<Author>JustRuss
<Content>Solid Four Stars Location alone is a great reason to stay at this hotel. Walk a few metres from the front door and you're standing in front of the Catedral. The friendly staff welcomed us at arrival and had prepared everything in advance of check-in so there were no delays. Service was very, very good.The hotel restaurant is open only for breakfast and lunch. As there are so many fine restaurants in the area, we never visited. Wireless internet is free, but be careful of the TV as it fairly aggressively attempts to steer you to pay channels. There is a pool and terrace, but we did not consider the amenities to be useful in January.The mattress was too firm, but the beds were nontheless comfortable. The room was quiet and clean with a few minor exceptions. This is another hotel I researched here at TA and wonder why it isn't rated more highly. Perhaps it is the price, however TA appears to quote only the in-season rate. I found this hotel to be quite reasonably priced and a very good value considering its location. There are other hotels on the plaza that appear to be in need of upgrading as opposed to this modernly decorated inn.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Golfbuggly
<Content>An Oasis We chose this hotel for its postion which is in the centre of the Gothic Quarter. It is just a few yards up a side street from the bustling square but our room, which overlooked the courtyard, was very quiet. There was some music from the courtyard on two nights but this stopped promptly before midnight. We didn't hear any city noise at all.The room was well equipped and well designed and the bathroom was spacious. The staff were very helpful indeed and the breakfast was excellent. I would recommend this hotel highly; even though we are older travellers, we were able to walk comfortably to many of the places we wanted to visit and felt very safe going out to dinner late and returning even later!!We really enjoyed our four day visit and would consider returning to Barcelona and to this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rud-gr
<Content>Not the cheapest but very good quality and supreme location.       Bathroom  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CatHampshire
<Content>We loved it here best hotel ever......! What a great hotel, the decor is modern and simple yet really comfortable. Our room was amazing spacious and very clean. The bathroom was the highlight good hair dryer and power shower. I have stayed in so many hotels on business and this has been my best ever stay in a city centre hotel. You can not hear anything in the hotel the soundproofing must be good as our room was right by the lift and I never heard it or any other guests and I am light sleeper.It is down a side street so away from the hustle and bustle and nice and quite. Coming back in the afternoon it felt like an oasis of calm.We had breakfast which is huge - you can everything including bacon and eggs, toast, fruit ,ceeral and a wondeful selections of bread and pastries. The fresh fruit and freshly squeezed orange juice were a nice touch in the heat.You are very near everything and can walk everywhere. The buses are easy to get to from Placa Catalunya if your feet fancy a break and the airport bus stops here, it only cost 4.05 euro single to get to the airport and 1/2 an hour couldn't be easier. The hotel is a 5 minute walk away.Lastly the staff were amazing so friendly and helpful they could not do enough for us.....I would recommed this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IOWtravelbabes
<Content>Perfect City Hotel!       Other View - Pool Rooftop Area  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>huppeldepup_8
<Content>excellent located hotel We stayed in this hotel for a week. We would recommend it to everyone. It is perfectly located close to the Cathedral in the gothic area with everything at walking distance (ramblas, port, shopping, El Born, metro...). The rooms are nice, clean and bright. Towels and sheets were changed every day. The hotel staff was very helpful and speaks English very well. The swimmingpool is a plus in summer time, unfortunately it was not heated during our stay in October, but very comfortable to enjoy the afternoon sun.Breakfast was freshly served at our table. They serve extra's like toast and eggs on simple request.I hope to stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Crooks
<Content>Great Location I recently stayed at this hotel and picked it for the location, being in the old town and not being disturbed by traffic. The roof top pool was not heated or cleaned so was unusable except for a paddle, the sunbeds came in useful to catch late afternoon sunshine.The room we had overlooked the inner courtyard where there are chairs and sofas and piped music until late at night, so might upset some early to bed people. The best rooms were overlooking the quiet street. Avoid room 203 which is next to the office and is used from 8am, and the door is constantly banging.Breakfast was fresh and plentiful and well cooked, with very good service.All in all a good hotel if you get the right room  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>laxgirl24
<Content>Great Hotel in a Central Location We stayed here as the first place on our honeymoon around Europe and this was by far our favorite hotel of the trip. It was in a great location - lots of places to walk to- this area of Barcelona was our favorite. The pool on the roof was a great way to relax one afternoon - although the water was REALLY cold! But was still enjoyable. The room was a good size, bed was comfortable, and the hotel was clean. The computers with internet in the lobby were nice also. We would definitely stay here again for our next trip to Barcelona and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>final_destination
<Content>Great Accomodations in a Great Location At the last minute we were able to extend out stay in Barcelona, but it was too late to tag on another day in the original hotel we were staying in, so we booked our last night here. Upon entering we wished that we had booked our entire Barcelona stay here. The decor and accomodations were so great (most comfortable bed we had during our vacation in Spain and we stayed in 6 hotels!) and the staff was more than helpful. It was just an added bonus that this hotel was more central to the city than the one we stayed at in the El Born district. I would recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>deanandjules
<Content>Would stay here again We stayed her for 4 nights in august. Lovely modern hotel and the situation of it is perfect - it's right on a pedestrianised square where the cathedral is, a very short stroll and you are right in the gothic quarter or las ramblas area. The small rooftop pool is a very pleasant decked area, and a welcome relief from the afternoon heat. There is a really handy tabac shop 30 seconds away, and the staff are exceedingly helpful. We didn't bother with breakfast there as I thought it expensive, and that is the only thing that I can think of that I could possibly criticise. In any case there are loads of coffee/pasry shops within 3-5 mins walk, and also an excellent fresh smoothie place, that It was actually nicer to have a stroll and try something different each day. If you have a late flight as we did, [10pm] they securely hold your luggage till you want it, and prebook a taxi so you can enjoy every last minute of your stay. Our taxi was for 8pm, which was more than enough time for our easyjet flight.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bez5
<Content>Excellent all round hotel       Rooftop pool  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SydneyOztraveller
<Content>What a magic place. Wow what a location. Four days and still too much to see and do. The hotel is ideally located in the not so crowded Gothic quarter.An incredibly clean and modern hotel . Excellent size rooms and bathrooms. All staff were exemplary and know there stuff. The pool is great for a quick afternoon cool off and the free Sunday morning walking tour was the icing on the cake. Well done Catedral.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Qzy
<Content>Pretty Good Hotel This is a pretty good hotel in a great location. The staff were very friendly and helped out any way they could.We had adjoining rooms which worked out very well, they were a decent size with bath and showers. The Air Conditioning worked perfectly and was a gift after a day out and about in the heat.We had a very minor leak in the roof during our stay and when we rang reception they sent a guy up straight away. He had us moved to other adjoining rooms within minutes and there was a free bottle of champagne waiting for us when we got there!Breakfast was included in our package and was fine, the fresh orange juice very nice. My wife did not enjoy the tea though.As has been mentioned here before, the Taxi driver took a while to find the hotel, the free internet is very handy, and there is no possibility of a drink from the (very small) bar after 11pm (lots of options close by though), but this certainly did not detract from a very nice stay.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>scadroes
<Content>Average Stay We didn鈥檛 enjoy our stay at this hotel. The room was clean and the bathroom was clean and large and the location was great. It was right across the street from the Cathedral and a few minute walk from the Ramblas. We walked everywhere while we were there. The first thing we didn鈥檛 like was the bed. It was really hard. They did put a blanket under the sheet to make it a bit more comfortable after we asked them four times, but the bed was still really hard. The front desk wasn鈥檛 very helpful. When we checked in at 830 in the morning when were got off a cruise ship they told us t come back at 3 to get into our room. That was expected but when we returned to get into our room they gave away our nonsmoking room to someone else before us. They didn鈥檛 seem to care that we were there at 830 in the morning and already checked in. One morning they didn鈥檛 give us the wake-up call we asked for. After that we depended on our cell phone alarm instead not wanting to try that again. Also in the bathroom when they took the washcloth they didn鈥檛 replace it for the next day. It is a shame that this hotel had so many problems. It was really nice place in a good location. It just seemed like the people didn鈥檛 know how to manage the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	2	2	5	

<Author>nishcapish
<Content>Great hotel Great hotel that is off the Las Ramblas area. Its behind the Catedral in Place Nova. Very Central, walking distance to the Gaudi museum, boqueria market, the metro and major shopping. The hotel is very modern, has a small but cute pool. Has a bar area as well as a internet room. The staff is great, they speak english and are great at helping you out. Me and my friends really took advantage of this. The only thing is that since this is a new hotel, cab drivers do not really know of this hotel, and dont know where to drop you. Ask to be dropped at the catedral taxi stand, on the side of place nova, and just walk about a minute. Also get the taxis from this stand, you will save about 3 euros.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>NYtraveler80
<Content>Loved our stay We loved our four night stay at Hotel Catedral in Barcelona. The rooms were modern and clean with a nice size bathroom. The hotel is situated in a great location within walking distance to the Ramblas, Boqueria market and great shopping. The staff was professional and friendly. The hotel lobby was nice with a terrace/garden. Also, there are three computers with free internet access for hotel guests to use. (fyi - watch out for the bored children using the computers for video games). Overall, it was a great stay and we would return again in the future.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Triplalot
<Content>A good stay at the Hotel Catedral I have just returned from a 3 day stay with my 17 year old daughter at this hotel.Checkin was efficient, although we could not checkin properly until after 2PM (we arrived at 11.30), but the hotel kindly stowed our luggage and we were able to explore the surrounding areas. The hotel is really well located, in the middle of everything, close to some of the sites (opposite the Cathedral), close to the shops and a short walk to both Las Rambla and Pl. de Catalunya.We were a little disappointed with the hotel room, especially our very hard twin beds which were placed next to each other (like a kingsize) rather than a twin. However the room was clean, and the bathroom was very nice with a fullsize bath (albeit a little shallow). We did'nt have a good view since we were on a side street, opposite some apartments, and we were definitely overlooked. However the room was quiet. Breakfast was ok, although we only ate there once since my daughter preferred the nearby Starbucks. We didn't try the restaurant since it closes at 5PM, and we didn,t spend much time at the hotel during the day. We did try to get a drink on one occasion but gave in after a 10 minute wait.The room were airconditioned, although we never managed to control the temperature which when the air conditioning was on was very cold (nice when you come in from an hot day in Barcelona, but uncomfortable at night).The gym looked very nice and modern and the rooftop pool was a nice bonus, although my daughter said it was too cold. The pool area was also very small with a limited number of loungers (circa 8) which was not sufficient for the size of the hotel, and on one occasion (out of 2 visits) we had to sit on the wooden decking because no seats were available.Staff were friendly, although discreet.Final bonus was the free wireless internet, and the 3 computers in the lobby for the guests use. We used these to check emails, cat on MSN and to checkin for our flight home. However, there was no printer so we couldn't print our boarding passes which in fairness was not a big problem.In summary this is a good hotel at a reasonable rate, ideally placed for a short stay in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	-1	4	

<Author>Ralph8546
<Content>A Great Hotel We have just returned from the wonderful city of Barcelona, and stayed at the Catedral for 3 nights.It is a fabulous hotel, brilliantly positioned. The staff are very warm and friendly. The rooms are spotless and spacious and bathroom likewise. If you require a drink from the bar it is very reasonably priced. We stayed in a superior room which is larger than the standard rooms.A couple of criticisms the charge of 鈧?8 per person for a small continental breakfast, only rolls and jam and a small portion of fresh fruit was very expensive, go out and find one of the many local spanish cafe's who will do you a better breakfast for less than half the price. Also if you require more coffee in the room they will charge you 鈧?.50 for another sachet, take your own! I have never paid for extra coffee anywhere in the world!Always make sure you have the address of the hotel including the zip code with you because none of the 6 or so taxis we used during our stay knew where it was, in fact the taxi driver from the airport had to phone the hotel to get directions. It is down a veryh tiny narrow street.However a very recommendable hotel we will definitely be going back again next year.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DianaWWiltshire_UK
<Content>Fantastic hotel! Just got back from the Hotel Catedral yesterday and I cannot find anything bad to say about it. I took my son and his girlfriend for his 21st birthday treat and both double rooms on the second floor were lovely and the bathrooms gorgeous. Both faced out onto a side street but it was not noisy at all and the air con worked really well anyway if the windows were shut. The staff were friendly and everything very clean and the decor was great. It was pretty hot this week and fairly busy and being able to just step off the street into an oasis of calm was an absolute treat each time!Everything it says on their website is true and I am not posting any photos because the ones I took mirror those on the hotel website! My son used the gym and said it was good though not air conditioned which was odd, and we used the rooftop pool which was lovely. The hotel's position just off the Catedral Square was absolutely brilliant and a complete bonus as I didn't realise it was a pedestrianised area; that is the one thing that the website doesn't publicise which it should do as it is such a big plus. You can walk to so much and whilst it is very close to Las Ramblas it could be miles away in terms of noise. One reviewer says the bar and restaurant weren't open and whilst it is true that the bar closed at 10pm when we were there, I think maybe at weekends it would be later and certainly the restaurant was full a couple of lunchtimes we noticed. Although it is Italian I recommend La Locanda which is literally just around the corner from the Hotel Colon (on the Catedral Square also) - they use absolutely fresh ingredients and their pizzas are to die for. I also recommend going up to the roof of the Cathedral in the elevator as the views are something else. I didn't have to queue at all whereas the queues for the Gaudi Sagrada Familia were 90 minutes!!!! I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel and intend to visit it again just as soon as I can!  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>markS0
<Content>Wonderful From the moment of check-in to our departure, the staff could not have been more helpful and freindly. They ordered taxis for us, made restaurant recommendataions and bookings and even arranged flowers in the room for us The hotels is situated in a brilliant loction across from the Cathedral with easy walking access to most places of interest.Although taxis are inexpensive should you wish to use them in the evenings as we did.  The room was very clean and decorated in the now typical Barcelona modern style. WIFI access throughout and FREE too should youy have your own computer, if not ther are three just off the lobby for your free use!!!They also have a small roof top pool where you can relax and read a book with a glass of wine should you wish. .Breakfast was good and the wine in the evening was a real bargin at only 2 euros a glass.I have already recommended this hotel to freinds who are planning on going to Barcelona, just as I would recommended it to any of those reading this reveiw.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LMandTJ
<Content>Great Hotel, modern, central but quiet.... We stayed at the hotel in May 08 for 3 nights on a city break to see Barcelona. The hotel has a great location, just off the Cathedral square and within easy walking distance to La Rambla and Placa Catalunya. For a city centre hotel and such a central location, the hotel is surprisingly quiet.We had a really nice room overlooking the street, we had two single beds instead of a double but it was no big deal, although the beds were quite hard! Bathroom was lovely and clean, nice modern fittings and a good powerful shower. Our only real issue with the room was the heat! It was really warm and the air conditioning unit made little difference even when it was turned down to 5 degrees! But maybe this was just the unit in our room, it didn't bother us enough to swap rooms.They don't replace the tea and coffee once you have used it, you have to buy more from the mini bar, but i'd read this on other reviews before I went so I took some with me.I found it odd that the restaurant wasn't open in the evenings and the bar never seemed to be either, We normally like to have a drink in the hotel bar before heading out or a last drink at night but there never seemed to be anyone around? There are plenty of bars nearby though, we usually ended up in Taverne de Bisbe in the Cathedral square for our last drink at the end of the night.We also tried the restaurant next door to the hotel called Nonell, which looks really nice from the outside, with a lovely outside dining area, however my boyfriend had a really bad meal there and they didn't have the wine we wanted so we accepted their reccomendation for a more expensive one which wasn't great either! We always seemed to find nice places to eat in Placa Reial, which you can get to just off Via Ferran. We had a lovely meal at Taxidermista and looked at all the people queuing up to get into Les Quinze Nits which i've heard is only average and they turn the tables round really quick so no sitting lingering over a drink like we were able to do.We felt perfectly safe walking up Portaferrissa back to the hotel from La Rambla late at night, we never saw any trouble during our stay.All in all we had a great trip and I would definitly use this hotel again if we returned to Barcelona :)  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>TeWe
<Content>Great hotel in a great location Stayed four nights here in the beginning of May and absolutely loved it. The location couldn't be better, the hotel is right in the middle of everything in Barcelona and yet it is out of the hazzle so you get your privacy.We asked for and got a room facing the courtyard in order to ensure that it would be quiet. This was also the case, we didn't face any disturbance during our stay. The room was simple but very comfortable. The only downsides might be that there could be more closet space and as somebody else mentioned earlier my wife would also have wanted a full size mirror. Apart from these minor details it was perfect. Very clean and very comfortable.The staff were extremely helpful and pleasant. We got answers to all our questions whenever needed.Very pleasant stay and I could definitely consider staying here again when in Barcelona.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Clacy
<Content>Superb Excellent hotel.We had connecting rooms as we travelled with our children. These were accessed through a lockable 'front door' which meant that we could leave our bedroom doors ajar at night.Rooms were large and the beds were enormous! Free wifi in all hotel rooms and free internet access on hotel pcs in lobby.Breakfast was nice but expensive.Great staff - highly recommended Fantastic location as very central but incredibly quiet at night. Never have we slept in such a quiet hotel in a city centre.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Rozzers
<Content>Great Location This is a newly refurbished hotel up a side street opposite the Cathedral. We chose it from reviews on this site and for its great location. We stayed for 5 nights early April for a city break. It's a great looking hotel inside. The foyer is beautifully designed and immediately restful after the bustle of the streets. You can sit and read in the comfy chairs of the foyer or have a drink from the bar. Reception staff were very pleasant and professional, spoke excellent English and responded to any requests willingly. We chose not to stay in our first allotted room, a lovely room but with a bit of noise from the lift shaft and there was no fuss about changing us. Our room was on the 2nd floor overlooking the courtyard, spotless and modern with some nice design features (funky lights, wall-mounted flat screen TV). The bathroom was very spacious in beige colour stone and suited our needs perfectly. It had a good powerful shower over a large white stone bath. The view from our room, over the hotel courtyard or covered chillout area (! their description) was of the back of the hotel facing the square, so not very pretty, but the room was very peaceful and we werent there that much in the daytime to let it bother us. But I guess that is the toss up - do you ask for a room overlooking the side street with a better view but a bit more noise or do you enjoy the peace and cope with looking at the balconies of the building in front...The only moan about the room was that it lacked a full length mirror and that the girls were very tight with replacing any toiletries that were finished. Also there was no tea after the first lot was drunk but we were warned and bought some more from the bar downstairs along with a jug of milk that we kept in the minibar. You may also have to ask for soap, they provide bath/shower gel, but there was no great problem, reception being happy to send some up.We ate all of our meals out of the hotel. There are plenty of places for breakfast nearby - much nicer to sit and eat watching the world go by and considerably cheaper too. We had a couple of drinks at the bar and outside in the chillout courtyard ( a pleasant decked area covered with tarpaulin to keep off the sun and lined with bamboo plants. Tables and chairs or low sofas to choose from - friendly service). The restaurant didnt operate in the evenings, only at lunch time - something that we werent told beforehand - so we ate out every night. No great hardship though it would have been nice to know there was no home option before we went. There is room service but only til 9.30pm.We sat on the roof terrace once at the end of the day with books. It's nicely done, with comfy loungers and painted walls. The view is over neighbouring rooftops. The long, thin pool was freezing when I dipped my toe in, maybe it gets warmer as the months go by into summer. We used the gym 3 times. There is one treadmill, one sit up bike and one cross trainer, some free weights, a bench, some wall bars - so small but functional. Again it is newly done with a great view through glass panels over the rooftops. Luckily no one else was interested in using it whilst we were there (I wonder why!) otherwise it would have been a bit of a squash.All in all a great hotel that I would recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>scrsteve27
<Content>Great stay We arrived in Barcelona at around 9.00am, and took a taxi to the hotel; unfortunately the taxi driver just pointed towards what he thought was the hotel, dumped us and our entire luggage off on the street and drove away. One of us had to stay with our luggage whilst the other looked for the hotel, when it was found, the man at reception could not have been more helpful, he immediately came out to assist us and all of our luggage. Our room was not ready, however the hotel stored all of our luggage for us while we started to discover Barcelona.I must mention that it was my partners birthday whilst we stayed here, and I had emailed the hotel prior to our arrival requesting them to arrange the purchase of a bunch of 12 stemmed lilies to be in the room upon arrival. To my surprise, there were far more than this.After reading earlier trip advisor reports on this hotel, I was very worried about the noise and therefore, I specifically asked the receptionist for a quiet room. She gave me room 412 which was a corner room, I had my earplugs at hand, but I can honestly say that the room was very quiet with no traffic noise, and we certainly did not hear any noise, perhaps we were lucky, but maybe ask for a quiet room in advance.The staff on reception were very helpful and very friendly and chatty. They made us several restaurant reservations and ordered us taxisThe bathroom was large ,spacious and had lots of amenities such as a rasor, toothbrush, etc. We had our breakfast included in the price, it was fine, nothing special, I would not recommend the bacon and sausage, it was very greasy! I would not have been happy to have been charged 18 euros for it though.The wi fi throughout the hotel and the computers for guests use with internet, were free to use, and for me were very useful.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>med133
<Content>Great central hotel       Large modern bathroom  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>themutiman
<Content>Very noisy A few gripes:Most rooms overlook a very noisy alley, making it impossible to keep the windows open.The live music from a bar in the same alley just compounded it.The walls (a misnomer) appear to be made from thick paper, and we were treated to our neighbour's discussions and farmyard noises too from time to time - not so nice!There is a kettle, and the first round of tea/coffee is complimentary.Thereafter, its must be purchased at 1.50 euros per beverage. Not impressed with that. Solution: just pick up a jar of instant for your stay, and that's that.Breakfast: expensive for what it was, and the buffet part was very meager and disappointing. It is a very convenient location, so no complaints there.Would I stay there again: no.There is no shortage of good accommodation in the city, so I would choose elsewhere.It is a great city to visit, and there is so much to see and do.I would recommend hotels around the Gothic quarter.Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	3	3	4	

<Author>tyneen
<Content>Great hotel We have just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel which we found to be excellent. Staff friendly and welcoming on arrival to the hotel, our room wasnt ready but we were able to leave our luggage so that we could wonder round and explore the area in the meantime. Our room faced the street, we had no problems with noise either from outside or neighbouring rooms. We took our own tea bags after reading reviews from other travellers and bought milk and bottled water from a spar shop close by. There is a mini bar in the room which we used to store the milk in and there is a kettle and cups provided. There is a lovely gym on the top floor of the hotel, and an outside swimming pool with relaxer chairs to chill out on. Although the weather was warm and sunny the pool was icy cold and not warm enough to swim in yet, will be lovely in the summer. We had breakfast included in the price of our stay which was very nice. selection of cereals, yoghurts, fruit. fruit juice, tea, coffee. Baskets of cakes, pastries and breads were provided at your table and we had american breakfast which consisted of srambled or fried eggs, ham, tomato and toast. you could order extra toast or eggs too. We took a small bottle of fruit juice with us to our room for later. We used the free internet access in the main lobby area to check in online with ryan air for our return boarding passes and the staff at reception printed the passes out for us. Reception staff all very helpful with any queries, requests etc. Shops and restaurants close by with plenty of choice, hotel within easy walking distance of Ramblas, tourist buses, etc. Great stay and would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Leesh77
<Content>Great Hotel in a Great City       The outdoor  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>thesouthwells
<Content>Wonderful hotel and staff. Dodgy restuarant recommendation though. This hotel is fantastic. The staff were delightful and veru helpful, the rooms immaculate and there were the little things like free wireless internet! The only sour point was the first night when, as the hotel restuarant was shut, we asked for a recommendation. They booked us reservations at the Neyras and said that the meal would be aabout 45E each (incuding wine). Double it and you'd be close!!!! I was fuming as I thought it might be a little deal the hotel and restuarant had, but the concierge was genuinely shocked and apologised profusely. Apart from that we would have given this hotel a 5 and would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>travelover125
<Content>Great Modern Hotel in a central location I chose this hotel for a last minute getaway based on the reviews posted on this site. This hotel definately deserved the high marks. The hotel was clean and comfortable. The rooms weren't spacious, but comparable to other European hotels. The location was the absolute best part of the hotel. It is literally around the corner from the Catedral Gotic and walking distance to the Ramblas. The front desk staff spoke great English and went out of their way to be helpful. One gentleman (I wish I could remember his name), young bald fellow, was especially helpful and he made my stay fantastic. I would definately stay here on my next trip to Barcelona.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Jugaloonie
<Content>Fantastic location My husband and I stayed here for our first wedding anniversary from the 4th to the 7th January. At the time of booking we didn't realise that it was in fact the Festival of the Three Kings in Spain and so were slightly worried that it would be very busy. This was certainly not the case. On the eve of the Epiphany the streets became crowded with families watching the parade but apart from that it was pretty quiet for the rest of our stay. Despite the fact that it was a public holiday, all bars and restaurants were still open for business too. The hotel seemed quiet although we did use it as a base only and had all our meals out and about. We were very impressed by the size of the room. The room was spotlessly clean and we had fresh towels every day. Huge, super king size bed, the down side being that it was extremely hard and uncomfortable. The bathroom was large too with extra toiletries if needed. There is a hairdryer supplied in the bathroom but the one in ours didn't work although I'd taken my own so it wasn't a problem. Again, a slight criticism was that the tea  coffee supplies are for your arrival and not topped up during your stay. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful too. We flew to Gerona airport and then arrived in Barcelona by coach so on our departure, the reception staff very kindly printed out a timetable for the Gerona coaches so that we didn鈥檛 miss our flight home!The location of the hotel is perfect. You are a 5 second stroll from the Cathedral Square and only 5 minutes from Playa de Catalunya and La Rambla. Probably only a 20 minute walk to the Barcaloneta area and the beach which is well worth a visit. We did the cable car ride which has the most amazing views over the city. We also purchased a one day tourist bus ticket (in hindsight should have got a 2 day!) which we used to explore the north of the city. Stopped off at Sagrada Famillia and Park Guell which were amazing. We were very lucky with the weather whilst in Barcelona too. On arrival in Gerona it was raining but then you are close to the mountains. Once in Barcelona we had our first day at about 16 degrees and then the last two it was 20 degrees and sunny still at 4:30 in the afternoon! We did feel very strange though as for the locals this is still cold. So whilst we were wandering around in jeans and t-shirts, they were wrapped up in thick coats and scarves! I really did feel like saying that this was better than our summer of 2007!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dr.Papenhagen
<Content>Nice But Loud The hotel is well located just north of Central Ramblas, situated across the courtyard from the Catedral. It is extremely easy to walk to Barcelona鈥檚 many attractions from this hotel. The courtyard has several restaurants with a great crepe shop on the corner. The staff is pleasant and well accommodating to your needs and the rooms are clean and chic. Now the bad news. Or it depends how you look at it. For the money and after traveling much of the world, this is a pretty good deal if you are on a Euro budget, or want to consume more wine or tapas (which is myself), but if you have an excess of Euros, and want something a little grander, you may be disappointed. Although the bed looks lovely, the mattress and pillows are rock hard and in serious need of replacement. The walls are paper-thin and I could hear the TV and conversations in the next hotel room. Lastly, a good majority of the rooms face the alley and unless your a hard sleeper or hard of hearing, you will hear all of the end of the night goodbyes.I like the hotel, just be a wise traveler and know what to expect.Ted  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>H009
<Content>Great location, would definately stay again Great hotel just a few strides from the square in front of the old cathedral. A short walk from all means of transport. Surprisingly quiet considering it is so close to the hustle and bustle of central Barcelona. The hotel itself was very good and we would have awarded it an excellent if it had been a little warmer. The weather was cold when we visited and a few more degrees of heat would have been nice although it certainly wasn't enough to spoil our time there. The bedrooms are well set out and the bathroom was lovely with a 'proper' bath and shower. Excellent safe (no extra charge) and plenty of clothes storage. We didn't use the restaurant so can't comment but the bar area was comfortable and the drinks were reasonably priced and actually cheaper than some of the bars surrounding it! The staff were very polite, courteous and helpful and the maid service unobtrusive. Whatever time we left, the rooms were always cleaned, tidied and re-stocked with towels before we got back. One whinge - tea and coffee is only provided for your arrival further supplies have to be bought from the room bar/fridge.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MARTINMOORE
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic Hotel !! My wife and i stayed at the hotel catedral for 2 nights in december 2007. The location is superb, situated on a quiet street within sixty seconds walk of barcelona cathedral, and within five minutes walk of the ramblas.On arrival by taxi our first impressions of the reception area were very impressive. The decor was very modern and contemporary and looked brand new !! The bedroom was also very contemporary with wooden floor, wall mounted lcd television, and ultra modern light fittings etc. The bathroom offered a wide selection of complementary tolietries including toothbrushes and even a razor.Breakfast offered a wide selection of various cereals, bread, fruits, yoghurts etc. Followed by a full cooked breakfast. The breakfast menu also stated that the hotel would try to serve any additional breakfast requests.Altogether we had a fabulas stay at this hotel and would recommend it to other travellers.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Oscar Brian
<Content>Excellent Choice My wife and I stayed here for a three day break from Friday to Monday. The hotel is really well located in a central location that is very convenient for walking to all the main tourist areas and about 7 minutes walk from where the airport bus terminates in Placa Catalunya.The staff were very friendly and helpful in what is a modern but attractive hotel. The rooms are really well designed with a king size bed and very large bathroom. Our room overlooked the internal coutyard and whilst not an amazing view, it meant that it was very quiet for a location so close to the busy Cathedral area. We didn't have breakfast as at 15 Euros each it seemed a bit excessive and there are plenty of cafes around where you can get a fruit juice, coffee and croissant for under 5 Euros. Similarly loads of places to eat around and about, all of which were very accommodating and explained their menus etc if needed.Barcelona was a great place to visit for a long weekend. The Metro is very cheap and easy to use.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LoveToTravelCumbria
<Content>what a gem Hotel was wonderful. It was at the back of the cathedral in the old town, which is a lovly area to exploir and is quiter than the other areas. the rambellers is a 10 min walk and all the majour sights are sign posted. The hotel wave very clean lovle sixes modern rooms all newly decorated. the staff are so helpful and friendly. the pool is small but it is lovly to sit on the roof looking out onto the rooftops ..Go to a football match if you have time gat tickets from easyjet internet bar on rambellers it is on right hand side heading to harbour.The harbour is beautiful place to go also.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mikesierra
<Content>Excellent Hotel and Location Excellent modern hotel in a superb location and well worth the high ratings given by others, which we used to help us select it. The location close to the cathedral (obviously!) is a prime postion for all attractions/tourist and transport links. Rooms were spacious and had bath/shower (over) and king size beds. Bar was excellent and not over expensive - didn't try the restaurant as there were so many places close by for food. The gym and swimming pool were an added bonus. There were 3 internet terminals available to residents at no charge. We were in a party of 8 and the only negative comment was that one couple were charged 1.50 Euro for some additional teabags. Thoroughly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>americanexpat10
<Content>Loved the rooftop pool! I stayed in the Hotel Catedral for 3 nights in July 2007. The location was perfect (in walking distance to every tourist destination). The room was very clean, very modern in furnishing, bathroom was large and modern as well. The rooftop pool was incredible. The weekend was scorching hot and it was a huge bonus to return to the hotel after a day of sightseeing and plunge into the pool. I found this hotel a very good value booked through Expedia. Would highly recommend!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Yeemei
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed in this hotel last week and couldn't believe how perfectly located it was. La Ramblas, tube stops and excellent tapas bars are all within a short walking distance.Rooms: Spacious, contemporary decor, good shower, comfortable beds, and tea and coffee making facilities.Staff: on the whole very friendly and accommodating.Breakfast: only tried this once and it was ok if a little overpriced. Would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>bexvena
<Content>Loved Barcelona Catedral Hotel - modern, stylish, clean! Excellent location!       Light fitting! funky!!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>784QH
<Content>Great Hotel Great location I booked this hotel as a result of reading the reviews. The positive reviews are all correct. This is a new hotel in a great location for a short break visit to Barcelona. 50m from the Cathedral, 200m from Las Ramblas, and 400m from Plaza Cataluyna which is the central arrival point of trains and buses from the airport. The staff are friendly, rooms and general areas clean, and the beds large and comfortable. We did not eat there as too many local cafes, reataurants and bars to experience outside, Small pool on roof terrace, a welcome respite to all the sightseeing.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pepbow
<Content>Stylish hotel  My boyfriend and I spent a few nights here recently and I was really impressed with this hotel.The staff couldn't do enough to help you, ordering taxis, drinks, luggage assistance, directions, city information and not speaking any Spanish this was much appreciated!We learnt from staff that the hotel opened in October 2006 - so is new still. This had one downfall - our taxi driver from the airport had difficultly finding it at first, but no problem after consulting a map. Just be prepared to answer some questions about its' location or have the address to hand.Rooms are cleaned daily and were always left in pristine condition and the hotel is really easy to navigate around.If you're staying in Barcelona to visit tourist hot spots, this is in a prime location, a short walk from Las Ramblas (yet thankfully, quieter), with plenty of cafes and restaurants nearby.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ISW
<Content>Great hotel, great location The hotel itself is very nice - all new and modern (with very cool design, but also with a personal atmosphere). Staff was friendly at all times.We has a room to the courtyard on the 4th floor which we liked a lot - it was large, light, modern and spotlessly clean. The bathroom was huge and has fancy (but not 100% practical ;-) design elements. I'm glad our room was not on the outside, since during our visit there was a different concert every evening on the cathedral plaza - which was a nice touch concerning Spanish livestyle, but loud music went on until late at night, and the courtyard room made sure noise levels were not too bad.Breakfast was very nice - in addition to the usual bread, butter and sweet stuff, you get to chose from an extra menu and can either opt for e.g. a mediterranean breakfast or anything you desire like toast, eggs etc. Nevertheless I'm not sure the breakfast is worth the quite hefty 15鈧?- but by booking at justonehotel, who had by far the lowest rates at the time I bookes, the breakfast was included and this was really a bonus.The location could hardly be any better - right next to the pictoresque catedral square, within a few minutes walk to the ramblas, the major Gaudi buildings on Passeig Gracia, and about 15 minutes to the harbour. The Placa Catalunya, where the bus from/to the airport stops is also just a few minutes walk away (and very easy to reach). Plenty of restaurants and bars of all types are in the vicinity of the hotel, and the area is perfectly at night.Would definitly opt for this hotel again when I come to Bcn next time :-)  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>katiek8
<Content>excellent Have just spent 3 great nights at this fabulous little hotel....its a real find. in a perfect location...cathedral plaza outside..near the very busy Ramblas..but quiet..great walk alongside the cathedral down tiny old streets to the beach...the hotel itself is contemporary...very clean..great bathroom...a bed you could hide the waltons in..didnt try the breakfast...slept in...pool on roof was ace..and very quiet...good toiletries ..replaced daily..well stocked mini-bar...friendly staff...4 PC's should...god knows why..you would want them...will be going back soon as can...  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BarcaM069
<Content>Highly recommended central hotel My wife and myself have just stayed for a week at this hotel. It is in one of the best central areas to stay in for a holiday in Barcelona.It has very good facilities. Staff are very helpfull. There is a good sized pool for a city hotel, nice rooms and free internet facilities in a very nice modern lobby.There is a car park close to the hotel as well.Would definitely recommended  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>GayGuyFromBerlin
<Content>Great choice in central bcn       amenities  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Susan_Durham
<Content>fantastic hotel 10 out of 10 What a lovely hotel - would certainly recommend it to anyone. Rooms were lovely, just as they are on the photos. Staff were very helpful and 'smiley'. The roof top pool is just perfect... and the food is first class ........ breakfast and lunch ! I will certainly return to this hotel, thank you to everyone who looked after us.ps forgot to mention the location .......... just perfect. Sue Graham  Andrew, Durham  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ArmaghG
<Content>Fab Hotel and Location We spent a week at this hotel and had a brilliant time there. The hotel is modern, trendy and everything is new. The staff were friendly and helpful whenever possible. We didn't eat in the hotel at all - when I was booking it I thought the breakfast was a bit expensive at 15 euro (plus VAT) per person per day. There was no shortage of resturants etc to eat in the area so we were never stuck. Fab food all round the city.The room was great - and the bathroom was lovely, really modern. The door in the bathroom wasn't a problem at all! The room was always well cleaned - although they start early! I would highly recommend this hotel - the location couldn't be better, everything you need is close by. I booked this hotel because I wanted to be close to the city centre but also to have a pool to relax at during lazy days and it fitted the bill. The roof top pool is lovely - the weather was really good during our stay so we spent a couple of days sun bathing...heaven! One complaint would be that on 2 of the days during our stay the pool was only half full - I'm not sure why as we didn't ask - but it was very annoying as we couldn't swim in it. But when it was full it was lovely for a quick dip. The pool wasn't heated which wasn't a problem for us but may be in the cooler weather. Barcelona is a brilliant city with lots to do and I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone - it's excellent!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelSnob1
<Content>Excellent place / Rude Service       Common Area  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>smileyMerseyside
<Content>excellent place to stay Visiting barcelona with my daughter for a special treat for her birthday I wanted a hotel close to the centre,and with a rooftop pool.I searched tripadvisor and once again the reviews from this excellent site havent let me down.All I can say is what a find, this excellent contemporary hotel has it all -great location just close enough to all the attractions. rooftop poolexcellent service-breakfastThe service was also very thoughtful even leaving a bottle of ice cold cava in an ice bucket for my daughters birthday,and offering help and assistance at the drop of a hat.On the final noteWhile i was at first concerned with the hotel being close to an area that does not always have good reviews,I didnt need to have worried,we never felt at risk in the area,day or night.but always be on your guard with your valuables when in Barcelona  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BRAMBLE14
<Content>Fab hotel fab city We have just returned from a short break at this hotel and cannot praise it enough. The position in the Gothic quarter is excellent for exploring all areas. Excellent breakfast to set you up for a days sightseeing. The free sightseeing walking tour, offered by the hotel is a must.Top TipWe would like to recommend the Attic Restaurant in the Ramblas for an excellent meal catering for all tastes(smart / casual) Touristic bus pass for 2 days is very good value as a mode of transport and sightseeing. Boat trip around the harbour , cooling and interesting as well as being good value.Location [ - ] WATCH THE PICKPOCKETS THEY ARE EVERYWHERECleanliness Facilities Service Would recommend: Yes  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>polkadot_shade
<Content>What a city, what an hotel...! We stayed at the Barcelona Catedral Hotel for our 20th wedding anniversary from 9th to 11th June 2007.This hotel is in a lovely location, just off the main Cathedral square. We were pleasantly suprised that the hotel met all of our expectations, the staff were extremely helpful and eager to provide assistance for any of our requests. Alex was incredibly helpful upon check-in; we couldn't have asked fora better start to our holiday. During our break all of the staff we encountered were helpful, attentive and a credit to the hotel. The gothic quarter is only a few steps away from the hotel, make sureyou take advantage of the free walking tour each Sunday morning - Juan is an absolute mine of information.The roof top pool is a great way to unwind, sunset over Barcelona with a glass of something nice in your hand and your feet in the poolis a lovely way to round off the day.Overall a great city, we can't wait to book this hotel again so we can explore more of it!Thank you Hotel Catedral for making our first visit to Barcelona sucha memorable one.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>G_EvansWales
<Content>Excellent location and facilities We have just returned from spending 5 nights at the Catedral hotel. The location is absolutely perfect once you get your bearings. Placa de Catalunya (main square in Barcelona, akin to trafalgar sqaure) is just 10 minutes walk, there you can pick up the Bus Turistic which allows you to find your way to all the sights quickly, we used it for 2 days (the discount vouchers they give you will probably save you the cost of the bus tickets if you visit enough places). Within fairly easy walking distance of the Hotel is the Ramblas, Picasso Museum (the Museum Cafe is good value and has excellent food), the Zoo to name but a few. The Cathedral takes about 2 minutes to get to.The best Tapas we found was in the main square (turn left out of hotel door, enter square, the Bilbao Berria is on your right), help yourself to the most scrumptious Tapas and they count the cocktail sticks at the end and calculate your bill. The Restaurant on your right as you leave the hotel (v small square in front of you), is very nice but small portions and quite expensive comparatively. We made the trek to Montserrat (get a taxi to the Placa Espanya and get the train (which starts underground)) it takes about an hour and half station to Monastery. The trip is worth the effort, make sure you buy the Tot Montserrat card it allows you free lunch at the Cafeteria in addition to the travel.The beds are quite firm but we found them fine.The downside? The bar shuts at 11.00 (but there are lots quite near) and the swimming pool was not heated.The staff were very helpful, the room quite large and there is free internet connection just to the left of the lobby desk.BEWARE of pickpockets, there is no need to be paranoid, just be careful and watch out for the scams and people pretending to be helpful.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CentralCoastCouple
<Content>GREAT location, wonderful rooms, top service My wife and I arrived mid-morning from the airport, sleep deprived and hungry. The welcome we got was amazing. Immediately they wanted to know what kind of room we wanted - then had housekeeping clean one immediately. The front desk clerk asked what we wanted - and found us exactly the kind of tapas cafe we wanted in easy walking distance - provided a map and called ahead. For the rest of our stay - at meals and in our room there evidence of care and attention EVERYWHERE. We bought an art print and needed a way to wrap it in cardboard to protect it. No problem!My work is in the hospitality business and I wanted to lure away half the staff. This kind of guest care is rare -even in 5 star hotels.Though a bit out of our normal price range this hotel will be our home base when we return to Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>asiangourmet
<Content>Fanatstic location, helpful staff We spent three nights at the hotel at the end of May. The location is excellent : 5 minutes walk from Aerobus stop, convenient for metro, shopping and sight seeing.We arrived around midday,and were told we had to wait 10 minutes for the room to be prepared. It was not a problem, and we were nicely surprised at a complementary bottle of cava on ice in the room!The staff were very efficient and helpful. They reconfirmed our bookings for two restaurants and showed us how to get there: Hisop and Cinc Sentits. Both of them were excellent with 5/6 course tasting menus delicately presented. We also tried some local restaurants in the old town within walking distance of the hotel. We did not eat breakfast at the hotel (still full from our gourmet dinners) but there is a little cafe next to the cathedral that served execllent coffee and croissant for about 3Euro!The hotel has 3 computers off the lobby with free internet access. What a change from paying by the minute in UK and Ireland!Our room was on the first floor but was surprisingly quiet. The air-conditioning was efficient and cooled down the room in minutes. I am surprised to read that other guests would leave their spare key to keep the air-conditioning on while they were out. Hardly the most environmentally friendly act !Bathroom was spacious and spotless and shower had good pressure. Bathroom door was frosted glass and not see through. The only minor problem was when I received an early morning call from overseas. There was a problem with the phone system. Reception was unable to transfer calls to the rooms but they were very apologetic and asked the caller to hold till I got downstairs.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>skizzi
<Content>biggest disappointment in vacation We have just enjoyed most of a 16-day vacation in Spain. We visited many cities and stayed in several hotels. Our last three nights were spent at the Hotel Barcelona Catedral. We checked in at about 4:00 p.m. We were given a smoking handicap room that was very warm. The desk claimed not to know about our request for non-smoking, yet the email is still on my computer with their response. We inserted our spare keycard to activate the electricity and air conditioning and went out to enjoy the city until about 11:30 p.m. Upon returning to our room, the temperature was still very warm. The thermostat clicked off about 25 degrees (about 80 f) Needless to say the down comforter was way too warm and the maintenance people had long been gone for the evening. We tossed and turned miserably all night long. While we were showering, housekeeping knocked on the door and then said she had the wrong room and proceded to do the same to two more rooms at 8:00 a.m. I complained about the heat and requested a plain bedsheet because the comforter was too warm. I also asked that we be compensated in some way for the bad night. We were told they would need to talk to the manager about compensation. We were also told we must not have inserted the keycard properly to turn on the air--not true, as our lights worked fine.  We went off to explore the city again, not knowing what to expect for the night. We came back to the room nice and cool and an empty duvet cover--no blanket and no sheet,and our toiletries on the bathroom floor. We had to ask for the comforter back. Sleep was better that night. On our third and last night, the elevator next to our room growled all night long. It was another bad night. When we went to check out, they billed us for the water bottle left in our room on the second night, and when we asked about compensation for our bad experience, they said they could offer us free breakfast. It would have been nice to know that before check-out. We were on our way to the airport, and had no time to enjoy even that meager offer.  I would recommend avoiding this hotel. We paid full rack rate and had one decent night sleep out of three. The location is fine and it is a new, but rather cheaply-constructed building. The bathroom appears to be formica-tile rather than marble and ceramic as in all other hotels we visited. I predict the building will not age well and the customer service will come back to haunt them.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	2	2	4	

<Author>Tottie2006
<Content>Hard Beds!! The hotel is in a great location, our room was very clean and spacious and, even though it looked onto the side street, nice and quiet. The reception staff were very helpful too. The hotel has a small area with three computers and free internet access at any time.My only issue is with the hardness of the bed. It was almost like sleeping on the floor and made for rather broken sleep!Despite this, if you are ok with hard mattress, I highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bhavs33
<Content>Excellent Location.....well recommended Wife and I stayed at the hotel, found location excellent, service impeccable for what it was (thanks to Alex at front desk, very helpful). Hotel rooms, very well kept, found bed very comfortable. Bathroom door not so much of an issue for a couple. We were on the top floor, close to pool and gym, best floor, twas a smoking room but did not smell like one at all, (neither of us are smokers). We bought a bottle of cava from the bar and took it to the roof top dipped feet in the pool, it was very tranquil felt like we had our own section of the roof even though there were others up there too (this is during full hotel occupancy).There is a bit of building work at the moment which can disturb sleep in the morning, however was not a prob for us as we needed a early wakeup call to visit the many sites and attractions. Barcelona is not a place to relax in your room all morning....it would be wasted.The city itself has so much to offer, we visited,casa batlo, Casa mila, Parc Guell and Sangrad de familia, and Mies Van da Rohe Pavillion, all must sees. I definately think it is not worth taking the tour buses especially during a busy season, as you end up queuing for ages. We found sometimes instead of queing it was better to walk to the destination or use the metro, works out much better as IMHO the tour speakers didnt tell us anything we didnt know already.A must is a walk around the gothic area, roaming around the interwinding streets, you will end up seeing something spectacular each time, some amazing street entertainers (look out for the opera singer, he was excellent). Didnt notice much in the way of pick pockets, but like everywhere you go be vigilent and take the least amount of valuables with you when going out.An amazing restaurant is Les Quinze Nity in Placa Reial, excellent food and atmosphere for really resonable prices compared to anywhere along the Las Rambla, there is a big queue from 8.30 onwards but it is well worth the wait of about 30-45mins you dont even notice as there is so much to see in the square. We found restaurants way overpriced in Las Ramblas and atmosphere and food nothing like Quinze Nity.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>steve075
<Content>Great Hotel, Fantastic Location Stayed in this wonderful hotel for a 4 night romantic break with my girlfriend after consulting the Trip Advisor website and we were not to be disappointed. Arrived slightly early and were informed that the room was not quite ready. The very helpful reception staff then locked our luggage away whilst we went for a drink in a nearby cafe. Our room (stayed in 318), was spacious, very clean and had a lovely warm, modern feel to it. The bathroom was the same and had an excellent powerful shower and a variety of complimentary extras such as shower gel, bath gel, toothbrush, body cream etc. The double matressed bed was firm (exactly how we like it) and incredibly comfortable and (with the aid of the air conditioning) we slept solidly every night with no problems. As has been pointed out on previous traveller reports, there could be an issue with the tinted glass slider door of the bathroom, but this wasn't really a problem for us.The hotel itself is in an ideal location just off a busy square by Barcelona cathedral. It's literally a 3 minute walk to the Ramblas (very overrated), and a 5 minute walk to Plaza Catalunya (the main transportation hub for the city). We found some of the cafe bars nearby to be of poor quality and service for food. Booked the Emperador restaurant (at the nearby Port Vell area) on the Friday night and would highly recommend.Overall, a classy hotel, with lovely friendly staff and a perfect location.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nepxh04
<Content>My opinion...the best hotel in Barcelona...by miles! Tripadvisor is god...long live trip advisor!. I always use trip advisor to steer me in the right direction and it has never let me down. I searched through 400 hotels on trip advisor and found the Hotel Catedral and booked it without hesitation. I told my wife the next day that out of 400 hotels, the hotel was ranked 378 (in Jan 2007, and as i write now in April it is ranked 250). The hotel is BRAND NEW, it only had a few reviews and the only bad one, the guy writing the review had a problem with his travel company and not the hotel, so why dis the hotel (the hotel even posted a reply saying how they tried to help the guy). So where o start. Location: Perfect...outside of the Cathedral and one of the main squares in Barcelona (be careful with taxis though as there are several Cathedrals in the city, you have to ask for the one on Avinguda de Cathedral). In the Barri Gotica area, 2 mins walk to Las Ramblas (which is very overrated and not what i expected, but everyone seems to go there), 5 mins to placa de Catalunya (excellent for shopping, department stores, fashion stores, shops...and where all the hop on hop off buses go from...get the bus turistic as there are lots more of them and the route they run is much better than the others). The hotel is 5-10 mins walk to the marina/port area (lots of restaurants there). You CANNOT get more central. Taxis have problems finding it sometimes, ask them to drop you at te Hotel Colon (which is 100 yards away and is an established hotel in barcelona...and is twice the price and nowhere near as nice).Hotel: Staff were amazingly helpful, ringing the Nou Camp for us for our tour information (which was ok, but you need to hire the audio guide at 3 euros to really appreciate it as it is not guided), ringing restuarants etc. The gym is small but modern and effective (4 cardio machines and free weights). The rooftop pool area is great for sunbathing and looks cool (its an infinity pool, but can be a little chilly in less sunnier temperatures). The outdoor Bar area is one of the best in Barcelona, really trendy/cool place. The breakfast in the hotel was excellent, cereals, croissants, breads, american hot breakfast/medditeranean hot breakfast...they even did a spinach omelette for my friend who was vegetarian...excellent!. Where to eat in Barcelona: El Xalet (in the Montjiuc mountain). 15 mins in a taxi (about 10 euros). Well worth it, its open 1.00pm to 1.00am..but if you go later in the day make sure the hotel books a table for you. It is a revolving dining area and has an outdoor terrace that has the best views in all of Barcelona...unbelieveable!. Also go to Tabloa De Carmen in Poble Esapnyol....which is a 4 course meal, as much wine/sangria as you can drink ad a 1 hour authentic flamenco show...cost about 拢40 each but i drank that in sangria alone....if you go to the early showing (7.45pm and 10.30pm) you can stroll around the village area before going in (during the day you have to pay 6 euros per person just to walk around). Its excellent. Other places to mention are Taller de Tapas (although Cal pep is recommended by people, there is no menu so you dont totally know what you are eating, you just pick plates up and hope for the best), which is excellent value for money (especialy lunchtime) and is open all day. Taxidermista s also a cool place, a former taxidermist shop...very smart, good food and in a cool square called place reial. Go to the hotel OMM for a drink in the bar, but i wouldnt eat in the restaurant MOO as it is extremely weird...they put distilled soil in some of the dishes and actual cigar ash in some of the desserts....weird, weird, weird and expensive!. Commerc 24 is hard to get into, book ahead, and is the place to be (great value for money too...surprisingly).Look at some of the walking tours, they do a gourmet walking tour which takes you to places to try the local delicasies and explain te history of catalan food...The hotel provides a FREE walking tour every Sunday at 10.00am for an hour....i Love this hotel!Also, if you are there on a wednesday, check with the hotel as they do wine tasting evenings and cookery classes (i think every first and third wed of each month, but check with the hotel). Tell me another hotel anywhere in the world that does this...I love hotels in vegas and have stayed in some of the best hotels there (which are some of the best in the world), and i rate this hotel on a par with the hotel Paris/Mandalay Bay...yeah it is much smaller, but as an all round package, i know that in 12 time this hotel will be in the top 10 hotels on Tripadvisor. Part of me didnt want to write this review, i didnt want it to get too popular and expensive (i booked through justonehotel.com and got it for 拢89 per night including full breakfast). But Tripadvisor has helped me and this is what its all about....this place is...the business.Enjoy...Phill  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rowenag
<Content>Stylish Hotel in the Heart of the Old City Hotel Catedral is excellent value for money. The rooms are stylish and modern and the lobby area is good for having a drink in whilst waiting to meet friends. It is also in a great location - close to Las Ramblas, the Port and the beautiful Old quarter. The staff went out of their way to accommodate the hen party I was with, booking massages for us all either in our rooms or on the roof terrace. There is also a small gym and a roof top pool (v. Sex and the City), which is small, but good for cooling off in. I thoroughly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>IainCornwallUK
<Content>Great New Hotel Having stayed at this hotel for 5 days on a city break I'd highly recommend it.Located right in the centre in easy reach of La Rambla etc.Can't fault the service as everyone wanted to help. The room was certainly as shown in the brochure. Spotless. Seen comments on the glass door (Tinted) to the bathroom but this really isn't an issue at all, in fact it's quite funky.Stayed in room 406 which faced a quiet road.A couple of tips, teabags required after first day plus milk, can be stored in fridge. Use the do not disturb sign on door as they clean daily. One more, remember when first at breakfast that there is an option for either med or american which you have to complete a form for. We weren't aware of this on the first morning so missed out.Have a great stay.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>taido
<Content>Great location Hotel was new and clean. Only a few things bothered us. We stayed there for a week in the end of March. Usually you had to wait for your breakfast a long time( it was served at the table) and one morninig after waiting for 40 mins,we just left. We had already asked twice for it. We never got any that morning. I also e-mailed and asked for a non-smoking room and when we arrived we were given a room for smokers. Reception staff was very friendly and also the girl who was working evenings behind the bar.Also one morning a chambermaid came to our room 8.30 in the morning twice,we were still sleeping. Then she took our key from the main switch,maybe a mistake,but...Matresses were very hard.Otherwise we enjoyed the stay in Barcelona,great city. Small things,but if it's supposed to be a 4-star hotel,then the service (breakfast) should be better.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>lisa222
<Content>Eager to Please I booked 2 rooms for 5 days through hotels.com, because I could not find the hotel's website. Room 210 had twin beds pushed together (as is common in Spain) overlooking a fairly quiet street with a large bathroom with a GLASS DOOR. This was a bit of a problem since my teen son shared the room with his grandmother (they were good sports but--). Room 202 with a large king bed overlooked the hotel resto courtyard, with a view into the apartment building behind. This was very quiet, except the night when the resto had a champagne party.Pro's: great location, brand new building/rooms, wonderful lighting, very helpful staff speaking good English, Starbucks closeby, the frontdesk is happy to book tables for dinner and help with concert tickets and transportation, great linens/towels, tea kettle and fridgeCon's: only allowed 2 teabags (per stay, not per night), one washcloth, that GLASS DOOR to the bathroom, dicey elevators, the Catherdral seems to be forever under scaffolding.Stay here if you are privacy isn't an issue, and you want a super location with new minimalist rooms. The staff is extremely customer-service oriented for Spain.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gmcc
<Content>Great hotel We had two rooms in the hotel over New Year. We had emailed to request adjoining rooms and we were given them. The staff were very pleasant and the location is excellent. It is 30 seconds away from the old Cathedral, 2 minutes from shops and 5 minutes from Las Ramblas.We expected that the rooms would not be cleaned on one of either 31st December or New Years Day. They were cleaned on both days.My one complaint and one that hasnt been mentioned before was that the bathroom doors were made of glass. We travelled with 2 others and if someone was in the shower it would have been embarrassing to let any one into the room as they would be able to see into the shower. If the toilet was being used the other person in the room had to stay at the far end of the room to avoid that sight.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>DrFi
<Content>Gorgeous boutique hotel An absolutely gorgeous hotel. Fantastic modern style. Staff were extremely helpful, and had good knowldege of the area. The location is great, within the gothic quarter, so close to many attractions. would recommend very highly.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Member86
<Content>Barcelona Catedral - very nice Fantastic location, a few minutes walk from the very centre of the Gothic area and a few minutes walk from the Ramblas and Catalunya Plaza. Very modern and clean. Staff very friendly. Stayed in room 217, not the biggest, we had a cot and buggy etc so this probably made it seem smaller. Rooftop pool excellent. Breakfast lovely. Room service menu a little dissapointing, ordered a hamburger got 3 small meatballs with crisps. Other than that, would recommend this hotel for a very central, great property in Barcelona.....  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kadry
<Content>Highly recommended   showReview(6597332, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Scruff
<Content>The Perfect Location   showReview(6546667, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dragstarjanet
<Content>fantastic location, great hotel   showReview(6441373, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>anna2511
<Content>great hotel   showReview(6233307, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MA1174TT
<Content>Be warned - MISREPRESENTATION OF FACILITIES   showReview(6043297, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>emmafito
<Content>new generation hotel   showReview(5944387, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Alex_and_Aurora
<Content>Fantastic location!!!   showReview(5923321, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rayairno
<Content>ok ok ok   showReview(22492198, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>voyageursenfamille
<Content>H么tel merveilleux   showReview(21672144, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>dommages   showReview(17436885, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima posizione   showReview(15567096, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(15567095, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Hotel, aber auch sehr teuer   showReview(11315273, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Wahl f眉r BCN   showReview(11448752, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione fantastica   showReview(11386314, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

