<Author>tnoccther
<Content>Visited Dallas for the Cotton Bowl Hotel was at full capacity due to mostly Ole Miss fans in town for Cotton Bowl. Checked in at 5:00 p.m. and had to wait an hour for room to be readied, Manager knocked about 25% off rate for both nights' stay. Have stayed at this hotel 4-5 times in last few years, and never come away disappointed.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>All_InPK
<Content>Nice stay Stayed here new year's eve, very nice stay. Room was big and decorated nicely. Staff very nice and helpful. Bed was very comfortable, nice white sheets and some of the best hotel pillows I have ever used. We thought $21 for parking was little much considering we had to wait awhile for our car on check out. In-room check out would have been better than waiting in a long line to check out. But those are my only complaints.I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mattmc
<Content>Great Service and Big Room Our stay at the Fairmont was almost perfect. The staff were the most courteous and helpful of any hotel at which we've stayed. The concierge gave great recommendations on dining and things to do in the area and check in and out was smooth and easy. The room (a standard room with two queen beds) was much larger than rooms at comparably priced hotels and we really enjoyed a relaxing time.Two reasons prohibit me from giving this hotel 5 stars. (I won't even mention the $21 a night parking. I realize that this is the case pretty much anywhere, but it's highway robbery. At least the valet service was excellent and efficient). First of all - why charge for high speed internet when you're already getting $120 for the room (not counting parking)? That seems a bit greedy and unnecesary. Secondly, they charged me for a local phone call! It only amounted to fifty cents, but still. In a hotel this nice and service oriented you would think that internet and local calls should be included.Overall though - this was a great stay, we fully intend to return, and heartily recommend the Fairmont to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>patrickstpaul
<Content>Professional Staff        23rd Floor King Room  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>dnjscheer
<Content>Would absolutely stay again We booked an air/hotel package through Travelocity with the purpose of seeing the King Tut exhibit at the Dallas Museum. Booked a regular King room and were pleased and surprised at check-in to be upgraded to a suite. The desk agent told us that he didn't have any King bed rooms left so was upgrading us to a king suite. Strange as the bartender later told us they were only at 12% capacity and we never saw a single other guest on our south tower elevators in 3 days. Hey, no complaints! The suite is wonderful. Nice walk in closet, sofas (one pulls out) and eating table in the sitting room with flat screen tv, large desk and sitting table in the bedroom with another large flat screen. The only complaint is with the design of the bathroom where the door nearly hits the toilet. You'd think that in the design of a suite they could've found another couple of feet to steal from the bedroom to make the bath more comfortable. Still, this is NOT a big deal.Service was incredible throughout. Very nice concierges who were helpful as was the rest of the staff. The bar never had more than 4 other guests in it. They told us that this is the low season for their main business which is conventions. Maybe that's why it was so nice and quiet. We were a little grumpy about the nickel and dime-ing that happens with the internet service. $13.95 to connect (wireless or wired) in the room. Then because I don't have a printer, I had to use the hotel's business center to print our boarding passes -- another $7.99 for those 6 minutes. At the price per night, I'd expect this to be less.The restaurant is one block from the museums which was perfect for us, and one block from the free McKinney Ave Trolley which can take you uptown a bit to more restaurants and shopping. The downtown area where the hotel is has zero restaurants for breakfast that we could find. If you don't mind walking, there are several good restaurants within about 1/2 mile. The very pricey but excellent Stephan Pyles is one block away. The Dallas Fish Market is also great (about 1/2 mile). We also walked to the JFK museum, about 3/4 mi. I think, and on the way the Village Corner Bakery is a good breakfast spot. We did this trip without a rental car which is doable but ONLY if you like/don't mind walking...a lot...for everything. This area has little but office buildings. We would stay here again for the service and quality.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>clkc86
<Content>Even better the second time! This was our second stay at the Fairmont. The level of service here is excellent. This stay we booked a Gold level room and felt it was really worth it. We had a corner room that was very nicely decorated in a more contemporary style than the room on our first stay. The bathroom door wasn't typical, it was more like a pocket door. There was a HUGE shower that was very enjoyable. The bathroom also had a makeup mirror, which I missed in the regular room. Still had a big walk in closet. The evening appetizers and morning breakfast were nice. Drinks are available but not included in the price of the room. We enjoyed the in room Nespresso machine as well as the one in the lounge. Before our trip I emailed the hotel for restaurant ideas. The concierge staff responded quickly and very professionally to our requests. They made all our dinner reservations for us, so we had no worries about where to go for dinner. We had one dinner in the hotel's Pyramid restaurant. The service was outstanding. The wine steward was a great help and provided some great information. My husband thought the filet he had for dinner was one of the best ever. My lamb needed a bit of work, but was cooked as I ordered. We shared a charcuterie appetizer and it was a good choice. We didn't order a dessert as the hotel had delivered a pice of cake to our room to celebrate my birthday. Every staff person at this hotel greeted us warmly, and it didn't seem forced as I would have expected. The housekeeping staff left me a thank you note for leaving a dollar tip on the bed every morning and evening. It's hard to find any real problems at this hotel. It is an older property, but the service is more than enough to make up for that. I will certainly stay here again and I will book the Gold room for future stays as well. Thank you Fairmont Dallas!!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>NewYorkCityStickler
<Content>First Class Service We purchased a $299 package which included dinner at the Pyramid for 2, free valet parking and 2 VIP tickets to Tutankhamun exhibit at Dallas Museum of Art. The room is supposed to be a suite but we realized after we'd unpacked that we were not booked into a suite. The front desk offered to move us but we had to get to dinner so we asked for free room service for breakfast and late check-out, both of which we received. The air conditioner was not working and it was an unseasonable 75 degrees outside; an engineer came up to fix it and we froze the rest of our overnight stay. The shower heads are for short folks, although the bed was comfortable and the 14th floor room was very quiet. The VIP tickets, as promised, got us ahead on line so that we had less than a 5-minute wait even though there were groups of school children at 9 AM! Although this is not a first-rate hotel in terms of accommodation, it has the finest staff we have encountered in a long time and we stay at many 4 and 5-star hotels in the U.S. and abroad. To a person, every staff member we spoke to was happy and gracious. We complained about our room service espresso--weak and cold--and in 5 minutes we received replacements that were both hot and excellent.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	5	5	2	

<Author>FrereBri
<Content>You MUST stay at the Fairmont! By far one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had. Not sure where to begin because everything was superb. Great location within walking distance of many places. Right around the corner is the fantastic restaurant Stephan Pyles. JFK Museum just a 10-minute walk, as is the entire Historic District with many other restaurants. The staff here goes out of their way to welcome you and greet you every day, from Front Desk people to Housekeeping, etc. The rooms are spotless and well appointed. The beds are so comfortable you might not want to get up in the morning! The hotel bar and restaurant, Pyramid, has great food for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. Or if you'd rather like something light there is a Starbucks off the lobby to get a coffee and pastry in the morning. I honestly cannot think of anything that was negative. I would not stay anywhere else in Dallas.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dukekit
<Content>Great Service Had a very nice 4 day stay. The hotel is older and if you look closely you'll notice a few nicks and scratches around, but generally nice facilities. Everyone was very nice - front desk, reception, concierge, valet, housekeeping, bar. I was very impressed with the consistently friendly service. Oh, one complaint was the low-flow showerhead. Yuck. But what do I know, maybe Dallas is having a drought.The aquarium was an easy walk (2 or 3 blocks) and was great. The West End neighborhood was also an easy walk and had lots of restaurant options (lot of steakhouses, no surprise, but some other options too).Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>j'smomTexas
<Content>Nice stay I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights while attending a conference at the Dallas Convention Center. I was very satisfied with my choice. The service at this hotel is top-notch. My room was very nice 鈥?my favorite part was the large walk-in closet. Inside this big closet was an oversized safe that fit both my camcorder in its bag and my camera. The TV was a large flat screen. The bathroom was a little small and the tub and toilet could be updated, but the vanity was very nice. There were two plush robes available to use. I had to call the front desk right after I arrived to report a problem with the toilet flushing properly and someone arrived in less than 10 minutes. Housekeeping did an outstanding job, room service was good, and the concierge was always very helpful. The buffet breakfast was very good, although it lacked a good selection of fresh fruit. I have only two minor complaints about the room. At night you can hear the elevator running. If you sleep lightly as I do, it may bother you at first. I did get used to it. The room only had one electrical outlet that I could access. When I needed to use the iron or recharge my cell phone, etc., I had to get down on my hands and knees and crawl under the desk to plug it in.This hotel is within walking distance to many things, including the Plaza of the Americas, the Dallas Museum of Art, the Dallas World Aquarium, the West End, and the Sixth Floor Museum. I got a special rate of $155 per night and it was definitely a good price. I do think I would be hesitant to pay the rack rate of $300-$400. I only say this because the room is nice but not especially luxurious.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>neicie
<Content>Good location-great beds we got a great deal through Hotwire for Texas/ou weekend. the hotel is in a great location-only a few blocks from West End and Victory Park. The lobby was very nice with a relaxing atmosphere in the bar area. we didn't use the pool, but we had a great view of it from our room and it looked nice. The bed was one of the best i have ever slept in. The only downside was parking was $21. that is a bit steep in my opinion. I would stay there again if i needed a downtown hotel.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MelandRog
<Content>Nice Location Downtown...Charming Excellent, solid, business hotel in Downtown Dallas. Walking distance to many great neighborhoods and very close to the Historic District where the JFK Museum is found. Lots of entertainment in that district too. Right across the street is a very high end restaurant called Charlie Palmer. Pricey but well worth it! Also within a 1/4 mile walk of the Dallas Arts District. Dallas Museum is worth it. Great exhibits...nice collection. Modern Art museum is quite quite cool.The rooms are fine, but not really large. Kind of reminds you of an old style hotel from pre-war. Rooms are in good shape, clean, and latest amenities.Stayed here for a conference.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>travelbound28
<Content>Fairmont Dallas - the BEST luxury hotel in town! Booked one of their new Fairmont Gold Suites via Expedia.com, and was a little worried if the pictures and descriptions were 'too good to be true', but we felt the rate was appropriate for a club level - type suite at a luxury hotel (around $400/night). What can I say... I was SOOO impressed with the entire experience! We were escorted to the Gold floor as soon as we got out of our car at valet, and introduced to our private concierge at the Lounge. We were checked in, had dinner reservations made, and got a snack, within minutes of arriving - WOW! The suite was worth every cent - completely brand new everything. Loved the bed - didn't want to get out ever! Having access to the private lounge was the best part - we made it our 'home-away-from-home' over the next few days. My husband used it to get away from me for a few hours to do some work (ha ha), but it worked out nice for me because I used that time to relax and watch some sappy girl movies. The restaurant was fantastic - food quality, service, wine list - we were happy with everything at Pyramid. The location is perfect - I read some other reviews saying how there is nothing to do in the area, but those people must have been blind! The Dallas Art Museum and Nasher Sculpture Museum are 1 block from hotel, and we even walked to the Victory Park for dinner and a show at House of Blues the last night. Everything was perfect - you MUST stay at this lovely hotel!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jillhou
<Content>THIS is a Fairmont hotel????? My niece got married at the Fairmont and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone. I suppose the wedding part went ok. The Bride was happy and that is what mattered. BUT if Fairmonts are supposed to be in the upper echelon of hotels, this one falls EXTREMELY SHORT.We arrived after check in time the day of the wedding (about 3:20) and had 2 rooms booked. I would guess there were about 25 - 30 rooms booked for this wedding. One room was ready and the other was not. Same thing happened to my brother, one room was ready and one was not. We had plans to go to dinner before the wedding at a restaurant nearby. We waited in our sons' room for our room to be ready......nothing.....nothing. I finally called down about 4:30 as I needed to change clothes for dinner and wanted my room. They said they would put it on a priority cleaning status and that it would be at least another 30 minutes and that they would call (shouldn't they just bring me my keys???). Had to scrap our plan for dinner and just go grab a bite at the hotel bar. ( Mediocre at best). Mother of hte bride walked by and asked how things were and if we were settled....we told her we were still waiting for our room....she went to desk and got a manager and came back with keys. The room had just been cleaned! So we got into the room about 5:30. A/C did not work well at all. Room was hot even though it was set on 72....there was no way the room was 72. We turned it down and turned up the fan speed. Bathroom temp was unbearable, had to bring my makeup/hair supplies out to the desk in order to have some decent ventilation and cool air. Sons' room was the same as temp goes...as was my brother's rooms. Was a sweaty mess by the time we left for the wedding downstairs.......lovely way to feel!Room was still warm when we came back up.....front desk staff was not helpful.Would NEVER stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>Landwlkr
<Content>Pleased with the Fairmont Dallas! Overall, we were very pleased with our recent stay at the Dallas Fairmont, located in downtown Dallas. The hotel is very clean, and our room was spacious with floor to ceiling windows (room 1910). The pool was good, but not spectacular; it could use a little modernization. I was very impressed with the level of service. The staff, from the valet to the concierge, were all extremely friendly and helpful. I appreciated that they even remembered my name and greeted me on arrival and departure. We ordered room service for twice and were very impressed both times. I emailed Phillip, one of the concierges, prior to our arrival with some questions and his responses were helpful and efficient. Keep in mind that the area around the hotel is pretty dead on weekends. We struggled finding a place within walking distance to have breakfast. We don't travel to Dallas very often, but we would definitely stay at the Fairmont again.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DeTravler
<Content>Recommend as a thumbs up This was a Very Good Experience. The front desk personal friendly  helpful, Concierge desk extremely helpful and accommodating, rooms clean  quite spacious, and comfortable beds. The reservation department was informative and easy to work with. The media center had one printer down and it added a minor expense. There is fine dining and food available at the bar area, however there was no moderate restaurant. Definitely would recommend and stay there on my next Dallas trip.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>alpine11
<Content>Fairmont is just okay I stayed at the Fairmont for a business conference. From what I heard, Fairmont is supposed to be a superb hotel.That was not the case. It is run down and is in need of some updates. They had a few nice amenities, like a flat screen TV, and large rooms, but that was about it. The desk only had one electrical plug for my computer and the bathroom was nice, but needed some deep cleaning. The clock radio was from the 80's. I also noticed some spots on the sheets. They were clean, but had permanent spots. I wouldn't pay that much to stay there for a vacation. It's not worth paying that much for the name. Go down the street to the Westin.The hotel is also in a neighborhood without much to do. There were a few nice restaurants, but it is definitely an 'office' area of town.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	3	1	4	2	

<Author>Butrfli1227
<Content>Exceptional Hotel The Fairmont Dallas is a great hotel, and for $149/night, a decent value. I highly recommend it to anyone staying in Dallas.Facilities: The lobby is upscale and never too crowded. They have a nice pool  gym, as well as an upscale restaurant. A starbucks opened the day I checked out.Rooms: Very comfortable beds and nice bathroom with ample space. They even had a walk-in closet. My only complaint is that the rooms could be bigger. It was a tight squeeze with 2 beds in it.Food: I ate at a few catered events and it was very good compared to most other hotel food I have had in the past. Service: Was great!! Everyone there was super helpful, room service was a breeze. I even had a small problem with the bill and it was corrected quickly with no questions asked.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelsavant
<Content>Mixed bag: Lovely Room but...       Fairmont Gold Floor suite living room  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>marcia0222
<Content>Excellent Experience I booked this hotel via the hotel website and came up on a really good deal. It was a 3rd night free deal. So I paid $99 a night for the first 2 nights. The hotel was very nice and a good location downtown. It was actually the weekend of the Dallas/Green Bay football game. The staff was very helpful and I just really enjoyed the hotel. The bed was super comfortable. I would highly recommend The Fairmont, Dallas TX.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DarthBane
<Content>Repeat Customer! I stayed at the Dallas Fairmont 3 years ago, and it's still as good as it was then. Fantastic location...Walking distance to the art district and JFK memorial and plenty of good dinning. Rooms are very comfortable, clean and quiet and the service is friendly and quick. I ate downstairs at the buffet, and it was really good. All food was warm and fresh. Would be nice if they allowed members free access to the business center (internet), but that's a minor thing, and overall you can't miss with this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>FuzzyNomad
<Content>Fantastic Fairmont Location is fantastic - heart of the Art district in downtown Dallas - a mile from the happening spots in the evening at Mcinney Ave; connected to the underground from the lobby of the hotel (was a boon for me as my place of business was 3 blocks away and was walking distance and the underground tunnel system was very convenient and comfortable and safe); for the fitness fanatics, register yourself online in the President's club Loyalty program and get free wireless access and the 24 fitness club (with free apparel once you move up - 10 night stays in a calendar year)In-house restaurant is on the expensive side ($50 and up for a decent dinner), but they do have a cafe that has a limited menu; outside there are a couple of steakhouses within walking distance.Outstanding friendly service at the concierge, front desk, and efficient housekeeping.Impeccable interiors, flat screen tvs in all rooms that I stayed in. Their loyalty progam web interface sucks big time with the Canadian counterparts lagging far behind in updates and transparency of your credits/earnings. You really have no clue of what you earn and they are extremely sloppy with crediting you accurately for the extras...but, the comfortable beds and outstanding service  location makes up for all of that.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>Faience44
<Content>High noise levels and tired rooms mar good service It sounded like an unmissable opportunity -- a combination of two Fairmont upgrade certificates and a last-minute cancellation at the hotel meant I obtained an enormous king bed suite for the equivalent of $150 a night instead of the $350 a night it should have cost. I should have known it was too good to be true.I often wonder whether the management at hotels actually spend the night there occasionally to see what guests go through. If the Fairmont by chance does this, it's been some time since the last try-out. They need to take a look at this property.First impressions are good. It's in an excellent location downtown and the lobby is as plush and impressive as you'd expect from a Fairmont. The service was good. Unfortunately, the room wasn't the same. It was the size of a small European country with a large sitting room and an enormous bedroom. The furnishings looked a tad tired and for some bizarre reason the insides of all the windows were soaking, so the first noise I head was a gentle drip-drip of water dripping on to the carpet. The bathroom was small and the tub was miniscule, no longer than about four and a half feet, so I had real trouble getting washed. And this in what was undoubtedly supposed to be one of the best rooms in the hotel.Worse was to come. I was on the 21st floor of the south tower in a room that looked out both over a highway and some sort of industrial facility (or a massive block of air conditioning units) which churned out an amazing amount of noise. I quickly fled the bedroom and took refuge on the sofa bed in the sitting room, which of course happened to be next to the elevator machinery. So I slept badly all three nights.Everywhere there are signs of people asleep on the job. The TV turned on with the greatest of difficulty (I had to press the button with both thumbs) and when I called downstairs to ask about the handy Internet on the TV screen function the person at the other end said Oh, I've got a note here, it doesn't work.According to the room guide you could either have a formal breakfast in the restaurant or something less formal in the lounge downstairs. Nothing was on offer in the lounge for the three days I was there. That said, the restaurant breakfast was very good (as tends to be the case with Fairmont) and I consider $18.50 for an unlimited hot buffet in the morning a great offer. Dinner in the restaurant was pretty good too.A hint -- don't bother paying the daily $20 valet parking charge. There are plenty of parking meters and lots very close to the hotel.If I came back I'd insist on a room well away from the noisy side of the hotel. That is, if I come back. I think I might try somewhere else in Dallas the next time I'm in town.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MissyGalway
<Content>Fair Enough Fairmont We stayed here for 2 nights and had booked a smoking room yeah i know how bad it is but well we were on holidays and the option was there. I found the check in staff quiet abrupt, she growled that firstly she did'nt think they took travellers cheques and that she did'nt have a smoking room because they were busy, fair enough but i had gone to the trouble of phoning to enquire about both issuses and was told neither was a problem. The receptionist stomped around because i had a few traveller cheques to sign and then gave me a key and i had to ask her what floor, i found her attitude a bit crap and i was after an 11 hour flight with stopover and delays. The room was nice but small and the bed was small for a kingsize but squash in and it was comfy. We had a corner room so maybe avoid this type. The bathroom was small but spotless with nice selection of toilitries and towels. Concierge desk was a breath of fresh air very polite and helpful. The hotel itself is lovely a bit of old fashioned glamour in a handy location quiet close to Dealey Plaza and there is tourist office also near Dealey Plaza which was convient .Breakfast outside the hotel is mission impossible,however if you walk towards Dealey Plaza there is a carpark on open ground and on it in a corner is a strange almost invisible little blue and white hut which was fab...looks aren't everything as you stand outside,my husband has a serious food allergy so we can't just eat anywhere. For restaurants there are a few nice ones just 4/5 minutes stroll from the hotel and they are lovely.Not a lot to do downtown at the weekends its a bit deserted. Overall we had a good time ,hotel is nice and well kept  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Carolight
<Content>Don't Stay Here! Horrible Experience - booked and prepaid through expedia and was booted out upon arrive due to overbooking. Unprofessional and rude front desk staff - dishonest. Hotel totally run down not worth a 2 star rating. Three Cheers to Expedia staff for great work at finding a wonderful 5 star hotel to replace this loser.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>AreAnyNamesNotTaken
<Content>Very pleasant This is my third Fairmont and certainly the best so far. Like all Fairmont hotels (as far as I can tell) the bathroom was surprisingly small; however, the bedroom was huge, especially for the miserly $279/nt that I paid for it. The rooms are as dully conservative as you would expect for a business hotel of this type, but they are at least tasteful and up-to-date, not to mention immaculately maintained. The hotel's restaurants and bars are very pleasant and the staff are efficient and charming. There is nothing extraordinary about this hotel, but it is a pleasant place to spend a night or two.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dfir
<Content>Comfortable, clean, friedndly stay! I was booked here for a convention we are on so although I could have stayed at other hotels, this place was more convenient so we decided to be here.After I booked I read reviews and I like that a place can have so many opinions from 1 to 5 stars but it makes me nervous when so many are negative.I have to say that this stay has been NOTHING but pleasant.The staff calls me Mr...... The room service last night was short of excellent only because we felt the ham  cheese croissant should have been served warm, but my stak sandwhich was EXCELLENT. It was delivered between 11 pm and 11:20 (fast for room service).The temperature was easily adjustable (contrary to other reviewers).The bed was yummily comfortable. The breakfast buffet is one of the best we have ever eaten with thought given to how they served what they served.Little things...We couldn't bring toothpaste/deodorant...Rather than buy at the gift shop we asked directions for a local drug store. The polite valet suggested we ask the front desk and they gave us his/hers...Then toothpaste, shave cream...When I needed my boarding pass printed I went to the front desk for access to the business center. She said she could do it there but I thought it would be too much of a hassle for them to so I declined.The fee for printing there was so high I went back and said okay heres how you log in...She did it in 2 minutes!Yes, the exterior is a little dated (but made up for in an oppulant lobby). The room wasn't huge but comfortable and clean.Bottom line is this: Would I stay again? YES!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>raxxx
<Content>Great Location, Great Value for Price My boyfriend and I booked this hotel for the downtown Dallas location, which turned out to be great... Most other hotels in the area are either much more expensive (the W) or slightly lower end.... Just a note, the West End district (bars, restaurants and shops) is within walking distance, but the Greenville section (tons of bars and clubs, if that's your scene) is not - which is what we were told by the lobby bartender. Cabride to Greenville is approx. 15 minutes, as opposed to 5. Also, if you want to enjoy a nice breakfast outside the hotel, you have almost zero options (we ended up walking the McKinney Avenue free trolley route - the trolley never showed - to an area where we stumbled upon a French creperie (not my idea of a great breakfast, but it worked). Dealy Plaza and the American Airlines Center are also within walking distance. Above all, we were suprised by the quality of the hotel for the price we paid. For the same $115 a night we would have spent on a lower caliber chain hotel on the east coast (where we are from), we got a higher class hotel, king room, all the amenities you can ask for - perfect for a weekend getaway. maybe it's the southwest economy? either way, i'd recommend the fairmont to leisure and business travelers (also seems close to alot of downtown corportations).  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>ben01St_Louis
<Content>Horrid stay I just came back from a horrible stay at this hotel and I had a similar experience as the previous reviewer. The room they gave me also did not have a functional thermostat. It was so uncomfortable i did not sleep a wink. Moreso, the fan was noisy and the room faced the highway, thus more noise to prevent any sleep. Front desk said an engineer will arrive, but no one came. No offer to move me to another room because they were fully booked. My being a President's club Premier member did not help things either. I felt that they have given me the worst room possible. Never ever will i stay here at this Hotel. It is not Fairmont quality. I have had better service at a 4-points sheraton. If you are planning to stay here, the North tower has construction going on, so it will be noisy also in the morning and afternoon.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>SeCe
<Content>Not a star deserved It was 40 degrees in Dallas and my room at the Fairmont did not have working thermostat. No matter how high I put the temperature it continued to blow cool air. I phoned front desk, they said they would send an engineer but two more phone calls and two hours later - nearly 11:00 pm, no one had come. By then me and family were in bed clothes and ready to retire for the night. I spoke witho nsite manager and he did offer to move us to another rooim, but it was very late, we had unpacked and settled in the room, so I declined due to the incoonvenience. Also, the TV did not have two of the channels shown available. I was disappointed at this high star hotel for not being up to standard and not offering to comp my room for at least one night.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>CrowneRoyalT
<Content>Lots of Older Folks I stayed at the Fairmont for about a week while in town for a business conference. When we pulled up, all the valets were very helpful and pleasant. The front desk was so-so, felt as if they were indifferent. Walking into the room, I was slightly disappointed with the television size and room decor, mini bar fridge was not working, smelt as if something had died in it.. Bathroom size was average, but the amenities were gross. Shampoo, Conditioner, Lotion smelt awful, and felt like watered down products that didnt work to clean, but were there for decoration only. As I was staying there, I noticed most of the other guest were at least 45 or older, so there wasn't noise issues, but just felt like I was in an expensive assisted living facility. Most positive experience was room service staff. I order a min of 1-2 per day, and staff on phone as well as delivery staff were very kind, and had great personalities. As for my overall experience, it was just a little above average... I Would stay there if I had to, but just wondering if I could find a more contemporary hotel.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>HotelLiving
<Content>Can't beat the downtown location My room was in the South Tower, upper level floors. Great view. Plush king size bed. Flat panel widescreen TV. Great shampoo amenities etc. New York Times delivered in the Morning. An army of people in the lobby to help with anything. The place to stay if you are visiting the Arts District, it's a short two block walk. The West End is also in walking distance. Will return!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Marge246
<Content>Very nice Fairmont This is a lovely property, with high-end amenities and spacious guest rooms. Comfortable beds with quality linens, flat-screen TV, plenty of countertop space in the bathroom, and in-room recycling. A couple of features I thought particularly great for a business traveler: the very large desk is big enough to serve as a dining table and includes chairs on the opposite side of the desk to support dining or impromptu meetings. A thoughtful touch was that all of the hotel's information is on a tray at the foot of the bed rather than piled all over the desk - it is a nice change from having to re-arrange the whole work space in order to get something done.It was great to see in-room recycling in concert with Fairmont's eco-friendly practices, but it was disappointing to see incandescent light bulbs installed in all of the fixtures. However, I left a note for the Operations Manager asking about installing compact flourescents, and he sent me an email stating they'd have the lighting changeout completed by the end of December, 2007.Overall a comfortable and productive stay in a luxurious property.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>iddybid
<Content>Excellent hotel just a short walk from attractions The Fairmont Dallas truly is a 5* star hotel in every way .... professional service, superb facilities, ballrooms, great bar and lavish guestrooms. We stayed here at the end of September (State Fair weekend) and will definitely stay here again if we return to Dallas. The hotel is only a short walk to the aquarium, Dealy Plaza and the shopping area. Tip: You get really good discounted rates at the weekend  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Valouche7
<Content>Big City Hotel Rooms are well appointed, with walk-in closets and ironing board and iron. Bath items ( shampoo, soap, lotion) were quite nice. There is a coffee pot with free coffee and tea, but there is a charge for bottled water and other snacks in room. Free NY Times in room. Unfortunately, there is a charge for wi-fi (or dsl, as wi-fi was not working when I was there). Great downtown location near art museums, restaurants, and the McKinney Avenue Trolley.Only bad point was valet parking; there is no self-parking. There was often a delay in retrieving one's car, and the parking charge was too high ($10 per day). My car was in valet parking for only 10 hours, from just past midnight until 10 AM, but they charged me $20.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Herb059
<Content>Exceptional Hotel....What about the spa? I travel quite frequently and I have stayed at a lot of hotels. I stayed at this hotel for a business convention. This hotel is one of the best that I have been too. From the valet parking to checkout, the experience was exceptional. The bad thing I would note is the spa wasn鈥檛 working during my stay, otherwise the hotel is great.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	2	5	5	4	4	

<Author>MichWorldTraveler
<Content>Not Outstanding, But Not Bad... My general impressions of 'Fairmont' as a hotel chain is pretty favorable. I've only stayed at one other, and the Dallas Fairmont doesn't really live up to my perceived standards of the chain. Room was fair, not outstanding, service was okay, not great. Food is definitely overpriced, albeit pretty good. I travel A LOT, and expect to pay premiums for breakfast, but it was like $30 a person for breakfast...I hate to spend $20 for breakfast as I often have to do, but $30 for the cheapest meal of the day? C'mon!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>FairCritique
<Content>Fairmont! Still the best service! What a joy to once again experience fine hotel service as it should be: not overbearing, always cheerful and sincere, efficient attention to guest needs. Whatever Fairmont does to inspire its staff with the spirit of hospitality, it should be marketed to the big name chains. An easy-going elegance is the ambience of the Fairmont in Dallas, Texas, with a seasoned, but never bored, group of team members who show only an interest in making you comfortable.I recently re-located to the Metroplex and decided to take a long weekend in Dallas. The Fairmont is brilliantly situated among the best cultural venues the city has to offer, with the Dallas Art Museum, the Crow Collection, the Nasher Sculpture Center, the Meyerson Symphony Center, and more, all within a short walk of the hotel. When you arrive, park the car and forget it. The fun West End, Oak Lawn, and Deep Ellum are minutes away by cab.In the race for its product to achieve a higher and higher level of posh chic, the hotel industry should pause and look at how Faimont has been doing it for a century.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>leenabeena
<Content>Great Stay! The hotel is located close to all Dallas has to offer. The staff was pleasant and helpful. The room service was delicious. The rooms are clean and very very comfortable. I joined the presidents club and got free internet access which was a great bouus. Valet parking is $20 a day but i guess thats in line with what other hotels charge.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SATX_de_NYNY
<Content>Good Fairmont Stay I average 4-5 stays (on business) at the Fairmont in Dallas per year. I pick the Fairmont when time and location matter. If I have more time, or if we're not organizing a meeting at the Fairmont, I stay at the Magnolia.(My company is in Fountain Place (1445 Ross), which is a short walk (above-ground or tunnel) next door.)The Fairmont Dallas is a serviceable hotel, with respect to its room condition and amenities. This location strikes me as moderately upscale / above-average. I don't find anything gushing or remarkable to say about this hotel. The hotel has made good progress since 2001-2003, when it seemed to be worn around the edges. It is not modern, nor is it tired.The staff have been consistently polite and eager to please. The front desk staff, in particular, has never let me down. I booked with the property directly because of my company's discounted rate. The local reservation staff is pleasant and efficient.The conference facilities are nice; I especially like the room that is tiered (affording attendees in the rear good views).I have rarely liked the food at this hotel. The food served at a conference recently was excessively heavy (perhaps a function of our organizer's tastes.) Fountain Place has an Au Bon Pain on the (5th?) floor, which suits me fine.I notice a fair amount of convention / large group traffic at this hotel.The pool level is fine; PLENTY of office workers from up above can see you (just look up in all directions), so I like to swim when it opens at 6 a.m. or very late at night (sometimes a little bit more of a party atmosphere, depending upon how many large groups are staying at the hotel).I would not stay at this hotel if I were in Dallas for leisure purposes. If in the downtown area, I'd pick the Magnolia; if in the University Park area, I'd (reluctantly) stay at the Hilton. (I'd like to try Hotel Lumen sometime, which is not too far away). If in Dallas on business and you need to be near Love Field, the Holiday Inn Select is a good choice.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>SiteCer
<Content>Nice Hotel Overall, I had a nice stay at the Fairmont Dallas. I had never stayed at a Fairmont before. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. I was there for a conference and all went well. The food was excellent as were the amenities they offered in the room. The only two complaints I had were that they did keep the meeting rooms arctic cold and the bed was extremely hard but overall I was happy with the stay.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ISR_TRAVELER
<Content>Very poor service I do not typically write a negative review, but this case deserves one. I stayed at this hotel for a business conference, and paid a full price for a suite. I encountered several events of poor service quality, but here is one that is quite telling. On the day before the check out, I called to ask for a 30 minutes late checkout. I explained to the manager (really kindly) that I have a meeting until noon, and I just want to get back to the room, quickly check my email, and leave to the airport. I had to catch the 12:25pm taxi anyway. Surprisingly, they were not flexible to accomodate this. Yes, I could have anyway checked off 25 minutes late without penalty. But just the fact of non-sense rigidity is an example of how they don't care much!  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	3	1	2	

<Author>libertyproject
<Content>Great Hotel Room was great, bed was awesome, location perfect for walking around town, and the coffee is the best ever!!Service is fantastic as well. Five star stay!!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JacksonGuy
<Content>Disappointing, Overpriced, and Annoying! Stayed here for business meeting in April, 2007. Nice, but several annoying problems:1) No internet service. They advertise themselves as a business traveler resort, but come on, no in room service? 2) They have wireless in the lobby and business center, but CHARGE $13.95 to log on WITH YOUR OWN COMPUTER! What a rip off!3) The shower heads are those super cheap diffusion heads that reduce your shower to a fine mist. This is purely a cheapskate approach to saving money on the water bill, but since you cannot get the water hot as it disappates into the silly cold mist, you end up using more water and more electricity. Another big rip off.The Fairmont is nice, but way overpriced - especially with these glaring issues. Charging me to use my own lap top is excuse to never return.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>KearneyTraveler
<Content>Just okay for such a prestigious hotel I expected more from the Fairmont. The lobby was beautiful. My room was okay in size, but smelled strongly of age and smoke (and the hotel is all non-smoking!). The shower head was mounted very low and the light did not work in my shower so it was very dark. The staff was all over the board - some very nice, some very snooty and rude. I had a very overpriced and small drink at the lobby bar.I am glad I was at the hotel for a corporate event, because I would have been disappointed if I had spent my own money to stay here. Dallas has better luxury hotels than this.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Art918
<Content>Nice business hotel This is a nice business or convention hotel, good location, nice property. Stayed here 2 nites in March 2007, pleasant service, good food, drinks in bar a bit small but fairly priced.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>girlluxe
<Content>Good for Business Travel The Fairmont has very good business amenities for the business traveler. Room service and catering service were excellent and the food was good quality. The room was ready early in advance of check-in. All staff I encountered were helpful. Room was a good size, including bathroom.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kris0173
<Content>Love the Fairmont! I stay at the Fairmont when I travel to my company's corporate office for meetings or training. It is a beautiful hotel! The rooms and bathrooms are really big and clean, and they give you a fluffy white bathrobe to use. The room service is great and not too expensive. The staff is always very professional, helpful, and friendly. They have a nice workout room with newer cardio equipment and weights. It's close to a lot of restaurants. The entire appearance of the interior of the hotel is impressive--it looks very new and classy. It really is worth the money to stay here. I always feel safe when I travel here by myself, and it feels like I'm staying in a luxury hotel without an outrageous price.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pete1969
<Content>Nice hotel, no atmosphere The hotel was excellent and the rooms were nice and clean and modern. The only fault about the room was the view which, was not very attractive.Overall, the main plus point for this hotel is its location as it is within walking distance of the main sights of Dallas as well as lots of restaurants.The Kennedy 6th floor museum is a must and if you were into 'Dallas' the TV series then a trip to Southfork will set you back about 拢60 for 2 people.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	3	4	

<Author>DRace
<Content>Luxury, location and value all in one. We booked a room at the Fairmont due to the location of the function we were attending and the rate available on the website. For once, I was glad I did not read the recent Travelocity reviews because I might have missed this outstanding experience. From the spacious and luxurious suite for an outstanding weekend rate to the complimentary New York Times delivered to our door, this was a remakable experience in a market currently saturated with luxury hotel options. I do not know where those writing the recent reviews stayed, but there was nothing lacking in our stay. Everyone was exceptionally friendly, the room outstanding, the location fabulous and the value truly amazing. We are returning to Dallas in the near future and have already booked our return visit. We had absolutely no complaints and would encourage anyone visiting Dallas in the future to give the Fairmont a try.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>samuelroxie
<Content>Not what they advertised it to be This hotel didn't live up to what they advertised. The room had a funny smell to it, the elevators are loud, housekeeping was very rude, and the check in/check out took longer than normal. We paid to use the high speed internet but it kept going out on us.I will never ever stay at this place again.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	1	1	1	

<Author>ChgoDiver
<Content>Fairmont Should Have Its Tail Between Its Legs I stayed here in September 2006. Although I did not use all of the amenities, I can comment on the ones I did use.Property: The lobby was one of the nicer features of the hotel. It was light and airy and clean. The conference rooms were nice, but a shade antiquated. The hallways on the upper floors had a vomit inducing red pattern that was worn and outdated. The exterior of the hotel is an embarassment and was one of the larger, fuglier buildings in Dallas. No wonder Fairmont's web site only has a photo of the exterior taken during the night time. Nobody would stay there if they saw the architectural atrocity that is the Dallas Fairmont. Rooms: The rooms were quite large and clean. The bed was remarkably comfortable. My room was on a high floor so I had a pretty good view (I will withhold my comments on the Dallas skyline). Also there were some nice marble features throughout. Now for the negatives: the phone and the clock radio were old and outdated. Not surprisingly, the speaker phone feature did not properly work. The television was not modern. The furniture was clunky and looked cheap (even if it wasn't. There was no style at all in the room. It looked like the Red Roof Inn's chief designer was called in to decorate. The bathroom was Days Inn small. Although I appreciate the curved shower rod, it simply drew my attention to how small the tub actually was. I would have expected to see the same shower head and toilet at a hostel in a Soviet Communist Bloc nation. Service: Check in and check out was prompt and the staff courteous. Housekeeping was fine, but no turn down service. Although I had no real problems with the service, the extra mile service I would have expected to see at a four star hotel was not present. The service I did receive was no different than a Holiday Inn Express. Sometimes, it just takes a few welcome backs or a Can I help you with anything to separate a property from the pack. This property is merely a Marriott and Sheraton disguised as a Fairmont, along with Fairmont's rates. It was suitable and clean to say the most, but if you are looking for value, this is not the place. Fairmont really should consider starting over in Dallas. Note: Just because you don't like my review, doesn't mean that it is Not Helpful.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>AUTUMNSUN
<Content>Better late than never!!       Bedroom looking from door. (ignore stupid stance and face!)  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>dreifuerst
<Content>Not much to look at, but a great stay for the business traveler My colleague  I chose this hotel for a recent whirlwind tour of our major Dallas clients. After a long day of schmoozing one customer after another, it was nice to have someone else pampering *us*. The woman who checked us in was a bit snotty, but she was clearly new. There was a little confusion because I wanted a non-smoking room, and my colleague needed a smoking room. But a manager intervened  got it all settled. The valets  concierge staff were incredibly helpful, friendly and attentive. As we drove out each morning, the valets made a point of asking if we needed directions :)I've stayed at Fairmonts all over the world and, looks-wise, this property isn't quite up to the Fairmont Standard. The lobby is suitably luxurious, but the exterior of the towers looks more Holiday Inn. The rooms aren't much to look at, either ... I could have been staying in a Sheraton. But almost every staff person I encountered was very solicitous, and requests were handled with speed  grace.If you're a business traveler visiting downtown clients, this hotel is ideally located. We were no more than 10 blocks from any major office building, and even the Crescent Court area was just a few minutes away. This is now our default hotel for Dallas visits.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MrsYertleBoston
<Content>Absolutely pathetic from start to finish I travel a lot for work and have had better service and quality at a Days Inn. Their star rating is a joke. My experience started with a highly impersonal and grouchy check in at the front desk and continued with the following room problems: 1.) Called to request a fan for the room (I always sleep with white noise and always get a fan at hotels). Never arrived. Called again. Never arrived. Next mornning, after getting very little sleep, a man at the front desk gave me his little fan.2.) Called down upon settling into my room because of horrible cigarette smoke coming from somewhere. Confirmed I was on a non-smoking floor, but was told the floor below me is smoking. No apology, no offer to move, nothing. (Actually, they did offer to come and spray my room.)3.) Went to iron my clothes and discovered a scorched ironplate. Called to request a new one and went to dinner. Hours later, upon return, no iron. Called again and it took another hour.4.) Next morning went to make coffee in the room - coffee maker was broken. Called for a new one. They sent up a new pot - not a new maker. Not scoring ANY points by now with me.5.) Took a shower and stood in five inches of water because the drain didn't drain. Also had to do a backbend to get my head under the spray (and I'm 5'7). 6.) TV speakers are blown.7.) Maid didn't check the clock in my room - it was set to PM instead of AM, so I didn't get woken up on time my first morning here. This 5 star hotel does not have it's act together - the quality is horrendous. I will never stay or recommend a Fairmont Hotel. Go somewher else!  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lousy rooms The Fairmont claims to be a high end hotel. They are no where near a high end hotel. The Lobby is nice and attractive, however once you go up the elevator, the rooms are lousy. They are small and the walls are very thin. The first night we were there, all we could hear were the elavators going up and down, all night long. We asked to be moved to a different room, and to their credit, we were moved. The second room was less noisy, but we could still hear the elevators. The first night we could hear a noisy party out in the hallway. We got up to look, thinking there were a bunch of people right outside our door. We couldn't seem anyone, but we could hear them, just as if they were right outside our door. We just spent the last week at the Sheraton in Fisherman's Wharf, San Francisco, which is advertised as a Starwood category 3 hotel, their middle. The Sheraton was FAR nicer than the Fairmont.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>1BEACHQUEEN
<Content>Nice Hotel, Friendly  We stayed for two nights at the Fairmont in Dallas for a recent trade show. Upon our arrival we were greeted with a very friendly staff and check-in was quite efficient. The Lobby and bar area was lovely. Our room was on the 15th floor and had a view of downtown. The room had a queen bed (we requested a King), but did not complain. There was a comfortable work desk, internet access(did not use),complimentary coffee and teas in room. After a long day of travel with delays we were ready for a drink and relax in our room before meetings. The honor bar was stocked with a variety of beverages and liquors. There was also a fruit and cheese tray in the fridge which we thought was a lovely addition. However, after the discovery of another mystery container,  mold! we promptly set the containers in the hall. (gross!) The bed was most uncomfortable! We had two fretful nights of sleep! We will choose another hotel for our next stay in Dallas.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not your average fairmont!!! I just got back from staying 5 days at the Fairmont in Dallas. The hotel has a good downtown location and us right next to the Dallas Musuem of Art and close to the West End where some good restaurants are. The hotel facilities were up to Fairmont standards, however, not the nicest of the Fairmonts I have stayed in.Upon arriving from the airport during mid-day, my colleague and I received no assistance with our luggage from the bellman who was standing in the drive doing nothing. There were no other cars in the driveway either! Check-in was prompt and we got to our room which was an upgrade to a junior suite - a large room with plenty of sitting area. On our second day at the Fairmont Dallas I was out of the room until 3pm attending a conference and was a little annoyed to see the room had not been made up when I returned. I called housekeeping and told them I would be napping and since I did not have a Do Not Disturb sign in the room, please have the room attendant come back when I left for dinner. Within 10 minutes of hanging up I was awakened by the knock of a housekeeper and told her I would call down when I was ready for room to be made up. After napping for for a few hours I called down to housekeeping and told them I would be leaving for dinner and they can send someone up to clean the room. I arrived back to the hotel 2.5 hours later to see that my room still had not been made up. By now, it was already 8:15pm. I went down and spoke to manager and the front desk and told her how frustrated I was and she said she'd would take care of it. I told her I would be in the bar waiting for the room to be cleaned. While I was not looking for anything free, she should have offered to get my colleague and I a drink while we had to wait for our room to be made up!On our 3rd day at the Fairmont I was due to depart but then because of a blizzard in the Northeast, was unable to depart until two days later. The front desk was generous to extend the reservation 2 nights and keep the same rate, however, I would have to move to a regular room and vacate my junior suite - this was fine with me as I was just happy to be able to stay at the hotel longer. However, I no longer had clean clothes and it was a Sunday. I called down to the Laundry Valet department who said they could do nothing and had no suggestions. I then went to the concierge desk to see if perhaps they knew of where I could get laundry done. When at the concierge desk, the concierge in the suit was of no help - he just stood there and looked down and a bellboy had to help me. For being stuck in an unfamiliar city and staying at an upscale/luxury hotel, this is totally unacceptable. The hotel could not even suggest a coin-operated laundrymat in the general area. As a result, I was forced to take a cab ride to a mall and purchase new clothes. The lack of service and compassion regarding my situation greatly upset me and the situation was never remedied. Be careful if you stay at this hotel. While the facilities are nice enough and comfortable, the service is terrible. I stay at many hotels and generally think highly of the Fairmont chain but the Fairmont Dallas should be avoided until their service is brought up to par!!!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>kwins0113
<Content>Fantastic Fairmont Kidnapped my boyfriend for his birthday, and spent 2 wonderful nights at the Fairmont Hotel Dallas. Service was great, and the suite was fantastic. Wonderful soft robes and a very comfortable bed to sleep in. Both the lobby lounge and the Pyramid Grill had wonderful service. The hotel is close enough so you can walk to the West End, and enjoy some great restaurants, and see Dealy Plaza, the 6th Floor Museum and where Kennedy was shot. The birthday dinner was great, and they even surprised my boyfriend with a special dessert with a candle. Fabulous martini menu and excellent wine list. A very romantic piano player made the evening perfect!The concierge was extremly helpful with suggestions and directions. Would definately return!!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, Service Lacking I just got back from a conference at the Fairmont in Dallas and although the hotel is very elegant, the lobby, meeting rooms and ballrooms, restaurant all all beautiful, some of the hotel's staff could use some training.First, we put in for a wake up call that never happened on the first day. After attending a very nice evening put on by our organization, many of our group found our way into the lobby bar. All of the tables were taken, so we thought we could sit at the bar and order drinks and food. Well, after sitting there for about 5 minutes being completely ignored, we waved down the bartender (John) and asked for a menu. He threw it at us and told us that he does drinks only and we couldn't eat at the bar, even though there were no other tables. However, there was another business man sitting right next to us eating a hamburger. So we went to the front desk and complained, they just stared at us and said, sorry. So we headed over to the conceriege, where we did get directions to another restaurant to eat. I do feel that the bartender was extrememly rude and the steps once we complained were nonexistant. Housekeeping was exceptional and got a disposable razor for my friend and had maintence come up to repair our tub drain. I think this hotel is very nice, but could use some training of it's staff. Our convention went very smoothly and all of the food was wondeful! Especially the lobster bisque!!!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Experience My husband and I stayed here for a weekend get away. We had a fantastic time and were always treated like special guests. Everybody was friendly and courteous from the time we drove in until the moment we departed. When I called the concierge to ask about the location of Dakota's Steakhouse (which is also fabulous) he not only gave me directions but offered to make reservations for me. He made reservations and called me back directly to give me confirmation. Everybody seems to go out of their way to make you feel welcome and comfortable.The only thing that could have been improved was cleanliness of the pool. It is located next to the gardens which is very pretty but seems to contribute to the large amount of floaties and dirt in the pool. It wasn't horrible but definitely not inviting, my kids got in but not me! To be fair I did see a pool person with one of those pool nets cleaning it the day we left.Room service is very prompt. They tell you when you order that you can expect your meal in 20 minutes and they aren't kidding, it arrives on time every time. We ordered room service at breakfast time each day and once for a bedtime snack.The big reason I'm writing this review is to report on the rooms. If it's one thing that disappoints me when staying at a hotel it's when the hotel exterior and lobby are beautiful and you get to your room and the furniture is worn, carpet pulling up, smells stale, or just plain old and tacky looking. These rooms are absolutely beautiful. We stayed in a king suite (Mission Suite) and everything looked brand new. The beds are comfortable, and everything is clean, shiny and spotless! The bathrooms are a little on the small side but maybe that has to do with the age of the building. I think everything has been updated last year. They have a very good AAA rate which makes it pretty affordable as well.Over all a lovely stay, would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TXWV
<Content>Location great- hotel is not! Big disappointment! To begin with... Parking at this hotel is $18.00!!!!! My family and I stayed there on a weekend- we had hoped for dinner before we went out but dining room was not open until 6pm, so therefore the family (young children included) were tightly seated in the bar with only appetizers to choose from on menu. Check-in was a very long process and then check-out was even worse..after I got home I saw where they added an additional $75.00 to my bill for mini bar charges (vodka, gin and brandy) in my parents room- and they do not drink alcohol! I am still trying to get someone to help me with that one! Although the location is great- the hotel is not. I will definitly never return there again.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>1	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gorgeous hotel close to West End   showReview(3447739, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>snowbiz100
<Content>Very Nice Property   showReview(3397086, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED IT AGAIN   showReview(3350181, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel   showReview(3278842, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not very friendly   showReview(3236510, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>exmarsa
<Content>No complaints   showReview(3225625, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CanadianRambler
<Content>Texas-sized luxury   showReview(3168177, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice   showReview(2845205, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Under heavy renovation   showReview(2423710, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happycamperNewYork
<Content>why stay here?   showReview(1435252, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis grandios!   showReview(13192874, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

