<Author>Rumples
<Content>Great Location My husband and I stayed at the Regencia Colon Hotel for five nights in December 2008. The location in Barri Gotic close to the cathedral can't be beat for easy access to La Rambla, Palau de la Musica Catalana, Placa de Catalunya, excellent places to eat at many prices, the hop on/hop off bus, and much, much more.Our fifth-floor room was good sized, immaculate and had a comfortable bed and two comfortable padded chairs. Plenty of space existed for hanging and storing items. Amenities included a safe, a flat-screen TV with English channels, a hairdryer and toiletries. The room had two windows with tiny balconies that were decorative rather than useful.If noise bothers you, however, avoid this hotel or bring excellent earplugs.. Street noise that comes in includes vehicular traffic, voices of people in the cathedral area, and an amazing clatter at 1 a.m. that appears to be a trash collection service in action. Walls are paper thin so you can hear conversations, hairdryers in use and clanging showers.The hotel offers a good buffet breakfast with both hot and cold items for 11.77 euros, including tax. There are many less expensive alternatives in the neighborhood for those who don't require a lot of food in the morning. We did not consider the room rate to be good value during the Christmas period when we stayed at the hotel. Unlike other reviewers, we found the room to be high priced. That's because of the holiday rate increase when Barcelona becomes a major destination.Though the desk staff proved to be friendly and helpful, one man really pushed taking the taxi to the airport, claiming that it would be a fixed price if booked through the hotel. The price proved to be higher than what was quoted at the hotel and we found ourselves in an unpleasant situation with the taxi driver. For those who want to take a taxi, I recommend that you insist that the meter be used even if booked through the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>Weezer55
<Content>Great location! We stayed here before and after our cruise. Booked it based on other Trip Advisor comments. We were not disappointed. Took the Aerobus from the airport to Catalunya and walked to the hotel. Great location. Would definitely go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>klasf
<Content>Great value, amazing location The hotel is right behind the pricey Hotel Colon. It's on a quiet street right off the main plaza. Everything was in very close proximity - we felt like we were in the middle of it all. Also, it's about a 10 minute walk from where the airport shuttle lets off. I would definitely go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	1	

<Author>travelwise
<Content>Great Value and Location The Regencia Colon is a great budget option if you want to be situated in the heart of the Barri Gotic. The hotel itself is located right behind its more expensive sibling, the Colon so it is just steps from the Cathedral Plaza. Nicely decorated and well maintained, the hotel is up a set of about six or seven steps and has an excellent elevator. Half a short block away is Laitana, a major street running toward the harbor, and just on the other side of that is the Born with its restaurants, shops, and nightlife. If you cross the Cathedral Square in the other direction, you are in the heart of some great Barri Gotic shopping streets, the hot chocolate cafes on Calle Petritxol, and Las Ramblas (just a half block from the Boqueria). If you head away from the Cathedral, you will quickly come to the Placa Catalunya, about two to three blocks from the hotel.If you take the Aerobus from the airport to the last stop at Catalunya, you simply need to walk down Portal del Angel to the Cathedral Square, turn left, and then left again at the end of the Colon and you will be at the Regencia Colon (about ten minutes). There is a taxi stand across Laitana so it isn鈥檛 necessary to call cabs unless you need someone to pull in front for heavy bags. I always told taxis to take us back to Laitana, circa del Catedral, (very easy) and that got us right around the corner.I stayed in this hotel twice, once for a long weekend before a cruise and then for another long weekend at the end. The two rooms which I was given, 556 and 557, were next to each other on the fifth floor (which I had requested) and close to the corner where there is a partial view of of the Cathedral Square (and lots of light but not a view of the Cathedral). The rooms were identical, mirror images of each other. Decorated in chintz, each came equipped with two beds, a desk, a minibar with room to put a couple of water bottles, a safe, a place to hang clothes with very limited drawer space, and a desk chair. The room was certainly decently sized and perfectly adequate. The fifth floor has tiny balconies outside the rooms on this side of the hotel. The balconies are miniscule, but you can step out and check the weather. There are shutters on the doors which can be lowered to keep out light and the hotel uses old fashioned metal keys, which are kept at the desk. The bathroom was small, but also perfectly fine. It contained a hair dryer, a tub with shower, toilet and bidet. Everything worked. Toiletries provided included a shampoo/conditioner, shower gel, soap, and toothpaste/toothbrush kits, shower cap, and a shoe-shine cloth.The safe was quirky but worked. Instructions say to press the red button on the back of the door to reset the combination. Unfortunately, there is no red button and when you press the button that is there, you need to make sure you press and hold it sufficiently before trying to enter your new code. If you need help, one of the desk guys will come up. There are some differences between the Regencia Colon and a more expensive hotel (I stayed in the NH Duc de la Victoria last year, for example, and found the bed and bedding there of higher quality.) The Regencia Colon lacked Kleenex and there are no robes or slippers. The desk guys (Jose, Luis and David) are all very nice and try to be as helpful as possible. Just know that their knowledge can be limited (especially related to food!) We were given directions to the PANS when we wanted to go to the Bocatta one day. Victor, who does the reservations and is very efficient, seemed to have no knowledge of most of my restaurant requests. I provided him with the telephone numbers and he made the calls (I had written to the hotel several weeks in advance to make the reservations, but they said there had been computer problems and they hadn鈥檛 received the requests.) If you do your homework and simply need help with the map, you鈥檒l be okay or if you want suggestions for the neighborhood, they can help. We also asked for extra towels and pillows and received these without any problem. At these prices you can鈥檛 expect first rate concierge-quality help.As many have commented, the rooms at the front of the hotel are just off the Cathedral Square, which often features loud music blared through speakers and a variety of concerts. The Cathedral clock chimes every fifteen minutes. People can be noisy and the noise seems to carry very easily. We also noted the arrival of the garbage trucks sometime early (or maybe in the middle of the night) on the first morning we were there. The big problem is that the room in November was stifling hot. Since you can鈥檛 control the heat (and apparently once the hotel turns it on, it stays on until the month they turn it off), you are forced to open the doors or windows. While this solves the temperature problem, it means you will need ear plugs if you are a light sleeper. Since I have no trouble going back to sleep, it was a minor problem for me, but I can see how it would be a big problem for others.There is plenty of eating close by. You can walk to virtually all of the Barri Gotic eateries and those in the Born. For breakfast, there is a PANS and a Bocatta two minutes away, Neyras is around the corner, and best of all, the Boqueria is an easy walk away for a memorable breakfast. Don't miss the Boqueria -- it's a fabulous market just for sightseeing.The front desk sells Hop On Hop Off bus tickets for the same price you pay at the Catalunya hub. If you buy at the hotel, you can get on the Blue Route bus right across Laitana and do the entire loop without having to stand on line at Catalunya. If you want the Red Route, you simply transfer at the first transfer point, which is the Gaudi houses 鈥?La Padrera and Casa Bottilo (the first stop for the Red Route). As many have said, the HOHO bus is the best way to do the sights in Barcelona. We paid 26 euros for two consecutive days (the cost is 23 euros for one day at the moment). You can stay on the bus and get an overview, get off at the stops that interest you and ride the buses as many hours as you like. We paid different rates for different nights at the Regencia Colon (it was significantly cheaper at the end of November than it had been two weeks before but I think it also depends on the cruise schedules since many of their clients seemed to be cruisers.) I booked through the hotel website and we paid in euros at the end of each stay, which worked well for us since the value of the dollar was significantly better when we paid than when we booked! On the whole, other than the noise problem, this is an excellent pick if you want to save money and be in a great location.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Jinglegirl_8
<Content>Great service and location! This hotel had a terrific location just across from the Gothic Cathedral. Our room was small but neat and clean. Based on the reviews I had read of hotels in Spain, I actually expected it to be smaller, so I was pleasantly surprised. The service was outstanding. All of the people at the front desk were exceptional and spoke good English. Victor was particularly helpful. The airline had lost some of our luggage and upon check-in when we told Victor about it, he started working on it for us. He had one piece delivered before we went to bed that night. The other piece is still missing but that is another story. Overall, we couldn't have been more pleased with our hotel stay.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Letsgo75
<Content>Close to most things. The Regencia Colon was close to most things I needed. You can walk to the waterfront, Las Ramblas, or even the Sagrada Familia. The staff were friendly and helped with booking some days trips for me.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>HopTheWorld
<Content>Perfect Location! The best part of this hotel is its location, especially given the price. It's located directly behind its more expensive big brother the Hotel Colon, and they share many of the same items (towels, toiletries). It's right in the Cathedral Square, within walking distance of everything - Picasso Museum, more than half a dozen various plazas, the drop off site of the airport shuttle, la Rambla, and near multiple metro lines. The service was fine, the rooms clean, including the bathroom. The size of the rooms was small, but comparable to other European hotel rooms of similar price. The concierge service was also very helpful - booking restaurant dinners and a flamenco show for us. I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>rummyuk
<Content>good location but noisy Location perfect, hotel clean and staff speak good english. However, poor breakfast choice and too noisy (from outside), so the insulation needs improving. Also, at times a lot of noise from adjacent rooms  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>NapoliRaffaele
<Content>Beautiful Hotel and good location. I am very pleased with the hotel. The room was a good size and clean. The service was outstanding. The people at the desk were very pleasant and helpful and friendly. The location was excellent, near the Cathedral.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>martymc1
<Content>Loved The Regencia The Regencia is probably one of the best hotels I have stayed in. The staff were extremely helpfull and nothing was too much trouble for them. Its location is superb, just a few mins from the Rambala and the Playa De Catalyuna. The Rambalas can get very noisy at night so this was ideal, just far enough away from the noise. The hotel was very clean and extremely well kept. There are plenty of lovely cafe's shops and restaurants around the area so you wont have to travel far to eat if you don't want to base your self in the hotel all the time. I would reccomend this hotel to everyone. I would definitley stay there again when (not if) I go back to Barcelona. Don't forget to try the steaks in the Hard Rock Cafe while visiting the city. Stay in the Regencia Colon. You wont be disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kababs
<Content>Great hotel, great location We had a wonderful stay at this hotel both pre and post cruise. the location can't be beat! There was some noise at night but we were so tired it didn't bother us a bit.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MitziOC
<Content>Good pre-cruise stay!       Bathroom  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tessea
<Content>Wonderful location I have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Regencia Colon. Everything about the hotel was exactly what we expected. The room was above average and the bathroom was spacious. The location was absolutely perfect and allowed us to walk to most areas.The noise was an issue at night, but we were forwarned.Can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>LondonTJ
<Content>Great location Great location near beautiful cathedral. Many restaurants close by. Port Olimpic 2 stops away by tube for fun young bars, beach and lovely seafood restaurants. Bus Touristic well worth 26 euros for two day pass - can hop on and off as you please.Hotel staff are very friendly and happy to help, rooms comfortable and clean. Cable car up to the castle is beautiful - great view.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Brightontravels
<Content>My Little Gem Second time here and Third planned for 09! I love this hotel, The staff are great, the hotel itself is great, The rooms are great! And the location is fantastic!! Would recommend this to anyone!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Texas7
<Content>Good Stay at Regencia Stayed two nights at Regencia after a cruise. Expected the noise to be awful after reading previous reviews; however, the noise was not nearly as bad. I had brought earplugs - just in case. Apparently we arrived at the beginning of a holiday weekend (St. John's) and was told by locals that the noise in Barcelona that weekend would be outrageous and go all night long but we had no problems with noise thankfully. Also, dined at Estruch and had no problems as a previous poster did -- maybe we were lucky or he/she was just unlucky. Ate at Catedral restaurant at Hotel Colon and enjoyed a really good meal facing the plaza. Hotel Regencia Colon was small, nicely run and maintained, staff was pleasant and helpful. Very clean. Nothing fancy but in a good location, nice and clean accommodations and made for an enjoyable stay for a few days.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FLJ20
<Content>Regencia was Very Good       Regencia Colon Hote  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>pchTexas
<Content>great location We loved the location of the Regencia Colon, near the Cathedral and Las Ramblas. The front desk staff was helpful, especially in helping us to avoid getting caught in a city-wide taxi strike by pre-booking our cab. Our room was spacious and bathroom lovely! this hotel is the twin to the more deluxe Colon (right next door), but without some of the extras. We did miss having internet access and a breakfast included, but there are so many possibilities for eating the the neighborhood that it was not too much of an inconvenience. This hotel is a great value in a spectacular city, and you are right in the middle of it all!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cix
<Content>Location, location, location My wife and I looked for a moderately priced hotel in the heart of Barcelona, and Regencia Colon did not disappoint. Location can't be beat! Room was fresh and clean, larger than what one usually finds in the old parts of other European cities. Bathroom was modern  clean. Staff was accomodating and friendly. Naturally, being in the middle of the touristy barri gotic, there was some noise from the street - but nothing out of the ordinary (and since we're on the topic, I always carry a pair of earplugs which on many occasions saved the day - or should I say the night).All in all, I'd stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cbee201
<Content>Confirmed reservation, but no room available when we arrived I reserved two rooms several months in advance and confirmed them via email one week before arrival. Nonetheless, we were apologetically told by the staff that they had overbooked and had no rooms available and were transferring us to its sister hotel Colon. Unfortunately, the Colon Hotel rooms turned out to be run down, with stained upholstery, linens, and carpeting, no air conditioning, and an old, lumpy bed. We found a new hotel. I never saw the rooms at the Regencia, so I can't comment on them (the lobby was simple but clean), but the experience was disappointing and stressful as we scrambled to find an acceptable hotel.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	4	-1	3	3	-1	

<Author>eniddly
<Content>Excellent location This hotel is in an excellent location just near the cathedral, fabulous base for seeing all the sights.The noise mentioned by others is quite incredable really but I can't see how it would be much different in any other hotel......Barcelona is by far the noisiest place I have ever ever been but once you get used to it you hardly notice it. Ear plugs might be a good idea for light sleepers as the bin men have to be heard to be believed  once heard you aren't getting back to sleep!Our room was a good size, the bathroom was large too and both were clean and tidy. They were also cleaned every day. Staff all very friendly and speak good english so no concerns at all really. Would definately recommend this hotel to anyone planning a trip and will certainly stay there again when we go back to Barcelona.On a slight side note and not to do with the hotel, generally the aquarium in Barcelona is really heavily advertised and all the tour operators try to push tickets. We did go and would never do this again, it might just have been bad timing but with the 10 or so school groups that were there we couldn't get anywhere near most of the displays and when we did we found them to be dirty and far too small for the majority of the fish inside. Aside from the sscreeching of hundreds of children which is never my favourite thing we found the conditions a bit distressing, particularly the octopusses which did not have anything to hide behind or interact with in their bare tank and just smashed their heads against the glass. Avoid, it's horrible.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DUBinNYC
<Content>Great location and Staff Stayed at this great hotel for 3 nights. The front desk staff are great, very friendly and helpful. All have good English, but let us speak as much Spanish as we attempted! We arrived in the morning and they checked us into our room early.The rooms are basic, but comfortable and very clean. We spent a lot of time outside, so basically just used hotel for sleeping. They also have safe deposit in the room.The location, as others have mentioned, is fantastic. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>RecaLondon
<Content>Long weekend Just back from our stay at the Regencia Colon. Thought value for money it was great. Right in the centre of town, everything you could want to see within easy walking or metro distance.Room was very clean. Hairdryer in bathroom. Flat screen TV in room.Was a little noisy from the rubbish collections at night, but really this is to be expected when you are in the centre of a big city.We never book a hotel anywhere now without checking it out on Trip Advisor, which we did with this hotel and were not disappointed.Also did our homework on restaurants before we went and had some of the best meals we have had in Europe.We will stay at the Regencia Colon again when we next go back to Barcelona, which cannot come soon enough.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>JFloss
<Content>Not The pictures on the web site must come from another place and time. The room was small and the furniture shabby. It was very clean and the beds comfortable. The one positive was that you had no desire to hang out in your room because it was so wonderful. And take heed to the warnings about the street noise at night. The building is very old and has thin plate glass windows. But there is a pharmacy just around the corner that sells ear plugs. Good location - walking distance to just about all of the attractions.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alvarezgranda
<Content>Best quality- price value This hotel is a million times better and cheaper that the Colon one. I have been in both and I can say that this one should be the 4 star one. The rooms are big, clean, with lots of decoration and most of them have a balcony.The staff is very friendly and helpfull. The restaurant is quite good too.The location is unbeatable, right in front of the Cathedral.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Arthur230
<Content>Great location! Very nice staff!       flowers  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alan_ni
<Content>Unbeatable Location I spent 5 nights in this hotel and would highly recommend it. The location of the hotel is fantastic. It is situated adjacent to the square in front of the cathedral. A beautiful setting with restaurants and cafes nearby. I also found the immediate area around the hotel a lot more relaxed and safer than La RamblaIt is less than a 10 minute walk to Placa de Catalunya which is where the buses from the airport stop. It is also just a few minutes walk from a stop on the Bus Turistic route. La Rambla and the metro station Juame are also close by.The only downside of the hotel is the street noise at night. However I believe this is a problem with most hotels in central Barcelona. Indeed the street noise wasn't as bad as at another hotel I had previosly stayed in while in Barcelona. If you close the window and pull the shutter down it does make a difference in Regencia Colon Hotel.The room we had cost 75 Euros per night and this was excellent value given the location and the quailty of the hotel. Breakfast is an extra 10.70 Euros. The breakfast is a buffet consisting of scrambled egg, cocktail sausages, bacon, cold meat, cheese, fruit, yogurt, cereal, bread, pastry, juice, tea and coffee. The breakfast was good although slightly expensive at 10.70 Euros.We also dined in the Hotel restaurant which is located in the sister Colon Hotel across the street. There was a decent selection of food on the menu and we thoroughly enjoyed our meal. We were also served a complimentary glass of champagne which was a nice touch.Our room was spacious and clean and indeed was cleaned each day. There was also a decent LCD Television in the room with a selection of channels.The ensuite bathroom was of average size. Shower gel, shampoo and dental kits were supplied in the bathroom on a daily basis.The staff in the hotel were very friendly and helpful.I really enjoyed my stay in the hotel and would certainly look to stay here again if I'm ever back in Barcelona.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>nursepower10
<Content>Good location, had to find from the directions My husband and I stayed here in October. We booked the hotel through the hotel's website, the rates were good. Directions seemed simple enough, even searched different directions. Unfortunately, this hotel is very hard to find. There are two different metro stops you can take, but no directions once you are out on the street. We even had a map. We found the hotel by accident, we were actually in the courtyard of the huge church and looked up! Once we found it, it was very easy to locate again, the hotel is actually in a great location from other sites.The hotel is booked as having a lift (for those who are handicapped), but it neglects to say that you have to walk up more than 6 steps to get to the reception area.The hotel staff is very pleasant and helpful, and assisted us with our bags. Our room was very nice, clean, and a good value as compared with other hotels in the area.The hotel is walking distance to Las Ramblas, two metro stops, and the main shopping area. I would recommend this hotel, but for those who cannot walk up steps, it would be a bad choice, as I didn't see another entrance to get to the reception area. Adriennepollack@yahoo.com  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Claymoreruss
<Content>Great location Excellent location across from Cathedral a few metres off a main square in Gothic Quater of Barcelona. La Rambla is only a short walk away up interesting side streets. Bus Turistic stop  taxis within 50 metres, metro stop within 200 metres. Great helpful staff  comfortable rooms. Barcelona is a city with something for everyone  only a philistine would not be stunned by the Sagrida Familia. Great transport systems available  bus from airport stops in Catalonia square only 250 metres walk through a main shopping street  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrewingRover
<Content>Perfect location and great price We stayed here for three nights and absolutely loved it. The desk clerk told us that we were in the very best location in Barcelona when we checked in and after three days we agreed. The hotel is an easy walk to Placa Catalunya, which is an airport bus stop, and right on the edge of the Bari Gotic, which is loaded with restaurants and shops. It's also close to the Metro, La Barceloneta and its beach and Las Ramblas.The room was large for a two-star hotel and very clean. We faced the street, which was noisy, but we came prepared with earplugs after reading about noise in general in Barcelona. The staff were helpful and polite and indulged my wife's attempts to use her high school Spanish (actually, she did very well). We did not have the breakfast buffet but it looked good. There are a lot of coffee bars that do pastries and breakfast sandwiches in the area for less. Don't miss Neyras Restuarant on Via Laietana for dinner. I would stay here again with no hesitation. I don't think you can get such a great combination of price and location elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lagunamarie
<Content>PERFECT Location! This hotel is truly within walking distance to Plaza Catalunya and Jaume metro stations, which made it extremely easy to get anywhere else in the city. It is almost directly behind Snata Creu, which is nice. Our room faced the street and it wasn't noisy at night. We were there Oct 29-Nov 1, 2007. The front desk staff were helpful and friendly. Occasionally, we heard plumbers working on the pipes, but it was during the day, and not distracting. The only negative, if you can call it that, was lack of internet access. You had to go across the alley to their sister hotel Hotel Colon, to use the WiFi. Even then, it was unreliable. I HIGHLY recommend La Locanda restaurant, which is very close to the Regencia Y Colon. Great food, decent prices. I'm still craving their gnocchi pesto!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	1	

<Author>DFWgal
<Content>Good value This hotel is a great value. We paid 70 euro for a room with twin beds - what a deal! The location is amazing - it's an easy walk to all the sights, to the Ramblas, and to the main square. I would not recommend the breakfast - it costs 10 euro and is not very good - we opted for McDonald's, which is right down the street. The front desk is very very helpful with tours, restaurants, etc. The hotel feels very safe and secure. I would DEFINITELY recommend this hotel for the location and the staff and the value! The only con is that the walls are paper thin, so if you are a light sleeper, bring earplugs.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>PJ_eLiverpool
<Content>I like it, but it is a little noisy There wasn't much wrong with this hotel for me and my family (wife and two and a half year old son) except that it was a little noisy of a night.The room (Triple room) was a good size and the airconditioning was good and effective. The bathroom was a little cozy but functional and not a problem for us.We didn't partake of breakfast as we prefered to eat out. (there's sso many eateries nearby!)The staff were excellent and spoke good English as well as putting up with my garbled attempts to speak to them in Spanish.The only fault really was that of a night there was a lot of noise from outside, both people, traffic and particularly (it seemed) bin wagons and deliveries. We were on the first floor (Primera Planta) so this may be less of a problem higher up.Location can't be faulted - right next to the cathedral and within easy walking distance of Placa Catalunya and also Port Vell.I wouldn't knock the hotel - jus ask for a higher floor, take ear plugs or have a few drinks to help you sleep!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>Eljak
<Content>Good location,very clean,very reasonable Just returned from four days in this hotel.It is just off the Cathedral Square, and most places`are very accessible.Our room was spotlessly clean, had a flat screen TV with Sky News and CNN plus a mini-bar and air conditioning.We had a room on the first floor at the front which overlooked a small street with the Colon Hotel opposite.The buffet breakfast had plenty of choice although it was the same each day.The reception staff were all very pleasant and helpful and most spoke good English.It could be slightly noisy at night but this may have been because we preferred to have the window slightly open! I would reccomend this hotel to any-one wanting a reasonably priced hotel in the centre of Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OceanLiz
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Great hotel located in a perfect location for exploring the city. The room was clean and spacious for a European hotel. Room had a minibar/fridge which was great for storing leftover meat, cheese, and fruit from the market. On a side note, if you have an extra day and want to go to the beach, take the train to Sitges. It's about a 40 min ride and costs only 4 or 5 euros round trip. You can rent cabanas and beach chairs for 18 euro for the day. It is a fabulous little beach town!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>VaniaBrazil
<Content>Regencia Colon - a very cosy hotel in Barcelona For the price we paid for this hotel, it is more than GREAT! Location is excellent, within a walking distance to the Ramblas, Museu of Picasso, the plaza where all the tours depart etc, staff is very nice and really want to serve you. We loved it!!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>waelfarhat
<Content>Great Hotel plus great location I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights since july 27.The room was a corner room (459), had a direct view to the cathedral square.The room was daily clean.it has a safe and an LCD TV.the breakfast had a wide varaity.The staff were extremely helpful,THANKS.they offered us map of the city and metro.The location is superb.1 minute from the cathedral square,5 minutes from the ramblas and the main shopping streets of barcelona.Also it is a very short walk from Jaume1 metro station where you can catch the metro to the beach(2 stops).I would defenetly stay in this hotel when i am back in barcelona.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>deannsegal
<Content>great hotel This is a small hotel, a sister to the Hotel Colon. It is a block from the Cathedral in Barrio Gotico. The staff is multi-lingual, very helpful and friendly. The rooms were great. Our friends had a room with a large terrace where we sat at night with wine and tapas. We had a triple room with our teen aged son. The room was large for European standards at a great price. We were a short walk from Las Ramblas, and the Plaza de Catalu帽a. There are plenty of restaurants in the area. This hotel is a great value for the money and we can't wait to return.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>km_77
<Content>Great location, helpful staff Stayed in Regencia Colon for 3 night in 01/07. Its in a great location (bang in the middle of the Gothic Quarter) only minuted from the La Ramblas.The staff were also extremely helpful ,given the reputation British tourists have in Spain.One review had mentioned the noise at night but we did not find it a problem (things might be different in summer)Would definitely stay there again next time we are in Barcelona.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Movadoman
<Content>Great value hotel in an even better location Stayed with wife and friends for a long weekend at the end of July.Hotel is excellent value for money. Located behind its sister hotel, the Hotel Colon in the Gothic Quarter and only 200 metres from the Cathedral and 250 metres from the Via Laetana. The rooms were clean, spotless, well-decorated and appointed rooms but a little on the small side. The room plans shown on the fire escape diagram seemed to indicate that there were bigger rooms available, but unfortunately for us the hotel was full. Next time we will contact the hotel directly and arrange to be allocated a bigger room.Beds were very comfortable, air conditioning was very effective and shower superb. Towels were changed every day and sheets every other day.Any room limitation was more than compensated by the exceptional location, helpful and friendly staff and the excellent buffet breakfasts. There was even an in-room safe to store your valuables.We would recommend this hotel staying for 3-5 nights in wonderful Barcelona.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>monkeykieran
<Content>Great place - ask for the room with a terrace Just ask for the one room that has a private terrace, thats what I did, it didnt cost me any more than a standard room and was absolutely perfect! the staff were more than friendlt, it was very very comfortable with great air con, and i was recommended by the manager a fantastic local restaurant, im sure he'd oblige and assist.The location speaks for itself, right next to the cathedral, but behind the hotel colon so it's pretty quiet too! (mind you it backs on to a very very busy main road (but doesnt everywhere) so when the window or in our case terrace door is open it's pretty busy sounding.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>FLJtodd
<Content>Bad customer service experience First, I thought the property was a good value for the money in central Barcelona. The rooms were relatively clean and surprisingly quiet givent the location. The location is excellent for tourists and within walking distance of the cathedral, museums, Las Ramblas, etc.It was nice of the hotel to provide a one-page summary of tips to avoid crime in Barcelona.We had two major problems with the hotel that I'd like to share and these are the reasons for the poor rating.1) We were put in a room 2 doors from a room (suite?) that was being renovated and the work started at 8 AM sharp. The hotel never mentioned this fact and I know they had other rooms available. We were so tired at the time that we did not push for a change. But, the jackhammering (yes...) started at 8 am. 2) We initially parked in front of the hotel in a pedestrian mall area in order to unload luggage. There was other car traffic in the area but we weren't sure we could park there so we immediately asked the hotel if we should move the car. The hotel staff assured us it was fine and suggested we go to the room and wait for luggage. We asked numerous times if this was OK and they repeatedly said not to worrry. From our room, we saw the police arrive and ticket the car. We then received a call from the front desk stating that 'you have a ticket and you'll have to pay'. We couldn't believe it. We pleaded with the hotel to pay the ticket or at least compensate us for parking but no luck. They said it was our fault. Interestingly, when we asked for the car the next morning the hotel bellboy parked in the same exact location. We hurriedly left the hotel to avoid another ticket as we were sure that would be 'our fault' as well.I really couldn't believe the hotel would hang us out to dry like that. There was no sympathy or understanding that they put us in that situation - they actually admitted that they did but that 'people usually don't get tickets there'. I think this demonstrates an incredible lack of either training or common sense.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>1	3	3	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>SydneyWineLover
<Content>Great sightseeing place to stay My fiance and I stayed 3 nights. Great priced rooms for a fantastic location for sightseeing, nothing is far away which means that when you have had enough you are only a short trip from your bed. We had a corner room on the 5th floor, it was clean, a good size, great shower with views to the Cathedral. Staff were more friendly after we attempted to speak Spainish. Unfortunately, there was no kettle to make your own tea/coffee, also, if you are a light sleeper pack ear-plugs. But I reckon that is a feature of Barcalona, not just the hotel.For breakfast we avoided the tourist restaurants and headed to the amazing market off Las Ramblas for coffee and tortilla, very cheap when sitting at the bar/counter. Avoid the restaurants in the Cathedral Square (and Las Ramblas), absolute rip off. We wanded off round the back streets and found a tapas place in a square with fantastic food and realistic prices. With regards to the pick-pocket warnings you read about, we did not see anything to worry about. If you are street smart you will have (hopefully!!) have no problems.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>CheapTravel
<Content>Warm, personal service       Bathroom  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rdgcmg
<Content>Great location The hotel is in the Gothic Quarter near the Cathedral. The location is perfect for sightseeing. We stayed 5 nights for $135 a night. Considering the cost and location the hotel was a bargain. We had a large corner room. Not only was the bed comfortable, but both the room and bathroom were spacious and immaculate. The hotel staff cheerfully made our dinner reservations, arranged wake up calls, and arranged for taxi pickup to the airport.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OutofBrazil
<Content>Lots of street noise I had stayed at the Colon many years ago when in Barcelona on business. Therefore the Regencia Colon attrracted my attention as I liked the Colon. Both hotels are very well located in the heart of the city with public transporation near by and the famous Rambla just a few minutes away on foot.The hotel is lovely with a good sized room, a nice bathroom, a helpful front office crew, and a very good breakfast for 10 Euros. Barcelona is an expensive city so 135 Euros for a double seemed reasonable.I would suggest that one find a quieter place if sleeping is a priority. Revelers, garbage trucks and construction never ceased. Other than that, the hotel is fine.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RHHATL
<Content>Okay but Hotel Mont Blanc better Decent rate of 115 euro for single room with no breakfast. Location was good, rooms okay. Unfortunately there is something about being in or near a square and having windows facing the activity. The occasional loud people during the night were not as irritating as thegarbage trucks dumping cans of glass bottles late at night or EARLY in the morning. Then the construction work begins early most every morning. The windows are old and new thermopane windows would most likely diminish the level of disturbance from the outside. We stayed the 2nd half of our stay up the street at the Hotel Mont Blanc which charged 103 euro per single room and that included one of the best breakfasts I've ever had in Europe. The hotel had a computer with internet available in the lobby if you didn't have your own computer (Regencia had internet if you had your own computer with you).  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	4	4	1	

<Author>BlythCashier
<Content>We said that we would be back and we have been My husband and myself return home yesterday after a 4 night stay at the Regencia Colon Hotel. We stayed there last year and decided that if we went back to Barcelona we would stay at the Regencia. Everything was as it was last year. We even had the same room! The only slight hitch was that for the first 24hours the heating was off. A little moan and groan and Hey Presto the heating was on.This is a well situated, clean, friendly hotel. Ladies there is no need to take a hairdryer or shampoo. There are even packets with a toothebrush and toothpaste in them. What more do you want? We wouldn't dream of staying anywhere else. It is well worth a try. Excellent value for money. A good stay. We will be back again next year.For 3 rashers of bacon, 2 fried eggs, 1 slice of toast with butter 4euro 90 cents at the Licra cafe come restaurant (coffee extra) next to the hotel of the same name on the Ramblas. Very enjoyable.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SuePhoenix
<Content>Few comments on this hotel..only complaint was I could not have been more pleased with Regencia Colon. The location was absolutely perfect, the hotel was clean, the staff was helpful and the 10 E buffet breakfast was decent and convenient. I, too, had trouble with their website, but when I contacted a travel agent, she was able to get me the room I wanted at the correct price, and the hotel paid her commission. The one complaint I had was the recommendation of the front desk staff for a Flaminco show. They hand out these pamphlets for Tablao Cordobes. I was awful. We felt as if we had just been ripped off my a bunch of gypsies.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>finandcath
<Content>Fantastic Location What a brilliant hotel, right in the centre of Barcelona. 4 of us stayed at this hotel for 3 nights the staff were so helpful and always there on hand when you needed them. The rooms were very clean, modern and suited our needs. Just a few minutes walk from Las Ramblas, which we found very expensive to have a snack and a few drinks, better sticking to the restaurant at the top of the street near the hotel. The hotel was very handy for the tour bus, and we also went on the Catamaran tour of Barcelona. Lovely city and would return and stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fran22w
<Content>First class on a budget What a wonderful surprise. This hotel situated just behind it's posher big sister The Colon Hotel was perfect. The standards of cleanliness and service were second to none. Bed linen and towels were changed daily. The service was both professional and friendly. The staff at the front desk went that little bit further to make our stay so pleasant. Location wise it was perfect, quiet yet central. Have already recommended this to friends  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elizajanec
<Content>Loved it! Fantastis hotel, fantastic location, fantastic city.Rooms luxurious (with slippers in the bathroom!) and on a lovely pedestrianised square outside of the cathedral (not Gaudis - don't stay there!)Definately stay here. It's lovely. We didn't take the breakfat option so can't comment.Very nice bar in the entrance.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MarkieG
<Content>2nd visit in 6 weeks - Loved it more thsi time!!       Corridor in room with bathroom on left  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nemesis75
<Content>Great Location Friendly Staff! I was quite amazed with the reviews of people travelling at the same period in Barcelona and stayed at the hotel on the same dates. We spent one week at the Regencia Colon, the first week of January. Although we didn't speak any catalan or castellan spanish but only english we were warmly greeted. The receptionists gave us a map, directions and plenty of information on what to see etc. They also recommended places to eat (a restaurant near urquinaona sq. which was very nice) and even made reservations for us.The rooms were in a good status for a three star hotel, I would say better than I expected, it had an lcd television, a minibar and the bathroom was in a good condition, plus the towels and toiletries were being changed daily. I have to say we booked directly at the hotel's site and got a price of 60 euros for a double room, without breakfast. Needless to say it was a great price for such a big and lovely room. Outdoors, in the small cafes around the hotel you could get breakfast at very low prices. An espresso doesn't cost more than 1.2 euro and a caffe leche (cafelatte, coffee with milk) doesn't cost more than 1,5, average.The location of the hotel was absolutely fantastic, everything is max. a 10 minutes walk from the entrance of the hotel, all the markets, stores, museums ecc. We bought the T-10 card for metro, bus etc. instead of 10 single tickets, but in a week we hardly used all of them. We went everywhere on foot. Another pro of this hotel is that it is not situated in a main road, or a paved area, so at night, when tourists drink and get happy, you cannot really hear them :) We never had any problem sleeping, our room was in the 3rd floor.The only drawback of this hotel was that the heating on the last 2 days was higher than it should be, taken into consideration that those days were quite warm in Barcelona, warmer than average January.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>cottonfoo
<Content>Service so bad I didn't even manage a reservation I haven't stayed there, and I don't think I ever will despite the glowing reviews.Was recommended by my best mate at the weekend so I tried to reserve a room online. Their website doesn't use any form of strong encryption so if that worries you, book over the phone. It won't even work with most popular browsers - that is if their booking engine is up and running, which it isn't a lot of the time.You may run into some stumbling blocks on the phone though, such as reception being uninterested, cutting me off three times, putting me through to a non-existent reservation section that doesn't answer, emails going unanswered despite being told to mail them my details, their online form being ignored, then finally being told on the phone to call back in a few days when it's not so busy.I guess if they're that apathetic to getting customers they can do without me because if I pay that much for a room, I expect them to jump when I try to reserve one :)  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Big-Penguin
<Content>Not the best hotel but great location Fantastic location, could not be better. The hotel itself is the sister hotel to the Colon, which is right next door - and far better value for money, with friendlier staff. In the Regencia Colon - if your spanish you will get served straight away, if not, expect to be ignored whilst the locals are served before you. The hotel rooms are tired and the heat in the rooms is far to hot, air conditioning is switched off in the winter months so you have to leave the windows open, which makes for a very noisy nights sleep.We have stayed several times in Barcelona and love the place. I would strongly recommend the Apsis Atrium Palace Hotel - great hotel with very friendly staff.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	2	1	

<Author>cam1001
<Content>Book. NOW!       Our room  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>bori
<Content>Great Location!!! We stayed at this hotel after reading the reviews posted here. And we have to stay that we loved our stay!!! The hotel is located close to the Cathedral and walking distance to most of the major attractions (Picasso Museum, Las Ramblas, Boqueria Market) and the Metro Station(Juame). The hotel staff is very friendly. Our room was very comfortable and above all clean. We would definitely would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>craiggsx
<Content>Excellent value I stayed here at the end of november after reading the reviews, I payed 鈧?00 per night for a double room and it was excellent value. The staff are very helpfull, the rooms clean and bright with good bathrooms, mini bar which is not too over priced, LCD TV and air con. The pix of the front of the hotel is a little deceptive, it actually faces buildings all round so ask for a room on the 5th floor or higher to get the bet of natural light, but the lack of real view is the only draw back with this hotel.The hotel is less than 100 meters from the Cathedral square which is lively at night with street theatre and music which you can watch from a table outside one of the tapas bars, great.I found no problems with noise, again a room at high level may have helped with this.The location is very very good, all the streets around the Gothic area lead back to the Cathedral square.I will definately stay here again and the sooner the better.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>sasrah
<Content>Great location, good value for money I booked this hotel after reading reviews here. It IS a great location. The staff ARE very helpful. Frankly we had no problem with the noise. We did not hear anything out of the ordinary for a city hotel room. One thing that is not mentioned on the hotel web site and I did not see in any of the reviews is that the hotel has an agreement with the parking lot right near the cathedral. So instead of costing us close to 30 euros a day it cost us 16 euros a day and if we had wanted to we could have had an access card which let us leave and enter the parking lot as we wanted during our stay. We did not use the car in the city as public transport here was very easy to use and convenient. The only thing I disliked was the double bed being 2 twins pushed together. But that is fairly common and expected so not really a real issue. I would definetly stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>KellyC
<Content>Great Location, Perfect stay Stayed at the Regencia Colon in August 2006 at the recommendation of a friend. The location was absolutely perfect. We could walk nearly everywhere and there is a taxi stand within 1 minute of the hotel. We had the triple room shown in the hotel photos section. It was exactly like it appears. The wall not shown is a large built in cabinet with a closet, many drawers and a flat screen tv. The room was very spacious for three people. And the bathroom was very nice and was one of the few in Europe that I did not manage to flood.I did not feel that the noise was too much. I slept very well and was never woken from noise on the street.The staff was very helpful and provided us with extra towels when asked, helped with a cab to the airport and recommendations and directions around town.Would definitely stay here again when in Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>brighty15
<Content>Great hotel - would definitely stay there again! We stayed at the Hotel Regencia Colon for a long weekend in August and thought it was lovely. We had read some reviews on TripAdvisor before we went so felt the stay could go either way but we honestly thought the hotel and staff were fantastic. Upon our arrival, one of the first things which struck us was the amazing location - Barcelona Catherdral was outside our out bedroom window. After we had checked in, the receptionist took time to give us plenty of information about the local area (including getting taxis, the nearest metro stations and offering to book us restaurants whenever we wanted to go out), as well as giving us a huge map on which he circled all of the sites in Barcelona which we should visit, as well as writing on the metro lines we needed to take to get there. From then on, whenever we went to reception, they were always willing to help.The room was lovely - it was always clean and was a perfect size for us. We also had breakfeast in the hotel every morning although the one drawback of this was that they didn't indicate we had to pay for it, and we got a large bill at the end of our stay. Ultimately however, I would definitely go back and stay there again!!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cavill-Kotey
<Content>Fantastic location. Great hotel. Lovely room. My partner and I stayed at the Regencia Colon for 7 nights at the end of August. The location is fantastic, right in the centre of the Gothic Quarter and within 10 minutes walk to Placa de Catalunya, Las Ramblas and the habour. The nearest metro station (Jaume 1) is just a few minutes walk away.We had a huge double room which was newly decorated and had a fridge and a safe. We were in a corner room and had a view of the Le Seu cathedral from one of our bedroom windows. The en-suite bath/shower room was very clean and we couldn't have asked for better. The room was air-conditioned with a TV, radio, telephone and mini-bar.The staff were extremely friendly and helpful in every way. We had breakfast in the hotel just one morning. The choice available was good and was set out as a buffet so you could eat as much as you liked, but at 10euro per person we couldn't eat enough to warrant the cost and went to one of the many nearby cafes for a croissant instead.There's lots of good places to eat in close proximity to the hotel and a great food market (Mercat de la Boqueria) on the Ramblas selling plenty of fresh fruit.As several other reviewers have mentioned there is noise from the surrounding areas, but if you've ever lived in a busy town/city centre then this is to be expected. On the positive side, double glazed windows were being fitted just as we left so it should be less of an issue for future visitors.I'll definitely stay in this hotel again next time I visit Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>1love2travel
<Content>Great location, a little noisy. I stayed at the Regencia Colon for 3 nights at the end of July. While the location of this hotel definitely can't be beat, I do have to agree with other reviews in that it was pretty noisy when you wanted to sleep and I am definitely not a light sleeper. Besides the church bell going off at random times, there was some sort of orchestra band that played outside the cathedral first thing Sunday morning. Not so pleasant when we had all been out very late the night before. The rooms itself were very clean and simple but also a little outdated. They did have a small fridge and a safe in the room though which was very convenient. You have to hand in your keys to the front desk everytime you leave the room and ask for them when you return which was fine since there was always someone there. It's about a 10 mins walk up to the Aerobus bus stop that takes you to the airport. There is a really great restaurant that serves tapas on a stick next to a ice cream shop in the square outside the church. I definitely recommend that, and the ice cream isn't bad either. Pans Bread is also right around the corner and great for breakfast. The Hop on/Hop off bus is probably the best way to see all the sites of the city.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Harm-and-Sharon
<Content>Perfect location! This hotel is perfectly located in the Gothic quarter. It is very near to metro station Jaume and in about 10 minutes you can walk to Placa Catalunya, the Ramblas and the harbour.The rooms in the hotel are ok茅: clean, spacious and airconditioned. The staff is very friendly and the breakfast is simple, but ok.From the airport you can take the Airbus (leaves in front of the airport next to the taxi's each 10-15 minutes) which brings you to Placa Catalunya for only 鈧?3,50 (single trip). From there it's a 10 minute walk to the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bring earplugs, but otherwise pretty great! I can't compare this hotel to others in Barcelona, but I *can* say that since I was mentally prepared for the noise and knew I'd need to sleep with earplugs, I was VERY happy with my stay in all other respects.My favorite things:- The front-desk staff were always very helpful and pleasant. Since I had major jet lag, I can confirm that they were helpful at all hours: day, evening, 2 in the morning, and even 6 in the morning.- The room! I got the absolutely cutest room up on the 5th floor, tucked into a corner, obviously modernized within the past few years and with every touch exactly as I would have designed it. Little stuff that might not sound like it makes much of a difference: A light in the closet! Warm-colored (instead of white) walls! Enough hangers! A built-in stand for your suitcase with trim on the back that helps you keep from dinging up the wall! Extra switches for all the lights next to the bed! A fridge that you can put your stuff in without breaking a seal that brings the Mini-Bar Charge Police! Good, light-blocking shutters! Yummy coconut-scented shampoo  lotion freebies instead of some gross perfume-y smell! And best of all, a satisfying shower that has enough door on it that you don't end up spraying the whole room!- The cleanliness. I couldn't find anything to quibble with, and there were little signs everywhere that the cleaning lady had been there. It's a small enough hotel that there may be one person who does the cleaning, and she seems to take pride in her work.- Location. Really perfect.- Yeah, the breakfast is a bit pricey, but it's also very complete and good, with fresh Spanish cheese and fresh orange slices along with all the usual cereal/toast/coffee/tea stuff. On your first day, it's a perfectly reasonable way to get off to a good start.It's hard to think of any negatives, although if you feel strange sleeping with earplugs in you'll definitely want to stay somewhere else. The only thing I can think of is that although Spain's new anti-smoking law is most definitely respected and enforced, if I left the bathroom window open some second-hand smoke came in that way (maybe from an employee break room below?). I paid just BARELY into the triple digits per night, and I must say I think I got my money's-worth.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Donkie
<Content>perfectly located hotel Stayed in this hotel four nights. It is perfectly located in the Centre of Barcelona close to the Ramblas, the metro, turistic bus, etc. Rooms are nice and clean. The breakfast was good and the staff at the reception very friendly and willing to assist with everything (restaurants, reservations, etc). Only two negative aspects: the beds are a bit too hard, especially when you have lower back problems and there is a lot of noise outside, going on 24hours a day (but what else to expect in the centre of Barcelona?).  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time at the Regencia Colon I visited Barcelona Late December/Early January this year. I had a great time at the Regencia Colon, and I could not have asked for a more perfect location. Its right in the heart of the city off Las Ramblas, but it is off of a side street so you don't have the noise or sketchiness of Las Ramblas at night. I found the staff very friendly and helpful. The rooms were also a good size. For the price, I don't think you could do any better.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad, but not great either My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights last week. Overall, we thought the hotel was fine. The room was large, with a telelvision, safe, large bathroom with plenty of hot water, and it was clean. The hotel staff were very nice to us, but they were nicer to my wife than to me. They did offer many recommendations for dinner (some were very good, some were terrible), and helped us with taxis and show reservations.The biggest problem with this hotel is the noise. There is the ringing of the cathedral bells all night (once every 15 minutes then 1-12 times on the hour, depending on the time). Then, there are all of the people out late at night, which is fine. But, for some reason, construction would begin at 5:00am and deliveries and garbage collection happened throughout the night. Also, the walls are very thin, and we could hear the man in the room next to us snoring all night.Some have written to request a room off the street because it may be quieter. We thought about that and inquired after we had spent our first night - but there are no rooms off the street.The hotel is in a terrific location. You are in walking distance from just about everything (or at least close to the subway). However, it would take a lot for me to go back there. I'd rather try somewhere new when I go back to Barcelona. Unfortunately, we were there during a large conference in the city, which cause room-rates to shoot up city-wide. This was one of the few places we could afford.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tg49ers
<Content>Great Location, noisey and needs more friendly staff! I stayed at this hotel late February 2006 and thought I'd give a review of it.The location is definately the biggest plus of this hotel. It is one block away from the Cathedral, when you come out of the hotel you walk about 5 mins (towards the right) and you are in the La Ramblas area, which is quite the happening strip at all hours of the morning. The subway is nearby and really the best way to get around town. There are a few markets nearby and well as many nice restaurants. The rooms were very clean and well kept. there is a safe in the closet, so you can keep your valuables in it. There is a small TV in the room but has a few english channels. We had a room facing the street and it was extremely noisey at night. I found it abit weird having to give the hotel staff our hotel key when we left but nothing was taken from our room, so it is just a safety thing. I found the front desk staff to be a little unfriendly, maybe they need to hire some friendly smiling females instead of having nothing but 45-55 year old men working the front desk! Anyway, I did not have to deal with them too much other than asking them for a cab and enquiring about trying to stay an extra night (I booked off the website but needed an extra day, so they gave me a rate of 80E for another night, two single beds).Overall, the location was great, with average quality rooms, what brought down my rating was the noise and unfriendly male staff! I would stay again if i got a good rate, but I would request a room not facing the street.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location BUT noisy at night! We chose this hotel after reading reviews on the site. We spent 4 nights at the hotel and were delighted with our choice until bedtime came! There was noise from delivery lorries and bin lorries all night and the Cathedral bell sounded throughout the night so you always knew the time! Double glazing would need to be installed before we would return.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very happy!       View from hotel  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location, Great rooms but slightly noisy at night We stayed at this hotel for 4 nights in January this year. We booked it having read the excellent reviews on Trip Advisor. We paid with bancotel vouchers which made it cheaper than normal prices. We took an airport bus to Placa de Catalunya and then walked for about 5 minutes to find the hotel. On arrival at the hotel the staff spoke English to us which was helpful because we can't speak a word of Spanish.Our double room was excellent. It had laminate flooring, modern decor and a small but nice sparkling white bathroom with loads of free toiletries and fresh towels which were all replaced every day when the room was cleaned.There was a minibar and even a TV. The only problem was CNN and Eurosport were the only English channels it had!It was a bit of a pain having to hand your room key into reception every time you left the hotel and then asking for it on return. (?for security- unsure why).The location of the hotel was great for La Ramblas and the Gothic Quarter, with loads of nice tapas bars and restaurants if you look further than the typical touristy places. We were recommended to go Taller del Tapas restaurant nearby the hotel - it was not good. The staff made several mistakes with our order and then tried to charge us for food we never had and were quite rude when we questioned them. The food was very poor value for money compared to many traditional tapas places we went to. AVOID THIS ONE!Night time was a bit noisy because (as already mentioned by many others) the hotel is on a busy side street where dustbin lorries and other working traffic continue all night. It also seems to be a walk through for a few drunken shouting people at 3am. We knew it was 3am because you can also hear the cathedral clock chiming! However, it was a very minor problem and certainly has not put us off wanting to return here again. Barcelona is a brilliant city and this hotel made our stay even better.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>robinjs
<Content>nice hotel - shame about the noise We stayed at the regencia colon for 3 nights from 26th december. We were very impressed with the room size and the cleanliness. The location was perfect, close to the turistic bus stop and many good restaurants and only a 5 minute walk from Port Vell. We ate good tapas at Taverna del Bisbe right across the square from the hotel. We had breakfast at Neyras just around the corner (good eggs  bacon for 4 euros). Unfortunately every night the lorry noise from the street kept us awake. We would recommend going to Taller de Tapas on C.de l'Argenteria. The atmosphere is great and the tapas is outstanding but avoid the giant prawns which were overpriced and not well prepared. If we could be assured that there would be less traffic noise we would certainly return as the hotel was very comfortable and the staff very friendly.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value We were in Barcelona for 8 days, away for 4 then back for 3 and stayed here both visits. The location can't be beat, the rooms are small but immaculate and the staff were wonderful to us. I took the airport bus in to town and it was a 5 minute walk from Plaza Catalunya to the hotel. There were many good restaurants close by, subway and bus connections were great, shopping was wonderful. We like to eat vegetarian and would highly recommend Juicy Jones and Organic. Both are a 5 to 10 minute walk from the hotel. Most mornings I would walk to a bakery about a block away and bring pasteries and drinks back to the room. We were able to leave excess baggage at the hotel when we were out of town for a few days. That was a real bonus. We took the city bus tours the first day, both red and blue, and it really helped us get our bearings. You get a coupon book for discounts at many attractions and we made good use of it. In the evening we would walk down to the water, along the walkway to the beaches and have a drink at the beach cafes. It was wonderful. Look for concerts in the churches in the evening. Barcelona is a fabulous city and I would recommed this hotel to anyone visiting.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jeanEssex
<Content>Excellent Location at the Regencia Colon Just returned from a 3 night break at the Regencia Colon. I booked this hotel solely on the advice I read from the Tripadvisor website. As I have said in a review for another hotel I would not book a hotel room without consulting this website. You really cannot go wrong, you know exactly what you are going to get so you can make an informed choice.The Regencia is a three star hotel and is everything that a three star should be. It is clean and comfortable. We were given a rather large room (no. 560) on the fifth floor. This contained three beds, although only two of us travelling. The bathroom was very clean and with plenty of toiletries supplied. There is a hairdryer in the bathroom. There is a mini fridge but please bring your own kettle if you like a cuppa in the morning!The location as has been said in other reviews could not be bettered. It is situated directly behind it's 4 star sister hotel the Colon. Our room overlooked the Cathedral Square which is the place to be. Within two minutes walking distance of the Ramblas and about 5 mins from Port Vell. All in all a good stay. We booked the Bus Touristic for two days as this is the official Barcelona tour bus and stops at all the major sights. You can get on and off the bus as many times as you like. Yes you do have to keep an eye on your belongings as you should do anywhere but I never felt there were any problems. The Ramblas is a great place to walk day or evening just to see the fabulous and inspired mime artists, when you go you will see what I mean.The one downside for me was that there appears to be a real lack of decent restaurants. The fashion at the moment is tapas bars and there are simply hundreds of them. So can't say I enjoyed a really good meal. A tip though is to eat and drink along one of the side streets from the Ramblas or in the Cathedral Square. The Ramblas tapas bars seem to charge sky high prices because they are in such a popular location. That said, enjoy your stay at the Regencia Colon, it is a very good base.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>gregnjeanie
<Content>Great location We just stayed at the Hotel Regencia Colon November 25-27th. We thought the hotel was great. The location was wonderful, it was a few steps from the Gothic Cathedral. We have a family of 4 and we had a triple room which for 128 Euro was a great price! It is hard to find rooms for 4 people in Europe. The people at the front desk were friendly and answered all of our questions. The price of the room didn't include breakfast but there is no need, as you walk outside and there are restaurants everywhere and you can eat really inexpensive in Barcelona. If you need a Starbuck fix there is one around the corner. On our last morning we found a great Churro restaurant near the hotel. The kids loved them, and they were less than 1 Euro for a big bag. The hotel can give you directions. They said it is a local favorite. At night it is a bit noisy outside but that is because you are in such a great location. I always bring ear plugs anyways. I would definitely stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JW-ACE
<Content>Very clean, comfortable hotel close to the sights Stayed at the Regencia Colon for 3 nights in mid-October. The room was a good size, very clean and comfortable. Excellent en-suite facilities. Room had sitting area with two easy chairs and coffee table.A good hot and cold buffet breakfast is available (10 euros)in the hotel, but there is also an excellent cafe bar just around the corner where you can get bacon and eggs for 3.75 euros. Building work is still going on just across the road (our room looked onto the site) but, unless you want to sleep late, this should not cause problems as work did not start until 8 am and was finished by 6.30 pm.Would certainly use this hotel again - it was a great location. In a quiet street, away from noisy main roads and passing tourists, yet just around the corner from the Cathedral and within easy walking distance of Port Vell, Catalunya Square and the Ramblas.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights after our cruise.The location is great! The breakfast buffet wasgood...be sure and try the orange juice.The only complaint would be the noise from the street.Between people partying and truck deliveries beingmade...we did not get a good night's sleep either night. If they installed better windows w/some soundproofing, then our stay would have been perfect.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>leighuf
<Content>Good for 1 night       bathroom  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>superb location Just spent 5 days at Barcelona - fantastic - the hotel could not have been more centrally located - all of the main sights/locations within walking distance, never used metro once (although I was told that it was easy to use and efficient), always felt safe. Room was clean, well fitted out (bed a bit hard!) and more than adequate - staff very friendly and helpful. Could not fault this hotel at all.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AUtiger
<Content>What a gem!!!! We had originally booked our room at Hotel Regencia Colon, the less expensive sister hotel to the nicer Hotel Colon on Expedia for $180 per night. When we arrived, we were told the Regencia was overbooked and we would be staying at the Hotel Colon. What a treat!!! This hotel is the PERFECT location- directly infront of the Cathedral and a short walk from Las Ramblas. It was about a 40 Euro cab ride from the airport and a 40 Euro cab ride to the port (where we disembarked for our cruise). The staff was very friendly and helpful. We had a room with a large veranda/terrace that overlooked the city with mountains in the background and the bathroom was superb! Marble floors, plush bathrobes and slippers, super clean. The neighborhood is safe and quiet. I would highly recommend the Hotel Colon and would definitely stay there again!!!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leftfoot
<Content>Excellent value-for-money  My wife and I have just returned from a 5 day trip and the hotel was excellent. Good size, clean, airy and comfortable room, very friendly staff, a great location, and very reasonably priced (85EUR per room per night, 90EUR on Fri and Sat), made for a very enjoyable stay.Would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lay9
<Content>Brilliant! When we arrived early, we were allowed to check in and go to our room as it was ready. Compact bathroom with shower/bath toilet and bidet. Very clean and my friend and I stayed in Room 358 and had a wonderful view of the square and catherdal. Excellent location for two ladies on their own as you felt quite safe in the evenings in the gothic square and not far too walk, to tourustic bus stop...worth getting the two day pass....as there are many attractions to see and you cannot do it all in a day. Mini fridge in room, filled with goodies..did not try the breakfast.Watch your bag as you are in Las Ramblas street or the tiny winding streets...on saying that its just like any City...you have to be on your guard...especially with the gypsy women who beg with babes in their arms and have accomplices waiting for you to go to your purse...some even try to point out a stain on your clothes just ignore them!. That said and done...please don't be put off....its a wonderful place and deserves two or three long weekend visits.Souvenirs also, are very reasonable to bring back home and not the normal cheap tacky stuff....good quality and good price. Taxi drivers are metered and relatively cheap. 拢118.00. that was for 2 nights in October.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MikeandWilla
<Content>Honest hotel I was booked into this hotel but due to lack of rooms they moved me to their more expensive Hotel Colon 50 yards up the street. So I have no comment regarding the quality of the room but was very impressed by their commitment to the reservation. We arrived on a Saturday during their most important festival. I had booked the room 5 months before online at their own website without a credit card guarentee. They could have easily not acknowledged the booking or sent me off on my own but did not. They moved me without added cost to their 4 star hotel. That was nice!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Close to CIty Center, but Has It's Drawbacks My husband and I stayed here for two nights and had a fine time, but could have had a nicer experience were it not for the following: 1. None of the rooms are non-smoking. We did not know this until we arrived and got up to the room after check-in. When I called the front desk to ask for a non-smoking room, they said there is no difference - all of our rooms allow smoking. It was not terrible but my initial reaction to the room was not the most favorable. 2. The shower in our bathroom leaked water onto the floor, no matter how we fixed the door to avoid it. This was pretty inconvenient but we dealt with it by mopping it up with towels. 3. There was, indeed, some very loud construction on one side of the building - so much that I had dreams about it during my siesta nap. However, a moderate to heavy sleeper might not be bothered by this. The hotel is, admittedly, in a great location within easy walking distance of the Barrio Santa Cruz and La Ramblas, so if you're up for a few snags, then go for it.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>LoveTravelLuvNewYork
<Content>Good hotel, great location, a little overpriced We stayed here in November of 2004 for 9 nights. We were on a tight budget, but wanted to be in the center.We booked this hotel directly from the hotel's website. We were very happy with this hotel's location--right in the center. Right next to the Cathedral, walking distance to the Gothic Quarter, Plaza Catalunya, las Ramblas, etc. The rooms were good, no complaints. The only complaint is that it turned out to be far more expensive than what we originally expected to pay for it. It just wasn't worth it. The hotel administration misled us into thinking that breakfast was included in the price of the hotel, since there were signs posted in the hotel lobby about where  when breakfast is being served. We followed these instructions  ate breakfast every day, without being told that this would cost extra. Not one of the hotel employees said a single word, warning us about this trick. When I asked them is breakfast being served, I obviously meant, is it included, they would answer yes when in reality, they should've said it will cost you extra at the end. The breakfast was good, I admit, but cost us 20 Euro per day for 2 people. This we found out at checkout. THis was very disappointing because for the price of 110 Euros per night we could've stayed at a better (perhaps 4 star) hotel, with breakfast being included as well. We have done a great deal of traveling around Europe, and breakfast has always been included, even if it was a small continental breakfast. We thought we were getting a bargain, to stay in the center in a budget hotel at 90 Euros per night. We were obviously wrong and very upset--this WAS a budget hotel, except for the price of a FOUR star hotel. It isn't pleasant to get this kind of a surprise on your vacation, especially when you're not expecting to pay this extra money. So, in retrospect, here is my advice: look around for a better quality hotel than this one (it's only a 3 star), find out if they will charge you for extra services, even if it seems logical that they should be included, and then decide if it's worth it. If I were to do it all over again, I would've rather stayed in a 4 star hotel for the same money. (Or if this one were 20-30 Euros cheaper).Good luck!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Etobicoke
<Content>The right choice Like you, I've poured over the huge choice of hotel listings in Barcelona. We were so glad we chose this hotel. It is NOT a 2 star. It is more like a nice 3 stars hotel. Location is perfect - close to Ramblas (if you want to be close- we were disappoionted in this famous street- it is a street with streams of people, poor food and picpockets). Regencia is right on the touristic bus route (so easy to get home from anywhere in the city), right by the cathedral and you can walk to the port or to the Catalin Square to shop. The room we had was HUGE, newly renovated with a lovely bathroom. The people were friendly, helpful and spoke English well. Breakfast was a wonderful hot buffet, although not cheap (I think 8E) but we wanted protein (all the breakfast cafes only serve carbs and coffee). It's sister hotel, the Colon is next door, right on the Cathedral plaza and you'll pay 4 times as much for it when you could step around the corner to the Regencia and be completely satisfied.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kermer
<Content>Great 3 star stay Not knowing Barcelona I booked the Regencia Colon due to the good reviews on trip advisor. The hotel was exactly as descibed and therefore I was not disapointed. The hotel looked newly decorated, the toom was very clean, bright and a good size. The location is perfect, central to everywhere - Las Ramblas, shopping, beach, port etcHotel staff were happy to help whenever asked for information.In summary the hotel is very good for a 3 star, no frills, city centre hotel. The price although seemed a little high was actually in line with the costs of other hotels in the area so was not a problem. Would definitely stay here again.One word of warning - do your research before you go to Barcelona. the weekend of the 24th was a festival weekend in Barcelona, running from the Thursday through to Sunday. This meant that all the shops shut for three days and the city becomes very crowded with full on entertainment happening in evey available space. It made for a great weekend but if you like early nights then it is not for you. Concerts and entertainment go on in the streets from 10am til 2am.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Inexpensive Barcelona Hotel After arriving in Spain we were a little worrried that our cab driver had to stop and take out a map to find this hotel, but everything was uphill from there. It is actually located behind it's sister (and more expensive Hotel Colon) which is acrosss the street from the Cathedral. Could not be a better location. We walked to everything. A few blocks from Las Ramblas. A few blocks from the water front, and a block from the bus stop.The staff could not have been friendlier and more helpful. They suggested we take the bus tour which got us to all the stops we wanted to make in the one day before our cruise.The rooms were small but extremely servicable and spotless. Two twin beds pushed together. The A/C worked, the shower and bath were up to US standards and it was only 118. Euro. They also had a breakfast buffet but since we missed it, I'm not sure if it was continental (free) or full with a charge.Since we flew in from the US, we arrived at the hotel by around 8:30AM. They took our luggage and just piled it in the lobby- but it was in full view of the registration desk so we were comfortable with that.We were a party of 6 and when we left they reserved a van for us to travel to the pier all together without having to take separate cabs. And the cabbie even offered to pick us up when the cruise returned 11 days later. He was there when we docked and took us to the next hotel.Highly recommended!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leighb8971
<Content>Good hotel, shame about the builders My partner and I just returned from our first visit to this great city. The location of the hotel cannot be beat. It's close to great shops, restaurants and public transport links. The only downside was the nearby construction site, and the fact that our window did not keep out any noise - honestly it wouldn't have mattered if it was open or closed! And unlike British builders, Spaniards work for 12 hours solid! Apart from that, everything was great. The staff were very friendly and helpful, giving us advice on good tourist spots and restaurants. And their English, unlike my Catalan, was immaculate! The room and facilities were very clean and adequate for our needs. The lift was a welcome respite for our tired legs after a long day of sightseeing!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this hotel - great value for money Stayed here after looking at reviews on trip advisor. We were not disappointed. Hotel is in a really central location, far enough away from the main street to be quiet whilst only a five minute walk away from Las Ramblas and Placa de Catalunya. We got a fantastic room with a big terrace that had seating outside. Facilities such as bathroom were great - very clean and the shower was brilliant. We found the staff to be very helpful. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel as it looked expensive but found a cafe on the sqaure which did good value breakfasts.Would definately go again!!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as great as others think It seems I might be outnumbered on this, but I do thhink the hotel has serious problems.1. Spectacularly surly and disinterested staff. Never experienced as bad as this.2. Nearby building works. They start at 8am on the dot.3. Our bathroom was falling apart. Very shoddy.4. Breakfast. Not worth 10 euros. Avoid at all costs.I'm used to budget, but this was budget lite.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lewis_the_bear
<Content>Excellent budget choice My husband and I stayed here on what was our first visit to Barcelona, and found it to be a brilliant choice. The location is great, it was easy to get to the main square, a few minute's walk away, getting to the hotel using public transport and a 5 minute walk was so easy. The port and main areas such as Las Ramblas and teh big shops were again within easy reach by foot. The room was fairly basic, but as long as it has nice cold air con and a comfy bed, that was all we wanted. Great value for money and nice to be so near the gothic cathedral and in the gothic quarter.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel!!! This hotel is exactly what you should get for a three star. Perfect location and a clean, nice room to lay your head. The hotel was central and walkable to many sights. Also, easy access to the metro. Staff was very friendly and spoke English. No complaints for the price. Of course it doesn麓t have all the amenities of a deluxe hotel, but for a three star it is perfect.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, comfortable -- will visit again! We stayed in this hotel for four nights at the end of June. The location of this hotel cannot be beat -- right in the historic city centre next to the cathedral. We were only a 10 to 15-minute walk away from the main shopping districts of the Gothic quarter, including the Boqueria market (a must see) on La Rambla, C. de Ferran and C. del Portal de L'Angel.The rooms were clean, quite large for European standards, and well-decorated. We had no concerns with noise, even though we stayed on the second floor, thanks to thick inner windows. Breakfast was quite nourishing but extra; there are several bars nearby with cheaper fare. Our only complaint was the lack of TV channels (3, all in Spanish), but hey -- one should be exploring Europe instead.The hotel staff are quite helpful and professional. All in all, we had a great stay and would return.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel for Location and Price We enjoyed this hotel. The location is great. It is right behind the Cathedral and very accessible to the Barri Gothic, La Ramblas, etc. The staff were helpful as well.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sandy066
<Content>Barca Fantastic!!! Just returned from 5 days at Regencia Colon. Fantastic location, on the 4th floor, good place to be, had a partial view of cathedral. A bit noisy due to some building work nearby, but after all the sight seeing and a few bottles of wine still managed a good nights sleep. If you like a brew in the mornings, bring a travel kettle as no tea/coffee facilities in room. Cleaned daily, with nice fluffly white towles provided.Hotel itself is friendly, clean, basic but provides everything you could want. Loved the city itself, great buildings, ironwork and large oak doors. Streets busy but noticeable clean. Large crossings everywhere but easy to get about. A good tip for you if doing a lot of sight seeing, book your travel bus/train pass via expedia, saves lots of hassle and gives you discounts into some attractions. Would definitiely go back to Barcelona, would recommend the Regencia.  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jeanettesally
<Content>great hotel My partner and I have just returned from a week in Barcelona. This is the first time in Barcelona for both of us and we thoroughly enjoyed it. The hotel Regencia Colon was our choice for our stay and proved to be a good choice. The staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel was very clean with everything required for a comfortable stay. The bathroom was bright and fluffy towels provided every day. In seven nights our bed was changed four times. The restaurant for breakfast didnot inspire us so we ate out at a small cafe just across the square. The hotel is really well placed for all the tourist attractions, bars, restaurants, shops, and metro. There was building work going on at the corner of the street but we were on the fifth floor and all work stopped around 5.30pm so there was no problem. The hotel kept our luggage for us on the last day and arranged a taxi to the airport for us which pleased us. Barcelona is a beautiful city but watch your wallets and purses. We found eating out in the evenings expensive but we did use what we considered the nicer places. The bus and metro system are really good for getting around. Our stay was Easter 2005.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fsufan
<Content>Great location! The hotel has an excellent location, right next to the Cathedral and walking distance to several other tourist sites (Las Ramblas, Picasso museum, Barri Gotic area, Placa Catalunya) and metro stations. The staff was helpful, recommending restaurants and storing our luggage. Our room was very clean and spacious (we were given a triple, although there were two of us in the room) and clean. Agree with one of the previous reviews, there is some construction going on right now at night, making it very noisy. I am a heavy sleeper, so it didn't bother me. My roommate, however, had trouble sleeping. Other than that, would HIGHLY recommend this hotel. We found a rate of $124/night, so thought it was a great deal compared to other hotels in Europe we had at similar rates  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this hotel!       View from my window  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dcsapper
<Content>Wait until nearby building construction finished! I agree with all that has been written about the Regencia Colon, and had booked 5 nights there on the strength of the Tripadvisor reports! However there is a problem currently that is no fault of the hotel. It is situated on a corner of a cul-de-sac, no more that 50 yards from a building under construction. Maybue to avoid the daytime pedestrians, I don't know, but there were construction vehicles passing by under my window and construction work happening throughout the night. I can usually sleep anywhere but the sound worked its way through closed windows and metal shutters. A real shame, because I can't fault anything about the hotel -and when the building is finished, I shall return!!!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect for a Late-Afternoon Siesta The Hotel Regencia Colon in Barcelona is exactly what I need in a moderately-priced hotel: friendly staff with good communication skills; clean room with wood floors (no sketchy carpeting!); and sparkling bathroom with fluffy white towels. The room was not large, but it was clean and reasonably well decorated such that I was happy to return to the comfort of the room for a late afternoon siesta each day. The location was perfect: just steps from the Gothic cathedral and a maze of Medieval streets and squares with shops, restaurants, and bars to explore; walking distance to Las Ramblas (nice to see, but we appreciated being several blocks away); and close to metro stations (easy transportation). Although the hotel was not cheap, it was our first stop in Europe, and we weren't up for budget accomodations directly after the long journey to Spain. We will definately return to Barcelona and will stay at Hotel Regencia Colon again!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ge_Nets
<Content>Convenient Convenient to the airport bus drop off/pick up location and near shopping and restaurants. Within walking distance to most attractions.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dutch Brother
<Content>good hotel, but not great This hotel is extremely well located, just a block from the cathedral but on a quiet side street. The rooms vary quite a bit in size. We had an average size room, which was too small to add a cot for our daughter, so she had to sleep in the twin beds with my wife and I. Had we known, we would have requested a larger room in advance. The room was modestly furnished, clean, but nothing special. It did have a mini-fridge. It also has a partial view of the main square next to the cathedral. The staff tried to be helpful, but some of them had very limited English. The Regencia's sister hotel, the Colon next door, was much more helpful and their staff all spoke fluent English. I have no complaints about this hotel, but it's definitely a three star and at $160/night is fairly priced, but not a bargain.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>fizzb
<Content>Superb central location Unbelievable central hotel for the price! We paid around 拢80 per room for a night, which was very good value. The hotel is just off the main Cathedral square, and about 5 minutes walk from the Placa Catalunya. Not the quietest hotel I've ever stayed in, but we expected that. Everything was very clean and well presented. Very efficient air-conditioning too, which kept the room nicely Arctic despite temperatures of 29 degrees outside. We had a problem with the safe in our room (locked shut!), but the manager came to fix it straight away for us - excellent service. Staff were all very friendly.We were room only, and didn't bother taking breakfast, but found a lovely cafe just across the square that was very reasonable.I would recommend this hotel to anyone, and wouldn't hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AlfieO
<Content>Excellent for the price I spent a fair amount of time looking into hotels before going to Barca and I can't fault the Regencia Colon for the amount it cost to stay there (when compared to other central hotels). It really is about as central as you can get without staying on Las Ramblas which IMO is not all it's cracked up to be anyway (a busy tourist trap where everything is overpriced). We didn't try the breakfast at the Colon - so can't comment on that. The staff are very helpful and the rooms more than adequate.Other recommendations - Agua restaurant near the marina is nice - above average price wise but no too pricey considering the decor  food. Book well in advance though if you want to each after 9:00 pm. Cafe Del Bispe over cathedral square from the Hotel Colon is a nice place to chill out and watch the world go by and the staff are v. friendly there too.Barcelona is a great city - I'd go back tomorrow and be more than happy to stay at the Reg. Colon again.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Gem Very nicely surprised. Great Location. Nice room. Excellent staff.Room was nicely furnished, AC worked nicely and everything was clean and neat. Just close enough to everything to be convient, but far enough away to be quiet. Breakfast in the morning was pricey but nice. Would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Looking forward to our next visit already! We have just got back after spending 4 nights in Barcelona, staying at the Regencia Colon Hotel. We found it to be an ideal place to stop, in a reasonably quiet side street but literally only a few steps from buzzing bars, shops, and restaurants. Our room had essential (in July) air-con that worked very well and quietly. The room was very clean and well decorated, with plenty of wardrobe space, a good en suite bathroom, mini bar and a safe. Maybe it was a touch on the small side but that is the only negative criticism of the room I can think of. Breakfast at the hotel was extra, and not that great to be honest, better and cheaper to breakfast in a nearby cafe. The staff were friendly, helpful, and spoke good English although when we asked for a recommended restaurant they sent us to an over priced place on La Rambla. There are plenty of better and much cheaper places for dinner in Bari Gothic, or take a stroll down to Barceloneta. If we go to Barcelona again (and I'm sure we will) then we would stop at the Regencia Colon again without a doubt - You can't really say better than that can you?  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location; great value for your money The hotel has a great location, close walking distance to Las Ramblas but not right on it which meant it was quieter in the evenings. It cost much less than other hotels nearby, and you get a clean, good-sized room and bathroom, bright bathroom lights, and all the usual amenities. The decor may be a little uninspired, but it was pleasant enough. The employees were generally friendly and helpful, except for one who was a little curt but I have had much worse in Paris. I would definitely return. And Barcelona is a city well worth a return visit. There is much to see, but you should also spend time relaxing in their parks, their sidewalk restaurants, enjoying tapas and sangria, and many, many pastries. Seriously, you need to see their selection of pastries, cookies, desserts, ice cream, chocolates.......  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chrischennyc
<Content>Value, value, value I researched hotels using all conveniently located, moderate to inexpensive suggestions in Frommers and Lonely Planet, and then cross-referenced all the suggested hotels with tripadvisor.com reviews. The best value was the Regencia Colon because if you spend any less (from the reviews) you risk shady neighborhoods, sewage smells from old pipes, and waterbugs scurrying around your room. Noise from the street, in Barcelona, is given in order to be conveniently located, although not much noise was heard during my stay at the end of June (bring earplugs just in case). Other possibilities which used to be cheap are now equally or more expensive than the Regencia Colon. In our experience, the desk was extremely friendly, the rooms were pleasantly air conditioned, but the walls were a little thin 鈥?I could hear the people next door, although it was only for about five minutes each night. They made ok suggestions for restaurants (Agut and Els Quatre Gats), and I was a little weary of one place that looked like a tourist trap. My best meals were at Cal Pep (they prepare a wonderful set five course menu of whatever is fresh) and Agut (great seafood and atmosphere), avoid Els Quatre Gats (touristy and moderate to bad food) and anything on La Rambla. We were also going to be back in Barcelona for a day before we left and they let us use their baggage room for a day. In the end, my stay was great and I would strongly recommend the Regencia Colon for a midrange hotel.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>texaschica
<Content>Superb value The Regencia is a superb value. The location is perfect for exploring the Barri Gotic, and is convenient to the Metro as well. The room was clean and comfortable. We stayed at the Regencia the first part of our trip, then the fancier Hotel Colon (across the street) the last part. I recommend both hotels, but the Regencia is best if you're on a budget.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crackofdawn
<Content>Loved the Location The Regencia Colon Hotel is a 20-25E taxi ride from the airport and must be a step-cousin of the Colon hotel which is between the Regencia and the Cathedral Square since all the towels, ash trays, cups, etc.. had the Colon Hotel logo. The price was right for us and was better than others I could find for a old city center location.We were on the first floor of rooms and our little room faced the steet and did have a view of the corner of the Cathedral Square which was nice. Ear plugs were wonderful to have on Friday and Saturday night. Sunday night was very quiet and then Monday night the noise hit a normal volume again! You have a 10-15 min walk to Las Ramblas from the hotel and another 10-15 min walk on Las Ramblas in either direction to the end of Las Ramblas. They provide a small breakfast buffet at the hotel that was adequate and certainly convenient. The staff was friendly and helpful so the stay was enjoyable.Be sure to visit the 4Gats restaurant which is a 5 min walk from the hotel. They are open early for dinner and get really crowded by 8:30, but the back room is large and they have a small balcony that rings the restaurant that is set up with 2-person tables. We were there twice and really enjoyed the meals.. the restaurant was recommended to us by the hotel staff!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great location at a great price We have recently returned from 5 nights at this hotel. I can fully recommend it, from the staff, who were courteous and helpful, to the rooms, which were a good size, and clean (they appeared to have been very recently refurbished). The location is excellent, particularly in the evenings: only a short stroll to some lovely cafes/bars and restaurants. The cathedral square, just steps away, is a great place to end your evening, just watching the world go by until you are ready to fall into bed. The only downside to the location is, as others have commented, the noise. The one recommendation I must make to this hotel is - get some double glazing! That said, we both became immune to the noise after a couple of nights, and even slept through the cathedral bells chiming the hours away. I would happily return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ynot
<Content>Very good place to say   showReview(2079365, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Dbirkwood
<Content>great for a weekend away   showReview(1687945, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jcborange
<Content>Excellent Location, Clean....   showReview(1439848, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2003
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jeanmarine
<Content>Great location, lovely hotel that we'd recommend in a heartbeat   showReview(1370471, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, fine room!   showReview(1346664, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PMwhf
<Content>Good Value   showReview(1257635, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unbeatable location   showReview(1120865, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location, pleasant hotel   showReview(932032, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2003
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good colon   showReview(930323, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ho soggiornato in una camera...   showReview(22794569, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Location ottima, pochi passi...   showReview(22232621, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione eccezionale a due...   showReview(20743989, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Die Lage des Hotels ist super...   showReview(20491536, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ripas
<Content>Un ottimo soggiorno   showReview(19940160, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel consigliato   showReview(19637373, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonne h么tel 脿 proximit茅 de la ville   showReview(19637372, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage, guter Service, sch枚ne Zimmer   showReview(19637371, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Otttima posizione   showReview(17444388, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>bussola76
<Content>Vacanza a Barcellona   showReview(16877253, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lisola31
<Content>Consigliamo vivamente l'Hotel Regencia Colon   showReview(16461200, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel veramente buono, in...   showReview(16731152, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Di fronte alla Cattedrale, non...   showReview(16730541, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien situ茅 et accueillant   showReview(15576816, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein ganz gro脽artiges Hotel...   showReview(16730555, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr gute Lage, aber extrem hellh枚rig   showReview(14732124, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gute Tapas im der Taverna...   showReview(16727776, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sauber und Super Service in perfekter Lage   showReview(14732123, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Voici un h么tel bien situ茅 en...   showReview(16725033, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr茅s bonne situation   showReview(13978016, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Chambre tr猫s bruyante ( situ茅e...   showReview(13372282, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima posizione e buon rapporto qualit脿/prezzo   showReview(13189595, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione perfetta. Si...   showReview(13308031, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous ne conseillons pas cet...   showReview(13222897, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>perfetto posizione stupenda   showReview(13189594, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel liegt super zentral...   showReview(12651837, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel, in pieno centro...   showReview(12752563, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Week end sympa, chambre de...   showReview(12650371, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>C'est l'annexe du c茅l猫bre h么tel...   showReview(12649009, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes...   showReview(12649221, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sono stato 2 volte a...   showReview(11415596, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Prima Stadthotel   showReview(11664025, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sono rimasto soddisfatto della scelta   showReview(11664024, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir haben das Hotel schon...   showReview(11415600, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswert   showReview(11664023, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(11664026, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'h么tel est extr锚mement bien...   showReview(11415601, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dreibeiner
<Content>Sehr sauber !   showReview(8680559, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le plan fourni par venere 茅tait...   showReview(11415602, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hatten ein 3-Bettzimmer...   showReview(11415604, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Ubeda
<Content>Excelente ubicaci贸n. Ser铆a un 3 estrellas y media   showReview(8358229, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel excellent pour...   showReview(11415603, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>babelilu
<Content>Super h么tel tr猫s bien situ茅 !   showReview(8256922, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder - Gute Lage und guter Service, renovierte Zimmer   showReview(11491647, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel si trova in una zona...   showReview(12648626, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione centralissima, a...   showReview(11415607, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo molto carino, in una...   showReview(11415606, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sono stato al regencia colon il...   showReview(11415597, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>CATTEDRALE DI BARCELLONA ,MUSEI...   showReview(11415605, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super Lage, aber laut   showReview(11398913, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent h么tel, bien plac茅...   showReview(11415598, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Barcelona erleben   showReview(11392000, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>xikibel
<Content>Estupenda ubicaci贸n y trato   showReview(6615122, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Consigliabilissimo. posizione...   showReview(12648786, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lo consiglio soprattutto...   showReview(11415599, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Molto centrale... assolutamente...   showReview(11415608, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El Hotel es muy agradable y...   showReview(11415609, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentral, daf眉r laut   showReview(11374480, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima posizione   showReview(11357100, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes Preis-Leistung Verh盲ltnis   showReview(11357098, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione, proprio...   showReview(11415610, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zentral, aber etwas laut   showReview(11357097, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11357096, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Solo due pernottamenti, ma...   showReview(11415611, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent hotel situ茅 au coeur...   showReview(11415612, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien plac茅, id茅al pour d茅couvrir Barcelone   showReview(11331492, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Questo hotel si trova in una...   showReview(11415615, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le informazioni nel sito sono...   showReview(11415613, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo per una...   showReview(11415614, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eravamo 3 adulti :la camera ben...   showReview(11415616, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel felicemente collocato nel...   showReview(11415617, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Se dovessi tornare a Barcellona...   showReview(11415618, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍫存墍銇偒銉嗐儔銉┿儷銇繎...   showReview(21800708, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 situato in pieno...   showReview(11415619, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel hat eine super Lage...   showReview(11415620, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zentral gelegenes Hotel...   showReview(11415621, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>D茅faillance de la climatisation...   showReview(11415622, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo ottimo in posizione...   showReview(11415623, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hotel, bien situ茅 mais...   showReview(11415624, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Da poco ristrutturato...   showReview(13514192, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Die Lage des Hotels ist ideal...   showReview(11415626, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

