<Author>crsvan
<Content>Yike - Is parking and taxes that much? This hotel now charges $30 for parking and the city charges a $4.95 valet parking tax.This will deter me from staying at this hotel in the future.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>2	1	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>wonder17
<Content>Wonderful experience Stayed at this hotel during the worst snow in Seattle in 35 years. In spite of the problems they were facing, the staff were, without exception, warm and friendly, and the service at the front desk, restaurant (terrific food) and the bar was wonderful. I would recommend this hotel to anyone! If you have to be snowed in in Seattle, this is the place to be stuck!!!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>artygal
<Content>Not so good this time... Stayed here in Jan. 2008, had a big room (2 queen beds), no view (freeway side), but great morning light with a huge window made up for my other complaints; weak, drippy shower and water stains above the bed.Staff was friendly, valet guys quick; think I even got free parking by some kind of mistake.But, this August trip was terrible. Small tiny room, single queen, pitiful view of back alley, elevators broken (had to take stairs in the am).What I find really disappointing is that as a former guest, one would think they would do right by me coming back.I'm going to try the Hyatt next.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>henulj-lse
<Content>Comfortable Crowne Plaza This was one of several conference hotels. It was quite comfortable, the beds were comfortable, the shower worked well, the room was clean, we had a good view from our room of the Space Needle and the location is good. We were able to walk easily to Pike's Market with a straight shot to the Pier. I knew there would be a lot of walking, but that is Seattle. The staff were cordial and helpful when we needed assistance. We did not have a car, so no issue there. The elevator was not a problem as far as wait time for us. I did happen to jump on the staff/service elevator once which embarrassed my daughter no end, but the staff just laughed it off. It was October so the air conditioner was not an issue either. No noise issues for us and we even had a connecting room with the extra door. Overall, a very comfortable stay and I would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jean8239
<Content>Great service, but property has a few issues First of all, I had absolutely no problems with the service here. The front desk personnel, bar and restaurant staff, the valet/bell staff, and various employees I encountered in common areas were all extremely friendly and helpful. This was actually some of the best service I have encountered.The location was terrific. You can walk to Pike's Market, downtown shopping and restaurants, and to the monorail if you want to go to the space needle.I thought the food was terrific. I had breakfast there once, lunch twice and appetizers in the bar twice. The breakfast was a bit overpriced, but the lunch was worth it and the happy hour appetizers were a steal.The mixed drinks were just okay- I would stick with beer or wine. And I think the happy hour drinks were not that great of a deal.The city view from the room was spectacular- especially at night.There were negatives, though, which definately counter balanced all that great customer service. First of all, the rooms are worn and outdated. The furniture is nicked up, the wall paper was peeling, the carpet seams were lifting- and this was in a executive suite.The elevators were loud- I actually appreciated the loud heater because it drowned out the noise from the elevators and hallway (you could hear every conversation through the walls and doors).There were not enough working lightbulbs for the lamps. The lamp shades were askew so I don't know how housekeeping missed that.The elevators were extremely slow. More than once I waited almost ten minutes to get down to the lobby. I was there on business, so I had a schedule to adhere to and the elevators really were a problems for me.If you want good service and a great location, and don't necessarily need a newer, well maintained room, this is a great place. For the overall cost though, I don't think this property was up to par.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	5	-1	3	

<Author>Holidaytravelfan
<Content>Solid hotel I stayed at the hotel with friends last weekend and we had a great stay. We got a free upgrade and rooms on the 29th floor with amazings views onto the city, space needle and the ocean. The rooms were very spacious, with a large flat screen TV. They should offer a few more channels though. Beds were comfortable, bathroom and its amenities basic. Would have expected better from a 4* hotel. As a Priority Club member we got a sleep well package in the room upon c/in with ear plugs, lavender spray and a relaxation CD. Nice touch. We also received complimentray appetizer coupons for the bar which we used the first evening. Food and drinks were ok, the waitress rather unfriendly and the live music/ Jazz singer was horrible. Not worth paying her any money for that so called singing. Parking is available through valet only and costs $30.00 a day. Not cheap but standard for a downtown location. The hotel is conveniently located, close to businesses and shops. We walked almost everywhere and took public transportation once. We cannot confirm the trouble with the elevators that other reviews state, but it might have to do with the season. The hotel didn't seem very busy last weekend. Air conditioning in one of the rooms was noisy. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>notseasick
<Content>warning!!!!!!!! My husband and I stayed here before our Alaskan cruise. We arrived didn't wait too long to check in. We were given our room waited forever for the elevator to the 17th floor. Opened the door and there was underware on the bed (unmade bed) hairbrush in bathroom and didn't look any further. Went got another room thank goodness the bellhop was with us this time to the 26th floor oh yeah had to wait again to go down and up need more elevators. Went to our new room and keys did not work bell hop took care of it. Then while waiting for him we attempted to turn on the tv and it didn't work so they sent a repair man. It did get fixed but stopped working. gave up. Check out was okay didn't complain because they already had our complaints and didn't do anything. (I work in a service industry and you should not have to complain to get things the way they should be if there is a problem you know and remedy it and check how things are going)Breakfast buffet in hotel is good.Well, this experience has soiled my image of crowne plazaWe usually do not stay in fancy hotels I guess we expected too much had much better rooms and service at Days Inn and Comfort inn.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Yogicat
<Content>No problems at the Crowne Plaza, Seattle, Washington, USA Our Travel Agent booked this Hotel as part of a Cruise and stay holiday. Before we left, we read with dismay the majority of the reviews on the Crowne Plaza Hotel Seattle. On arrival we were surprised to find that our room (on the 19th floor) was much better than average - large, well equipped and very clean with two Queen size beds. We thought that the decor was nice, a little Art Deco but we liked that. We also found that the lifts were no problem at all and we used them several times during our two night stay. All in all we were extremely satisfied with the Hotel. We have to agree with the comments about the noisy Air Conditioning units but although the weather was beautiful during our stay, we had no need to use it at night so it wasn't a problem to us.I have stayed in several Hotels worldwide both for business and pleasure and this is certainly one of the better ones I have stayed at.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Sparky0922
<Content>Another disapointing stay - and a free one at that! My husband and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza in August 2007 with some friends for a weekend get away. The room was nice and they were very accommodating putting us across the hall from each other. Unfortunately that was the only good part about our stay. Around midnight we had a very loud man outside our door trying to get in. From what we could hear of his conversation with his friend he had been told our room was actually his. He gave up and went away but came back about 1 hour later. Again, of course, he could not get in. We did not open the day for our own safety. About 1am we get a knock on the door. My husband checks and it is a hotel staff member so he opens the door. He then gets asked many times if he is a registered guest. Eventually the employee left. When we went to check out the next morning we mentioned it to the front desk manager and were surprised that her only response was an Oh. We are not ones to make a fuss and were actually quite shocked so we left it. We also mentioned the garbage smell blowing from the fan outside our room. Again we got an Oh. We left our luggage with the concierge and went out for the day. When we returned we found that the concierge had somehow managed to lose our luggage! They had us run to three separate spots with them to find our own bags. I complained on their corporate website and received a $50 coupon - oh wow! Eventually I got a call from the hotel and the general manager offered a free night stay. Much better. I went for my free night at the beginning of August. Unfortunately it wasn't any better. The front desk person was rude; the room was ok but was at the same end of the floor that has a garbage smell coming from the fan. The concierge is a mess and it took forever to get our car back when we wanted to leave. For $30 I would think I should have to wait 20 minutes. The only polite person I met that worked for the hotel was the man cleaning the rooms. He was very nice; they should give him a big raise. Obviously I will not stay at this hotel ever again. I would have hoped they would have tried better to win me over but they seem to have little care for their customers. For over $200 a night this is not worth it. We stayed at the Westin Seattle for less and it is far and above a better hotel.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>bridgerobe
<Content>Forget It !!!! OK let's start:-the worst hotel I have been to since I am a member of tripadvisor and I review only half of the hotel I visit.-70's like room with stainy carpet.-Turn on your A/C and you listen to an airplane's engine start.-Most of 2 stars motels on a freeway have better bathrooms.-Wonderful view on a busy and noisy motorway.-Almost not existent lobby and very sad indeed.-The evelator issue is far from been solved, so plan 5 minutes each way to go to breakfast (just OK).-Told me I didn't have breakfast included because the system was down, so I had to show the copy of my reservation. System down also when I l left and got the bill by email.I am a member of Priority Club but I swear that I will be very happy to give up some points next time, I mean, it's plenty of hotels in downtown Seattle....  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	1	1	

<Author>BizCasFri
<Content>Nice, but some issues This was my second stay at this location. Great view, nice room. As a Priority Club Member(Intercontinental Hotels' Loyalty program), I was given a nice little package upon arrival, which told me I could locate my complimentary drinks and snacks in the refrigerator in my room. You guessed it, no fridge, no snacks, no drinks. Not that big of a deal, just an irritating detail. Elevators are SLOW. Give yourself about ten minutes to get down to the lobby. Also, water pressure/hot water in my room was abysmal.Valet parking is mandatory, and costs $30.00/day. Ridiculous, but par for the course in Seattle. The good: nicely accoutremented room(save for the missing fridge), with a brand new, huge flatscreen, comfy beds/linens, and a giant window to look out over the city. Spectacular view. Internet service was fast when it worked, which was about 80% of the time. This will set you back $10.00/day. I recommend it, but cautiously. Seems like you should get just a little more bang for your buck at these prices.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>AsiaRoadWarrior
<Content>I should have listened to the reviews The Good: Good Location. The rooms are pretty good and a decent size, beds comfortable and the place was clean. Generally friendly and helpful staff.The Bad: The Elevators are a real problem. We had more than 4 hours where the elevators were not working at all. People were standed on every floor. We had to take the stairs from the 31st floor. It was endless waiting the entire week. The club lounge is pathetically small and there was no where to sit for breakfast (so don't bother upgrading to the club floor). The room air conditioning keeps you awake (even with the supplied ear plugs).For the price it was a very average hotel.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>KLWOregon
<Content>Wow! 5 star service - super clean Stayed at the Crowne Plaza for a conference. Check in/out was a breeze and the staff service throughout the stay was excellent. Clean, quiet rooms.The downside to this hotel is the restaurant, which serves typically overpriced hotel meals. There are a lot of restaurants nearby with better food for less $. If you need a quick fix and something cheap, there's a Subway sandwich shop just outside the front door of the hotel. Sure beats the cost of room service!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>mimioffour
<Content>Our stay at the Crowne Plaza We had concerns about staying here after reading reviews concerning the elevators. We had absolutely no problems. We were there from a Thursday night through Sunday morning. It was clean and we enjoyed the spaciousness and views. Some fruits were in the lobby in the morning, but it seems for the price more of a continental breakfast should be made available. We did not rent a car--after reading on Trip Advisor, we discovered none was needed for Seattle. That way we avoided the parking fee. The concierge could have been more of a help to us with understanding the metro system--in fact, she was no help at all--just told us to look at the signs. We should have studied these routes more through the internet and Trip Advisor forums because we did lose time with this. A couple of friendly Seatllers were more helpful than the concierge. Overall, we had a pleasant stay here. Location was great for our purposes.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>markmywordz
<Content>More upscale downtown Hotel that could use a little TLC       You can see the mountains  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ingleberg
<Content>Great rooms, but... My family had 3 rooms at the Crowne Plaza following an Alaskan cruise. The hotel has unusually large rooms with fantastic views, very comfortable beds, good air conditioning and great showers. However, I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone for the foreseeable future due to terrible elevator issues. This is a 34-story hotel with 4 elevators, 3 of which were working during our stay (we were told that they are in the process of replacing all elevators). This, along with the very small lobby, resulted in horrible crowding as guests wait 5 minutes or more for an elevator. To avoid missing a shuttle bus that we booked, we had to leave our rooms 30 minutes before departure time. All elevators going down were completely packed, so we had to ride the elevator up to the top (stopping on every floor), then back down (again stopping on every floor). That's 33 stops to leave the hotel -- and at every stop we'd see frustrated guests who couldn't fit. Many gave up and took the stairs all the way down.Avoid at all costs until the elevators are replaced.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>atheling
<Content>Wonderful Time We booked a double room on the executive level, which costs a bit more but is well worth it. Our room was spacious, with a spectacular view of the city, Space Needle, and part of Elliott Bay. Our beds were comfortable and, as they hotel promised, our floor was quiet, except for the second night, when a bunch of drunks were in the executive lounge talking loudly after 11:00 p.m. We called the front desk, and they immediately addressed the issue and it was quiet after 15 minutes. Staff is courteous, friendly and attentive. That alone makes this place noteworthy, in my book, as I have had too many incidents with rude hotel staff in my lifetime. Staying on the executive level provided us with nice amenities such as quiet zones, complimentary evening hors d'oeuvres, bottled water, complimentary continental breakfast, a room safe, mini fridge, among others. The only reason why I did not give this an excellent rating was the elevator issue. They have four elevators, but only two were in operation, which made it very slow going! Fortunately whenever staff saw us waiting, they allowed us to use the faster service elevator they use themselves, which is another reason to laud the great staff at this hotel.Valet parking is $30.00 per night, which is standard for a downtown Seattle hotel. Parking is secured, which is better than at the Hilton. Our location was great, allowing us to walk everywhere and experience the bustle of downtown Seattle, yet when we returned to our room, it was like a peaceful, private oasis. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone, and will certainly stay again when I want to spend the night in downtown Seattle.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Callicles
<Content>Not bad, not great Our family of four (2 adutls, 2 children) stayed at the Crowne Plaza at the end of June. Overall, the hotel was fine in all the basic categories: the rooms were fairly nice, comfortable beds, nice LCD TV, clean, and so on. The hotel has a good location. It's only about 10 minutes walking -- leisurely -- to the waterfront and you can walk to Qwest or Safeco field if you've got the time. Similarly, Seattle center isn't far and can be reached by mono rail about 5 blocks from the hotel. So, why the middling review you say? We booked on Hotwire, so we were paying less that $100 a night for the hotel. Any more and I would've been a little more disappointed. The biggest complaints I have are the incidental charges. Now, I know 'there are no free lunches' but I have not stayed in a hotel in years that didn't provide WiFi in the room rate (it was $9.95 for tv internet and, I think, the same for a regular lap top connection). The hotel's parking garage is valet parking and goes for $35 a day. I thought this was outrageous until I discovered how much parking costs everywhere in Seattle, but really the parking was nearly half as much as the room rate PER NIGHT. I read on another review too that elevators take a long, long time and this is true, but not the type of thing to upset me much. Rather, I don't like being 'nickel and dimed.'I'd say the hotel is acceptable, not as affordable as it looks, and I probably wouldn't stay again based on the combination of the two. I think a better value can be had for the cost and without the hassle of being charged for things you'd generally not expect to pay for.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	3	4	1	

<Author>Uncle_Benny_from_BC
<Content>Musky smell The room smelled old and musky. It took me a while to get used to the smell. Luckily we stayed there only 1 night. We requested for a room on the quieter side of the building, so we were given a room on the 30th Floor, facing the south. We could still see the highway, but the noise was barely noticeable. Otherwise, the room was clean enough. Liked the roomy room and bathroom. Covenient location off the highway and access to D/T and Pike Place.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>linusmum
<Content>Decent but nothing over which to fave I stayed at the Crowne Plaza during the SLA conference just this week. The hotel was nice enough and our room, at least, was quite big (we had two double beds). The elevators are horribly slow (as at least one previous review mentioned) and while we were there one of them was out of operation. This gets to be a pain in the butt after you've been out and about all day...standing and waiting for what seems like forever (and there's no way to tell where the dang elevators are, just a light for when they arrive).The Crowne Plaza is right next to the highway but we noticed no noise. It's also hard by the YWCA which has some interesting characters always hanging around. It's a clean place with very helpful staff (the bellmen were the best) although it is not in what I would consider the main happening part of downtown. Oh and also, it is an uphill walk from what seems like almost everywhere. It's not a bad uphill walk but again, at the end of the day it can be a bit tiring.I'd probably stay somewhere else my next time around but I think the Crowne Plaza is a safe bet for most travelers.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>KBrownKAT
<Content>Dated Hotel - Needs Refresh and a Good Scrub Down I travel extensively and used to the ocassional bumps in the road when it comes to hotels. When I arrived at this hotel in mid-afternoon I was told there were no rooms available to match my reservation request (king bed). After extensive negotiations, a king room became available, albeit a handicapped room. The hotel was selected for a group meeting, and as we gathered for our meeting, conversations centered around the 'need to fix' elements of the hotel. So while it could be said this review is based upon a single individual's experience, our group of twenty confirmed their disappointment with the hotel.  The list:  - Low water pressure - plan an extra ten minutes for your shower.  - Hair dryers were old and had little drying power. I gave up after twenty minutes (usually five minutes or less with a decent hair dryer) as it was raining in Seattle anyway. As an added bonus, when you turn on the hairdryer, the bathroom lights flicker. - There are FOUR elevators on the main floor, however the room floors only have access to TWO of the elevators. One elevator only worked stopping at each floor ASCENDING and didn't stop on DESCENDING The second elevator did stop at descending floors, yet was packed with people. After waiting 10 minutes for an elevator, I opted to get on the 'going up only' elevator, that stopped at every floor (32 of them) then quickly descended to the main floor. NOTE: the hotel staff did admit work was being done on the elevators, however two working elevators for a 32 story hotel is unacceptable. - Room carpet needed cleaning, and the dark walls and decor prompting turning on every light in the room to navigate. Hotel room colors are brown, dark orange, and medium yellow. - Lounge wait staff was very friendly, and service was good. - This hotel is right off the freeway and if you're traveling by taxi, it's easy to get out of the cab and enter the hotel. If you're renting a car and staying at the hotel, there is no space in front of the hotel to leave your car, check in and park. So plan to park your car in the garage and then take your bags with you to check in to the hotel.  - If you're okay with horns honking, the freeway exit ramp is located at the hotel entrance, as well as a major left turn from a main street. Any congestion in front of the hotel will prompt usually polite Seattle drivers to honk once or twice to remind folks that the front area of the hotel is a live street lane. Summary: I will choose another hotel for my next trip.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	2	3	3	

<Author>kikrox
<Content>a room with a view If your room is on the right floor and you pay that little bit extra for the view, weather permitting, that view will be spectacular. The staff is courteous, the lounge is amusing, the dèŒ…cor is elegant and the breakfast is yummy. We've stayed here twice and each visit is enjoyable.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>sac2299
<Content>Decent hotel to stay in downtown Seattle The hotel has a great location surrounded by park, restaurants and shopping center. The hotel clerk was very friendly at the front desk. She even lets us do a late check out with my husband's crown membership even though we booked via priceline with a much lower price. We also got a room at one of the club member only floors, and the view is fantastic. We can see the puget sound and space needle. Of course the view will be much better if the weather is not so groomy, but again it's Seattle, one can't expect too much from this rainy city. :)  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kimo767
<Content>Crowne Plaza, beautiful, clean, highrise next to very busy freeway The Crowne Plaza Seattle is a beautiful, sleek highrise with very clean, bright modern rooms. I wish the rooms were furnished with a small refrigerator for guests refreshments and not charge for WI-FI as they do, (hint to the management).Although the building was built in 1980's right next to the very busy I-5 freeway (which was there first), I was disappointed to see that every room have older single pane windows. The freeway noise is dampened somewhat, but very audible to light sleepers or day sleepers. I could hear pre-school chldren playing in Freeway Park from a 24th floor room.The Crowne Plaza is beautiful, clean and modern, so if you can nab an affordable priceline type room rate, I say book it. But for more than $130/night, I recommend looking at other hotel options closer to Seattle's main downtown attractions, away from the freeway.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>alaskamel
<Content>Good, Good, Good! I went to Seattle for a girl's weekend of shopping, eating and FUN. This hotel was included in the package with airfare from travelocity.Everything about this hotel was good. Good service, good location, good room. Ok, I take that back, the view from our room (2454) was EXCELLENT. The girlfriend who was sharing the room with me said that it was the nicest hotel she had stayed in when her parents weren't paying! She's a little cheap, though :)The hotel and rooms were quiet, clean and safe. They were big enough to fit me and my roomie and all of our shopping bags (and there were plenty) comfortably. The maid service was polite and never bothered us - even when we were sleeping in a little late.There were TONS of families with small children staying int his place and I couldn't quite figure out why (I didn't see anything particularly kid friendly) - unless they got a good deal like we did through a website.I love to walk so the location was excellent for me. If you don't like to or unable to walk a distance you may want to find a property a little closer to shopping and the Pike's market.There is NOT 24 hour room service so if you find you need to eat at 4am, I would recomend Milano's Pizza. They deliver. I can't comment on the hotel food. Never ate it.HINT: This is one of the 1st stops for the Bus shuttle service so it is a BARAGIN to pay $17 to take that service from the airport rather than a cab. Hope this helps. Sorry, no photos of this property.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>WeTravelWeLove
<Content>Very Nice Hotel My husband and I stayed at the Crown Plaza during spring break. Upon arrival, we were told that we would be given a room with two beds, even though I had booked a king bed. The matter was resolved quickly. The staff was helpful and met our requests. The room was large, clean, quiet and had a great view. The location of the hotel is decent. Overall, it was great experience. I really have no complaints (though, as others have said, the elevators are a bit slow). I would stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>John_sg0107
<Content>Decent Hotel But Paper Thin Walls Stayed at the Crowne Plaza Seattle for 3 nights during the Easter Weekend. The hotel is located about 5 or 6 mins walk to the main shopping area. The room was clean and had a 37 inch flat screen tv, there is also a radio alarm clock with cd player.The only negative point is that I could hear everything that was going on in the room next door due to the paper thin walls and there was no fridge in the room to keep drinks cool.If you are flying in to Seattle try the Gray Line Downtown Airporter bus which drops off at the Crowne Plaza for only $17 return. It's alot cheaper than a cab.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>muchuckles
<Content>Okay Experience This was a decent hotel but there are better ones in this price range. There was a cute bag of signature Crowne Plaza goodies on the bed when I walked in--scented pillow spray, an eye pillow, CD, etc. It was a nice touch and I actually used the eye pillow and spray. The elevators took absolutely FOREVER. One of them was broken, and the hotel was pretty full, so that was definately a factor, but I was on an upper floor and I am not exaggerating, it would take 5-7 minutes for the elevator to come almost every time. Overall, this is a nice property and had no real flaws. Great location!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>WarEagle2007
<Content>Very Nice!       View from my room on the 29th floor  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hooten
<Content>bad first impression Unfortunately I had a very negative first impression of this hotel because of the staff when I checked in. We stayed two nights and the rest of the visit was fine. I liked the bed except that the mattress pad was bunched up under the sheets and didn't go all the way to the foot of the bed. The best part of the stay was the free fitness room. The business center was also convenient.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SuzyWM
<Content>nice hotel, nice place Stayed 3 nights pre Alaskan cruise last year. Hotel was good, just as expected. Decent location. Excellent beds. Lovely room with view over the city. My only gripe is that Seattle had the most panhandlers we have EVER experienced anywhere. In the world. It was disconcerting at times as some were aggressive and pushy.However, Seattle was great. We especially enjoyed the Underground Tour and riding the Ducks!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>hgeurtsen
<Content>Not worth the money The Seattle downtown Crowne Plaza hotel is a very typical average business hotel without amosphere. It is situated near the I90 / I5 and even on the 23rd floor where I was, you can hear the sound of the highway considerably. Rooms are large and clean, beds are OK. Breakfast is reasonable, but typical American style (fat and sweet). Bar and restaurant are quite expensive, but a rich choice of downtown bars and restaurants are within walking distance. If you arrive from the airport, bear in mind that you cannot checkin before 4 pm.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	3	3	

<Author>tacomarick
<Content>New Years eve at the Crowne Plaza       LIVING AREA  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jcre
<Content>Great stay Stayed at this property in August and November. As noted by others, long elevator waiting time was experienced in August but greatly improved in November. Hotel is located near highway and is on the Greyline Airporter stops. Very good location, walking distance to Pike Place, and downtown shopping malls.Found the staff to be pleasant during both stays. Rooms are adequate in size and beds extremely comfortable. Rooms XX65 are corner rooms which are very spacious and have nice views. Rooms XX51 are located near ice and vending machines and may be noisy. Room service is fast and tasty but expensive and not too many choices for dinner. Overall well worth the price for the $150 to $200 price range.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>degreemd
<Content>Now this is a nice hotel!! I arrived late from a flight and was pleased to find a very beautiful crowne plaza hotel. $129 a night - Excellent value and an Excellent stay.There is Valet parking for $28 a night and I took that so I don't know if there is a parking ramp close to it or not.Check in was fast and very professional. The room was clean, soft King size bed, quiet, good food (room service), and updated or just very well taken care of. Check out had a few problems. I was double charged for Valet - Corrected. And I didn't like the front desk managers (Morning) attitude. He seemed busy doing nothing and let me stand there for awhile as he poked at the key board. I was going to complain, but that seems to never get a response any longer.Easy to get on the freeway.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	3	4	

<Author>MichelleLim
<Content>Seattle Crown Plaza not worth the money We got in late to the hotel (1230pm) and they gave away my reservation for a king sized bed though I had travel/business for four days booked at the hotel. The girl at the reception desk was asked if that was b/c we were late she blamed the day shift for giving away the room since 4pm. Then the first thing she said was There's nothing else I can do for you proceded by an offer for breakfast and to change our room in the morning. She was rude, could not make good eye contact and I had to ask for her manager's name. They didn't have a manager until the morning. The next few days people were much more helpful and pleasant to deal with. But I found the hotel accomodations itself so so. It seemed old and in need of a lot of renovations. For example, the wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling off. Once we got into our king bedroom, they gave us a corner room probably for our inconvenience. However, the furniture did not seem to fit the room. The TV was small and the dressers were small. We tried to use the safe in the room but it was broken. We immediately called the front desk and asked for help. Three days later we checked out and it was never addressed. One good thing about it though was the food. The breakfast buffet was healthy and very good. We had lunch there too (the manager was trying to make up for her poorly trained employee) and the clam chowder, salmon and spinach salad and crab cakes were really good.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	3	3	

<Author>Rosieqtx
<Content>Boring but pleasant - not really worth the money. We stayed here for a conference. Our view from the 18th floor was of a highway spaghetti bowl. The beds were excellent, the room was spacious. Elevators still stupidly slow, and it wouldn't have mattered if the hallways hadn't smelled terrible - like sour milk. Other folks told me this was true on their floors, too. Earlier in the week we'd stayed in a motel on Bainbridge Island for $80 a night. I'm not sure what the extra $150+ for the Crowne Plaza got us besides a downtown location and a little more floorspace.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelingMan3
<Content>Priority Award Floor? 32 I am a member of Hilton Honors and Priority Award (Intercontinental Chain). Although I use Hilton properties more, I chose not to pay over $250.00 a night for the Seattle Hilton.I was given a gold hotel room key at checkin for a room on the 32nd floor. Although the view was quite impressive, that is where the good experience ended.  The 32nd floor is reserved for Priority Members and has a lounge for complimentary appetizers in the evening. My room was adjacent to the elevator as well as across from the lounge. After dinner I returned to my room around 9:30. Between 10- 12 Pm/Am the lounge is cleaned up by the hotel staff with vacuums going and the employees chattering and making incessant noise, as if they were cleaning up a commercial office building with no regard to guests (Priority Club, no less) on the floor. Management should take a clue and have the lounge cleaned up between 8-9- common sense.Finally, as other posters have indicated -- when you are right next to the elevator shaft, you will hear it. Also, I waited for 10 minutes for an elevator to arrive around 5:00 PM. Should have taken a clue when I saw the earplugs and sleep kit on my bed at check - in.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	3	-1	3	

<Author>NcyPeacock1
<Content>Excelllent Hotel Had a wonderful experience at this hotel. The Baltimore Orioles were staying in the hotel at the same time and it was nice to see the fans outside the hotel after the games. The front desk was wonderful. I had a room on the 28th floor which I could see the water and it was great.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jennie0824
<Content>Great hotel The hotel was nice and our room was really comfortable and clean. The location was also pretty good...it was only a few blocks from Pike Place Market and the waterfront. I'd definitely stay here again if I'm in Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>TENNDAWG
<Content>Everything you might expect from the Crowne Plaza Brand Although we had reserved a non-smoking king we were advised that none were available upon arrival. However, the hotel was willing to accomodate us by offering a corner n/s room with a queen size bed (handicapped room), which turned out to be a king sized bed. The staff was very professional, but, as far as recommendations were concered well, they had their moments. Suffice it to say however, that we were definetly steered in the right direction on restaurant suggestions. It is a few blocks walk from Pike Place Market; however, it is not inconvenient. So when you hear the term within walking distance - believe it. You are about 3-4 blocks from wonderful shopping and the monorail to the Space Needle. And, there are several wonderful places to eat around this area.Clean, quiet  comfortable room and, although we would shop around for prices, we would definetly stay here again. I have always considered Crowne Plaza's a little bit of a cut above sometimes on par with some of the Hiltons and Sheratons I've stayed in. This one held up the Crowne Plaza reputation I have come to enjoy. Although we didn't eat at the hotel they do have a restaurant. We saw many families and tourist groups, as well as a business conference attendees in the lobby, so, I would recommend considering this hotel for business or pleasure travel. Our trip was both.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	5	4	

<Author>GroundedKiwi
<Content>Hmmm...not really good enough So I'm a Intercontinental Hotels Platinum card member, so I did get upgraded to a Club level suite. So the fact that I found the whole stay pretty average says a lot.The location is not great, the staff are more interested in themselves then helping guests (in one case advising me to take my 9 year old son to a 21+ only bowling / entetainment location. The club level free breakfast often was poorly staffed so that it all ran out if a few people came at the same time.I've stayed at many Crowne Plaza hotels and this one, a franchise, just is not up to it.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	1	4	2	1	3	

<Author>LadyMo
<Content>Great stay, but the MUST do something about the elevators! Agree with previous posts about this hotel's elevators. I stayed 4 nights 8/5 - 8/9. Checked into room early, was given a corner Club room on 34th floor with fabulous views of Elliott Bay, Space Needle, Lake Union. The bed was great. I think I slept better than I had in weeks! The morning Club Level continental breakfast and afternoon snacks were very good. I ordered room service twice, just pizza or sandwich and they arrived promptly. Pizza was actually pretty good! I was impressed with the desk personnel who called me by name each time they saw me. The only mishap I had was locking myself out of my room . . . in my gown when I was putting the room service tray out for housekeeping to pick up. Duh! I went down the hall and heard some people in one of the rooms and knocked. They let me use the phone to call the front desk. A security guard showed up in 3 - 4 minutes! He used the service elevator which apparently is never freed up for the public. The elevators were the only complaint I had during my stay there. We have more business in Seattle and I will definitely stay at Crowne Plaza again! Like the other poster, I will just plan to leave early to catch an elevator!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RedSox604
<Content>Pleasant Stay - but hotel needs to address the elevator issues Stayed at the Crowne Plaza Seattle for five nights at the beginning of August and had a pleasant stay.I had reserved a view room, and was able to check-in immediately upon arrival, about noon. Although I had not paid the higher rate for a club level room, because I am a Priority Club Gold level member, I was given access to the club lounge for continental breakfast and evening snacks. There was also access to a microwave for making popcorn at night.The view room was on a high floor (30) and overlooked the city and bay instead of the freeway. Worth the extra $$. It was a large room, with a desk/chair and an additional arm chair.The location was in downtown, close to shopping areas. BUT, everywhere to walk is downhill, which means it is a long uphill walk back. Pike's Market is definitely walking distance to get there - but I took a cab back up the hill. I was taking in Sox/Mariners games at Safeco field, and Safeco (and the adjacent Quest field) are about a 20-25 minute walk. The Concierge was not terribly helpful with directions or information on local buses --- just suggested we walk.The rooms were standard Crowne Plaza rooms: fluffy white linens, extra pillows, etc. I think in some other CPs I have stayed at the mattresses may have been pillowtop, but not this one. The mattress definitely could have been more comfortable. The rooms were very clean. Housekeeping serviced the room twice a day: in the morning they made up beds and replaced towels; later, they returned early evening and turned down the beds, closed the drapes, replaced any used towels and turned the radio on softly.I did not dine in the restaurant, but ordered room service twice. Both times I ordered just sandwiches, but they were good and arrived quickly and hot. Room service is available late - until about 1AM. The breakfast in the club lounge was more than adequate. There was a large selection of bagels, muffins, danish and scones, assorted cereals, assorted fruit and choices of coffee, tea and juices.The lobby was always extremely crowded during the day. There seems to be a convention of some sort going on, and they had taken over several function areas as well as the lobby.The biggest problem was the elevator service. The hotel was quite full due to this event. While there was a bank of 4 elevators visible, it appears that at least one was locked down for service use, and another may have been out of service. I never saw it operating. That left 2 slow elevators to service a full 34 floor hotel. One evening I returned around 11PM to literally find a line of folks across the lobby waiting for elevators. It took me 25 minutes to get up to my room. Even more annoying was that the hotel staff seemed unconcerned by this and did not open up the service elevator. At other times there were quite long waits, but 25 minutes was the worst.Overall, I liked this hotel. Next time I may look into staying somewhere a bit closer to the waterfront, but if the rate was better, I wouldn't hesitate to stay at the Crowne Plaza again. (I'd just need to remember to be patient when calling an elevator.)  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>zman700
<Content>It is a Holiday Inn!! 1st time to Seattle for a delayed anniversary trip so I wanted to stay at some nicer hotels but our room reminded us more of a Holiday Inn level hotel. It was a plain room with a few extra pillows. The bathroom had an ordinary corian sink in an ordinary bathroom. Our room was on a higher floor looking down on the freeway, which was very loud. There is a reason they give earplugs and a sleep CD. We asked to switch rooms and was told they were full and would probably stay that way through our stay which was only for 2 nights since we were staying in another hotel to be in a different area of town. After we put our luggage in our room, we decided to go get something to eat. We stopped at the Concierge and asked what was a good place to walk to and was rudely told to just walk around the area and we would find something. Not sure if he was the Concierge or a doorman just sitting at the desk but we expected some help. We decided that night to call our other hotel and see if we could come in a day earlier, which they happily said that we could. I had used club points for the Crowne rooms so maybe that is why the lousy experience but we opted to leave and go pay for a room in a luxury hotel, Hotel 1000.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>Merlinbreaker
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Great Location Terriffic hotel well located in the heart of down Seattle, but a real pain to get to with the cities one way system. I can see the hotel but how the hell do I get to it!!Superb Club level room with emaculate white linen, large and spacious with great veiws of the city, Rennaisance hotel and the freeway. Room service was efficient and well presented (and tasted good). Only problem we had was the wife went down with serious food poisoning from one of the fast food joints in the mall. A major problem in Seattle I'm led to believe.Overall I couldn't fault the hotel in the Emerald City, from its clean and upmarket lobby to the efficient maid service, this hotel makes you feel at home. Would certainly stay here next time I visit the city.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Wanderer065
<Content>Friendly Staff  We recently attended a family reunion at this hotel. We can only commend the hotel for its service, friendly staff and great food. Nothing seemed to be too much trouble for any member of staff to deal with.The only problem we had was a rather noisy maid on our floor but that was a minor irritation.I cannot recommend this hotel too highly.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lsmlady
<Content>pampered at the plaza I stayed at the Crowne Plaza for one night on business. I live only about 1 1/2 hours away, but because I had an early morning meeting and traffic can be quite congested, I needed to stay in town.  The pluses: I booked on hotwire and was given a suite with a separate bedroom for a great price. The room was immaculate and came with two TVs. The bed was quite comfortable. The extras like the sleep kit (lavender spray, ear plugs and face eye mask) and clips to hold the drapes closed were a nice touch. The food at the restaurant was excellent, and fairly priced for Seattle. If my kids were with me, I probably would have selected somewhere less expensive because there are so many great restaurants in the area. I loved the workout room,-- had great equipment, two TVs and bottled water. The minuses: (1) the location is close to the freeway and comparatively noisy; (2) the location is not as central as most downtown hotels but this is not a big problem becauses buses are freqent and free in the downtown area; (3) even from the 14th floor the view was not very good, I mostly saw nearby roofs and the streets below. Parking: Parking was slightly more expensive here (28.00) per night, but parking is expensive everywhere in the downtown area. I paid $26.00 the next night at the Red Lion. And at the red lion guests can only park until 4:00 pm on the day of check out. I was able to park until 7:00 pm at the Plaza with no extra charge. I would have stayed the next night as well but booked at the Red Lion instead because the Plaza was full. See my review of the Red Lion for comparisons. Instead I stayed a below.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>longmil
<Content>Pleasantly surprised Stayed at the Seattle Crowne Plaza on June 13  14. Upon checking in, I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. I booked a club level room and was given a room on the 33rd floor with a nice view. The room was clean with white bedding. The curtain clip and sleep aid kit was a nice touch. Club level guests have access to the lounge which is located on the 32nd floor. From 7:00am to 9:00am, the lounge offers breakfast which includes pastries, muffins, bagels, cold cuts, cereal  fresh fruit. Hot and cold beverages were also included. Between 5:00pm and 7:00pm, they offer dinner snacks/finger foods like pizza, spring rolls, samosa's. Bottled juices and can pop were also available. Alcoholic drinks were an extra charge. I believe the club level louge does not serve dinner snacks on the weekends.The hotel is centrally located within walking distance to Pike Market Place, the Waterfront, and Pacific Place (Sixth Ave.  Pine). Parking was expensive at $30.00 per night. Overall, we had a great stay, and would certainly stay here again when visiting Seattle.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>eyhung
<Content>Great location, spacious room, quiet Relatively good price and central location to major sites (Pike Market, library, symphony, downtown shopping, Pioneer Square, Safeco Field, etc.) We were in a corner room on the 20th floor and had a view of the freeway and downtown (not the best but still better than facing another building!) Our room was quiet, spacious and clean, and the 2 double beds were very comfortable. The room comes with a CD player, and free welcome kit with sleeping CD, eye mask, lavender spray and ear plugs. TV was old-fashioned 25 and we had cable, but some channels were fuzzy. We had the hotel's breakfast buffet twice and enjoyed it. At $14.95 per person it was not cheap, but that includes an omlette station and the food was tasty. (There weren't really any other cheap breakfast places close by.)Elevators were really slow! Lobby is smallish and it can get real crowded around check-in/out times. Small gift shop in lobby is open til 10 pm, really convenient for getting snacks, drinks, newspapers, toiletries, etc.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>rjfmkt
<Content>Nice place Stayed here for a famiy wedding. After reading other reviews (and asking the concierge) decided not to pay for the internet service. Location was perfect. Close to Pike St Market, Belltown, the pier, and Pioneer Square. The staff was exceedingly helpful and pleasant. Rooms were clean and well appointed. A nice feature was the curtain clip that held the curtains together so we could avoid the morning sun and get some sleep.Restaurant/Bar had good food and was reasonably priced  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>juliebug52
<Content>First Stay Here and I liked it I had a good rate at this hotel and had a room on the 24th floor. Great view. The room was nice and clean and I liked the sleep aid, which includes a dvd, lavender spray for your pillows, eyemask and earplugs. I didn't notice any noise but I walked to a baseball game and maybe I was tired! The staff was helpful and very friendly. I stay in Seattle somewhat frequently for business and I would stay here again. Parking is always expensive in Seattle..welcome to the city!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Love2Travel4Fun
<Content>Clean and Courteous! I stayed at the CP on June 25-27, 2007 while on a business trip in Seattle. I called once I arrived at the airport to see if I could check in early and the front desk was very accommodating. They put me in non-smoking, king size room on the 7th floor per my request for a lower level floor. The room and bathroom were extremely clean and comfortable and I'm a germaphobe so I inspected the room pretty carefully (especially after some of the reviews below). The furniture had a few scratches but was no where near the descriptions in some of the reviews below. My room looked as though it had been updated within the last year or so b/c the carpet was in good condition, the bed was very comfortable, and the linens (including the bed spread) were very clean. The room had a tv, desk, coffee pot, sleep kit for relaxation, a lounge chair and king size bed with night stands on either side. It also had plenty of lighting which was good for business. The hotel restaurant had decent food . . . it was moderately priced. The bar had a cheaper menu with sandwhiches and soups if you preferred. They would also prepare your food so you could take it to your room. The hotel also had room service but I needed a temporary break from the room. The hotel also had a gift shop with lots of things that you may have forgotten. The business center was ridiculously expensive to use. The free fitness room looked good - decent amount of equipment. The hotel is only about 5 blocks from the Westlake Center shopping and the monorail to the Space Center. You can easily walk to it. Also, if you are in the touristy area of Seattle, you can take the buses for free between 6am-7pm. Grab a Seattle Map and look for the key to the free bus area. The walls are very thin but I feel that is to be expected and most of the guests respected the other guest's schedules. I would definitely return on business.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Stacyrhou
<Content>ok hotel, nothing special Enjoyed stay, got good price on Hotwire. Would not have paid the regular rate. Location is close to downtown shopping. Walkable distance to Pike Place Market. Parking is 30.00. Our view was not good. It was of the Hilton next door. Room was average. Very small beds.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>obrienjs
<Content>Great for the price We stayed here for 2 nights in May for our sons birthday. Took in the M's vs. Yankees games both Saturday  Sunday. The room was clean, looked like it had been recently updated. The beds were comfortable, only complaint is that the room had 2 double beds instead of 2 Queen beds. Double is a little small for 2 especially when you are used to a King, but we survived. The parking is crazy expensive for $28/night, so since we knew we would not need our car for the entire weekend, we parked at the convention center for $17 a night and walked to the hotel, which is only a few blocks.The elevators are very, very slow. My husband and son went to the breakfast buffet and said it was very expensive for what they got.For the price we paid $85.00/night, I would definately stay there again. For their published rack rate of over $200 a night, no way.We really enjoyed the location and were able to walk to all parts of the city. All in all we would stay again.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>GaryGnu21
<Content>Good location and value for downtown I stayed here because I was in town for a conference at the convention center and it was a little less expensive than the other downtown hotels. I was able to book a club room for less than the rate of a regular room at some of the other hotels. It included a continental breakfast in the club lounge with pastries, cereal and fruit, as well as early-evening appetizers (charge for alcoholic beverages, though), and I got a room on a high floor with a great view of the city. They also gave a coupon for a free appetizer at the bar.The hotel is very convenient if you have business at the convention center -- it's about a three minute walk through the park across the street directly to the convention center's side door. Everything else was fine -- decent gym and OK bar. I'd stay here and try and book a club room if I visit Seattle again.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Mianel
<Content>Terribly overpriced! Stayed at the Crowne Plaza in May 2007 for 4 nights during a business trip. I reserved a room at the Executive Club Level for éˆ§?351 per night ! And besides that you have to pay $ 9.95 per day for wireless internet access, come on! I couldn't believe my eyes when I entered my club level room. Only basic furniture in the room, completely outdated and wornout, the desk chair could not be raised and was far too low for me, there was no other comfortable chair, colors from the seventies. The only good thing is the stunning view over Seattle from the 32nd floor. The club level has its own lounge with complementary beverages and snacks. However, it is closed on Fri and Sat. Can you believe this? Why do I book on the club level then and pay a lot of money for that?Don't forget anything when you go out because it takes ages to go up and down with the elevators. The only good thing is the location, on walking distance of the Conference Centre and anything else you want to do.Terribly overpriced hotel, depressing room, club level service ashame. My only advice is: avoid this hotel!!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	3	3	1	

<Author>hoteljunkie25
<Content>cool city view For $55 (plus $28 for valet parking) I got a spacious corner room on the 25th floor in their quiet zone with what felt like a panoramic city view of Seattle.....I was impressed! Check in was good; the lady gave me the best room she could (no kings available) so that was cool. The lobby is nice and moderate sized....suprising considering this is 30 plus story hotel. Valet is the only option for parking; I was surprised how much but then heard the Sheraton charges over $30....the down side of staying downtown but whatever. Marble floors in the bathrooms, crowne CD player, no minibar or fridge, room service is open until 1AM which was good.....pricing is what you'd expect, but not terrible. Restaurants seemed a few blocks off, which is fine in the daytime. Vending ($2 for 20 oz bottle) and ice are on every other floor, which is odd. There is a business center but it's not free. The Crowne beds aren't as great as some comparable hotels in my opinion, but they look good. All in all, great for the value priceline usually provides.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PDandSJ
<Content>Poor Customer Service My husband and I stayed at the Crowne Plaza last weekend (6/8 - 6/10). The facilities were great but the poor customer service (read: bad attitudes and lack of competency) put a serious damper on our experience. Some examples: the concierge service was relegated to the bell hop (charming guy, but didn't have much information), when I ordered room service, my request was met with an annoyed sigh, the people at the front desk were unable to give my husband a receipt which included all the nights he stayed and we saw another front desk employee argue with a quite pleasant customer because he didn't realize that check-in time was at 4:00. When we spoke to the manager about these problems, all we received was an insipid and insincere apology. We've consistently received much better service at lower rated hotels.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	4	5	1	2	3	

<Author>KristinaLF
<Content>Not again When we first entered the busy hotel lobby, I thought there was a prom or wedding taking place as music was blaring at an uncomfortable level. It turned out to be the evening's entertainment for the bar on the second floor.Our room was on the tenth floor, and although it was clean with a partial view, the mismatched furniture had seen better days. For $360.00 per night, I expected that the room would have a mini-bar and toiletries in the bathroom, but it didn't.The housekeepers started early in the morning and were quite noisy in the halls, but the most annoying thing about the stay was the flea bites I got from sleeping in the bed.I'll go somewhere else next time we're in Seattle.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>BusinessTraveler90
<Content>Not so bad. Pros:1. Great location, close to pike place market and two nice restaurants (tulio, wild ginger)2. Valet parking.. at first I thought holy moly, $28 per day for parking! but then as I walked around downtown, I realized the rate wasn't so bad. Most of the parking dowtown is just as expensive or even worse3. Clean rooms, clean hotel----Negatives1. Wireless internet access is spotty at best. It was just so frustrating to get access even tho I went thru their tech support and a wireless bridge.2. Walls are really thin.. had to listen to a super screamer two-yr-old all night. Very very frustrating.3. Location -- soooo very difficult to get here from the 5 South at Rush hour.. probably 20 minutes drive after you exit the 5 b/c of all the traffic. The hotels parking lot is on SENECA, not 6th. So keep that in mind when you're planning your driving routes.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yalel
<Content>Great potential, many problems This hotel has a lot going for it: pleasant and professional staff, nice decor, comfortable bedding, great location, stunning views from some rooms. Nonetheless, for my needs, I cannot stay here. The biggest problem for me was that internet access in the room is an extremely weak wi-fi. At this hotel, the internet access seems to work at first, then it slows down, then it dies, then works, then dies.... ARGH!!!!!! I spent a long time on the phone with their tech support, to no avail. The hotel staff were honest with me: lot's of customers complain about our internet access. Any business class or high level tourist hotel MUST offer a reliable fast internet. Internet is integral part of life. I also experienced other problems at this hotel, such as VERY slow elevators. The elevator capacity appears to be inadequate for the size of the hotel. Also, staff are sometimes missing in action (such as a busy bar scene with no bartender, no staff at all for an extended period.). Finally, the only parking available is via valet, which can be ok, but their valet brought me the wrong car (how does one mistake a Honda Accord for a Ford Escape?). Ultimately, this hotel has great potential, but suffers from many highly irritating, easily fixable problems (other than slow elevators, which are indeed highly irritating but may prove hard to fix).  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>1	2	4	4	3	4	3	1	

<Author>lidar532
<Content>Five Star price, 1 Star or less Internet. Stayed at the Crowne Plaza Seattle to attend a conference held there. They actually charge $9.95/day for the in-room wireless service. The wireless signal was 1 bar, sometimes 2 bars and generally registered as weak on my 10th floor room. To make matters worse, the provided connection is only 256kb down link and 128kb up-link speed. The connection is painfully slow and frequently just log-jams totally. It's hard to believe a five-star hotel in tech savvy Seattle would have such outdated antiquated internet connectivity and then actually have the nerve to actually charge $.9.95/day for it as well. The room is ok, not great, and appears to have been remodeled with another layer of wall paper and some paint one two many times. It does have a great view of downtown.Avoid this hotel if you need reliable internet while traveling.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	3	3	1	

<Author>pat099
<Content>Loved the Crowne Plaza We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights before a cruise out of Seattle.The hotel was everything I expected. We were on the 29th floor and the view was spectacular. The room was very clean, furnished very nicely. I really cannot say anything bad about this hotel except that the restaurant was very expensive. Hotel staff were very helpful. The location is convenient and within walking distance of several attractions. I would stay here again if I could get a decent nightly rate.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>MaciEugene
<Content>Just OK Stayed at the Crowne Plaza at the end of April, 2007 and it was just ok. Reserved a room on the Executive Club Level and it was a joke. They have complementary beverages and snacks EXCEPT for Fri and Sat. Hello? Don't most people stay in hotels on the weekends? They instead gave us a coupon to use at their restaurant. Who wants to eat at the hotel when you have a beautiful city like Seattle to explore? Definitely not worth the upgrade to executive. The view was spectacular, rooms were average at best. No microwave, refrigerator barely kept drinks cool. Sleeping aid package is a joke. One thing that was nice was the location. It was within walking distance from Qwest field and Pike Market. After talking with some friends that stayed at the Hyatt (and seeing their lobby and room), I will stay there next time. The Hyatt has a club regency floor that was WAY nicer than anything at the Crowne Plaza. Will not stay here again.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	3	1	

<Author>ry0ohki
<Content>Liked it less then expected While the lobby and website made this look like a 4-star hotel, the rooms themselves were terribly dated. $10 a night for wireless Internet Access that barely worked to the point of being unusable where I was at the end of the hall. Otherwise, the rooms were generally clean, the location is very convenient, and the price is reasonable.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	3	1	

<Author>brownsq
<Content>Nice place - had a good stay Stayed the weekend of 4/27 - 4/29. We got a good rate of $89 per night. The room was clean, comfortable, very comfy bed and nice linens. The bathroom was a good size. Our room was on the 25th floor (the quiet zone) and had a large window facing the freeway with a surprisingly nice view of the Cascades. The front desk folks were pleasant, friendly and knowledgable. They let us check in early, at 1:00, with no problem. The location is great - easy walking to everything downtown and Pioneer Square. For breakfast we found a nice bakery a couple of blocks away, Specialties, for a cheap meal.I did notice that they charge for local calls, internet service,  parking. But we didn't use any of these (took the train to Seattle) so didn't have any of these extra fees. I recommend the Crowne Plaza especiallly if you can get this good rate!  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>alejandro_hove
<Content>Great stay!       View from the room  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>TravelBug0817
<Content>Avoid Crowne Plaza Although the location is pretty good, the overall service was horrible. The woman at the hotel reception was curt. When we got to our room we had two double beds. We called down to see if we could switch rooms to either one queen or king and the operator said no because we booked through priceline. The room was a nice size...of course it was, it had two beds. The heater was a bit smelly. The bathroom smelled like mildew, and it was difficult to find accurate water temperature on the shower. Overall, I would avoid this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>viccity
<Content>Location great for Convention Centre events Stayed at the Crowne Plaza for two nights while attending the Flower and Garden Show at the Seattle Convention Centre. The location was perfect....a short walk to the Centre. Had a few problems with the reservation and had to clarify it more than once prior to our arrival but the staff were always helpful in straightening things out. Also had a problem at check out but again staff were quick to rectify once problem was brought to their attention. Not sure if this is common or we were just unlucky. Lots of amenities within the hotel. Room was nice and the bed was comfortable. Very clean. Elevators were a bit slow. The location worked well for this visit but iI would consider staying closer to the downtown core and waterfront another time.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>ScottLondon
<Content>Great Base for the City Stayed here recently after booking the hotel on it's own website for a reasonable rate.Were over only for the weekend from the UK and had to pack plenty in over three days.Found the hotel very easily, just next to the exit Seneca on the I5. Valet parked our car which was expensive. About æ‹¢16 ($28) per day.Check in was seamless and an unusually pleasent experience. The staff were very friendly. Took the advice from here and booked a exec room, which was not too much more. Beds were amazing as was the view, when the fog lifted. Bathroom was ok and the television had loads of channels on it.The buffet breakfast was great, but there are no eggs included so we had to eat downstairs. I liked the idea of having a seperate floor which can only be accessed by a room key.Loved the city, found plenty of bars, a great restaurant by the Benaroya Hall. Visit the Boeing Factory (about 30 miles away) it's quite breathtaking in size.Seattle made me remember why I love America and it's people so much.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>BookAngel
<Content>An Amazing Hotel - Elegant, Friendly, Comfortable This hotel is gorgeous with amazing views, a helpful staff who will bend over backward for you and a prime location. It seems like 4 star and is just a magical place to stay. My only complaint is $27 parking fee per day plus $10 wifi per day which drive the price up. But it's worth a lot to be here. I felt so cared for and it was quite elegant.They give you may extras like unbelievably comfortable beds with down duvets, night lights, clips for the curtains, sleep kits with CD, earplugs and eye shades (none of which were needed) and free coffee and Twining teas. It is elegant and even the food was good there.I highly recommend it. Location was perfect, next to the W and Marriott but I'd rather stay at the Crowne Plaza any day.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jaspas
<Content>just right We were ill when we arrived in Seattle and what a relief to have such a comfortable hotel room to recover in! We decided to pay a few dollars extra and get the room just one down from a suite (not too much more on advance purchase). Situated on the 32nd floor was teriffic! And an enourmous continental breakast selection was also included in the price. The location was perfect, right in downtown Seattle and the staff most helpful. We'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>icem2829
<Content>Solid hotel in a great location. The Crowne Plaza Seattle is a very nice and comfortable hotel in a great location. It is just off interstate 5 --which make it very easy to find. It is also within walking distance of almost all the downtown locations. Qwest field is about a 15 min walk, Pike Market about 10, and The Space Needle about 20-25. So unless you plan on traveling out of town there is little need for a rental car.Upon check in the front desk clerk asked us if we would like a high floor with a nice view of the mountains, which worked fine with us. Outside of clouds and fog the view was great. The rooms were a decent size, nothing huge but big enough, and tastefully decorated. The bathrooms fit the profile of a 4 star hotel. They were clean and came with plenty of amenties. Room service was excellent. Fast with great service. The selection could be expanded slightly though. We briefly checked out the hotel bar, which was very classy although expensive. All in all we were very satisfied with the Crowne Plaza. If you get a decent rate I would strongly reccommend it.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>wpack99
<Content>Pretty Decent Room was nice and comfortable. The bar was terrible. Expensive drinks, bartender was awful. Had limes for drinks but did not want to cut them. He was stealing the place blind by charging for drinks but not ringing them up on the register. He added gratuity to the bill on the first night and did not mention it until I saw the receipt and commented. I have never seen an automatic gratuity added to the tab at a US bar. We didn't let our bar experience ruin our stay. The check in staff was outstanding and friendly. We liked Silver expecially.Would stay here again. $85 one night and $130 for NYE. A bargain.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>StevenGerrards
<Content>Good experience Having booked at last minute to escape the University Tower hotel (see review), this proved an excellent last minute find.Central, clean rooms and good views, albeit the rooms themselves even on the exec levels weren't exactly spacious.Try and book the executive rooms if possible - good choice of breakfast and hors d'oeuvres through the day makes the overall package palatable.Restaurant a little pricey but good food - if only staying one night, skip this and try Benihana just down the road from the hotel, great food and atmosphere.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>Meet-the-Furkids
<Content>Great Hotel for a City Break This is a rather late review since we stayed at the Crowne Plaza Seattle in May 2006. However, since I have just joined Tripadvisor, I thought It would be useful to leave a review. My husband  I were in Seattle for a 6 night city break. Having always wanted to visit Seattle, we chose this hotel as we are priority club members  we got a good deal booking online.We had a room on the top floor (club level) with the complimentary breakfast / evening snacks  we had no gripes whatsoever. The view was incredible - the space needle  city lights at night just beautiful  the morning sun over the water amazing. The hotel is well located  easily accessible to the main department stores / downtown shopping. Yes, its a little walk to Pike Place  the Space Needle but certainly not miles  its a rather pleasant walk. We hired a car for 2 days  visited some out of town malls as well as the Boeing factory (awesome)  the Microsoft campus. We did go up the space needle  ate in the restaurant one evening - whilst the view was great, the food was only OK  you really are paying for the view (which incidentally, is not half as good as the view from the CN tower in Toronto), so I'd think twice about eating at the top of the Space Needle.All in all, we loved Seattle. The people are so friendly  go out of their way to help. The hotel was perfect for our needs. Clean, efficient  a spacious room. We would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>hotel2006av
<Content>Really Perfect! Great price of $120/night.Upon check in, we were given a free room upgrade, with a beautiful view and access to their complimentary breakfast the next morning.The front desk was friendly, and the room was beautiful, clean and luxurious.We had to leave early the next morning so we did not see much of the hotel but from what we saw, we were pleased.I will definitely stay here again when I am in town- I love free upgrades.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Flaesb
<Content>Pleasant experience The location of the hotel is good and convenient; within walking distance of everywhere. We had a room on the 34th floor (Club Level) facing the water, and the view was spectacular. Room was large, newly furnished, marble bath with a very comfortable king bed. Elevators were fast (although there are only 3). The lounge is small and drinks rather pricey. Service was average, and check-in and out was prompt and courteous. Club Level includes continental breakfast, which was a money and time-saver in the mornings. It was a good experience and the hotel experience is similar to other Crowne Plaza hotels. My one gripe: since I did not make the reservation directly with the hotel, I was told my stay was non-qualifying for Priority Club reward points. That is an annoying and silly rule, and will make me think twice about booking at this hotel group again. Crowne Plaza hotels (unlike Marriott hotels) still have smoking rooms available. If you are a smoker, that is good news, if not, be sure to request a non-smoking room!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	3	1	

<Author>Travelkidd
<Content>Great location! There were three of us traveling so we tried to book suites at in every city. We were having trouble finding a decently priced suite until we found the Crowne Plaza.The suite itself was a decent size with great views of the city. The king size bed and all the sleeping amenities made for a great sleep.The staff at the front desk were friendly and helpful. The hotel is a very short walk from the city centre and a few seconds from strips of great shops. The location is great for walking downtown and getting out of the city and back to the airport.The best part of this stay was that we were charged $40 US less a night than we had booked online!I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>sushi-suki
<Content>They forced us to stay in handy-capped room instead of King Bed Room. We booked King Bed room for a week though a travel agency, but when we arrived at the Hotel, they insisted we had no choice but stay in the handycapped room (No Bathtub, extra height for toilet, big door, queen bed) for the night. We would have accepted if they discount a little, but they did not. We could accept it if it were only one night and if they guaranteed they would change to regular room from the next day. However, they did not guarantee that. They just said they would request changing room, but they cannot guarantee it. WHY? Request to WHOM? We were talking with the front desk manager but he did not do anything about it. After we did not move the front desk for more than 15 min, one of front ladies asked the manager something, and they checked the computer, and finally they guaranteed they would change the room to regular room from the next day. See! They can do it! They just did not want to do it! If we did not insist to change it, they would force us to stay in the handycapped room for the rest of the week.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	3	4	1	2	2	

<Author>Julie812
<Content>An attempt at an up-scale hotel My husband and I booked a Friday and Saturday night stay at the Crowne Plaza on the Intercontinental Hotel website for our anniversary. We were able to get the government/military rate since my husband is active duty Army, which was around $170 for a club level room, which was supposed to include free evening appetizers and a free continental breakfast. We figured that was a good rate for a room on a high floor and basically four free meals, but little did we know that the club level lounge is CLOSED on Friday and Saturday nights! So we got two free breaksfasts. We did receive a coupon for one free appetizer in the Regatta Lounge (the bar inside the hotel) upon check-in. Another problem that we had was that the guest that had stayed in the room we were to occupy that night apparently did not check out. This was the day after the nightmare at the airports because of the foiled terrorist attack, and so I can understand someone changing their travel plans, but they tried to put us in a room that was subpar to what we had reserved. After a few choice words, the manager found a room on the 32nd floor and gave us one night of garage parking for free, a $27 value. We had suspicions that this room was probably in the remodeling stage, as there was a loose tile in the bathroom floor and a few small cracks where the ceiling met the walls. Even with the loose tile, the highlight of the room was the bathroom - all marble, new fixtures, a great shower, and lots of towels and toiletries. The other highlight was the bed, which was very comfortable. A few nice touches include the sleep kit, with a music CD and an eye mask; the blackout curtains, which fooled me into thinking it was still dark outside when really the sun was already up; and the hotel escape plan on the door actually lit up at night. It was a very faint light and didn't disturb our sleep at all, and I had never seen this before. I thought it was very clever. I didn't think the elevators were slow at all; we waited one time for maybe three minutes, but otherwise it was just a few seconds. They have a pretty good happy hour in the bar twice daily, and the hotel is within walking distance to everywhere. Even though we could take our car as often as we pleased, it didn't move for two days because we walked everywhere. Overall it was okay, but I think there are nicer hotels downtown for about the same price. If you are in town for a conference and don't really care about the amenities, then this hotel is for you. But if you want to be pampered, go somewhere else. Last year we stayed at the Grand Hyatt, and it was absolutely great. If you can afford it, stay at the Fairmont Olympic - it is divine. If you can't afford it, do what we did and just walk through. It's worth it just to the see the woodwork, and it's only a couple of blocks from the Crowne Plaza.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>talulla45
<Content>Beds hard, need new mattresses I recently spent two nights at the Crowne Plaza. I have stayed at other CP hotels and been impressed. Our stay at this property was at best average. I find Seattle to be generally expensive when it comes to accommodation but the beds were hard, the food was bad and the service was mediocre. Although the location was good, I will try another hotel on my next visit to Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happy kappy
<Content>Mediocre at best First time in seattle and choose to stay at CP since I have platinum priority club status. Never again. My status meant very little. They placed me in a regular room which was dirty, small and had a terrible odor. At that point I insisted on an upgrade and was given a club floor room. Club access is not on par with other CPs. Great views but food was so so and booze came at a fee. The hotel nickel and dimes you for everything including wifi. Elevators were also very hard to come by, had to leave 10 minutes early to get downstairs in order not to be late. The only redeeming aspect of the hotel was the location, otherwise it is very overpriced and terrible value.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	5	3	4	2	1	

<Author>dissatisfiedguest
<Content>Worst Hotel Experience Ever We booked a nonsmoking room online several weeks in advance of our stay at the Crowne Plaza in downtown Seattle. Upon our arrival, the front desk staff asked if we would consider a smoking room. This was completely unacceptable to my family and we clearly stated that no, we would not consider a smoking room due mainly out of concern for our infant daughter's health. This particular staff member went to speak quietly with another front desk staff member and they both agreed on a particular room for us. When we entered the room, the smell of cigarette smoke was very apparent, and yet we could not imagine that the front desk staff would intentionally put us in a smoking room without informing us. Two days later, we discovered an ashtray and matches and checked with the front desk to discover that in fact we had been put in a smoking room intentionally because they had not kept our reserved nonsmoking room for us. All our clothes and other belongings as well as our baby reeked of cigarette smoke.In addition to this appalling lack of concern for our health and wishes, our room was not serviced during our three night stay. When I asked the front desk manager why our room had not been serviced, he checked with housekeeping and informed me that we had had a do not disturb tag on our door so they did not disturb us. This was not the case (the tag was on the inside of our door the entire time) and I had anxiously been awaiting staff to empty our garbage of dirty diapers and replace our towels. The front desk manager offered us the pathetic compensation of a complimentary hotel breakfast for my family being exposed to carcinogenic cigarette fumes for days and not having our rooms cleaned. This was our first and will definitely be our last stay at any Crowne Plaza Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Happy, never going back! We booked our reservations 6 months in advance. 34th floor/view/2 double beds. When we arrived our room wasn't available so they put us on the 27th floor with no view. Also I had to request that I not be charged the 34th floor rate (as it was more). Also, didnéˆ¥æª› receive our éˆ¥æ¸›ackagedéˆ¥?continental breakfast. Later that night we went down to the hotel lounge to check out the live music. After paying $35.00 for 4 drinks (and not so great drinks at that, and the service was less than expected) we were chased out and followed to the elevator- the waiter telling us we stiffed him on his tip. Guess he wanted more. Came right up to my face and said this in front of other guests.Not going back.... Because when on a vacation- I don't feel like being attacked over not giving enough tip. I guess I'll stick with the Westin!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>VicGirl
<Content>Good as always... Myself, my husband and my son went to Seattle for a couple of Mariner's games. We've stayed at the Crown Plaza before for Seahawks games, so we were comfortable with what we booked. We had a suite with a queen-size fold out couch in the living room and a king-size bed in the bedroom.Everything was very clean and the beds are so comfortable with their down duvets and mattress covers. We needed extra pillows for my son and the front desk was very quick to bring them to the room.The Regatta Lounge had some wonderful live jazz music and the drinks and food are very tastey.The location of the hotel is very central and everything is just a small walk or cab ride away.This hotel is great for families and couples alike.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CookieGuru
<Content>Average for a 4 Star       Room is large enough for 4 people. Note 2 phones  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PaulineJM
<Content>Seattle's Crowne Plaza- a great homebase for exploring downtown I treated my husband to a weekend getaway and paid just $79 per night - a rate special that I found through Travelzoo. As a Priority Club member (which you can join at no charge on the web), you can ask for a room upgrade on check-in, which I did. We were upgraded to a city view room on the 30th floor with a king size bed, and with all the amenities described in previous reviews. All of the service staff were friendly and helpful; the concierge called shortly after our late afternoon check-in to ask if we needed any dinner reservations, recommendations, anything she could help with as she was finishing her workday at 6 pm. The valet parking is expensive, $27 for 24 hours, but you can come and go as many times as you like. Yes, you can find a cheaper day rate elsewhere, but we didn't see any lots in the area that charged less than $22 for 24 hours. There is so much to explore within walking distance from the Crowne Plaza, we just left the car with the valet all weekend. We ate breakfast in the hotel both mornings. The service was good but the food was mediocre. And given that Seattle is home to Starbucks and many other coffee suppliers, the coffee was dreadful. There are surprisingly few restaurants that serve breakfast close by that aren't in hotels, and at least by eating at ours it was convenient and fast. This hotel is very well located for exploring downtown-wonderful window and high end shopping, and bargain shopping at Nordstrums Rack and Ross. It only takes about 15-20 minutes to walk to the Space Needle and Seattle Centre where Experience Music Project, the Aquarium, and Science Centre are located. Exploring EMP can take an entire day, especially now that there is a new Science Fiction Museum there. One evening we went to Teatro Zinzanni, a circus/KitKat Club- style dinner theatre that was really entertaining. This tent theatre is also near the Space Needle, just a $5 cab ride from the hotel and a pleasant walk back. I would definitely stay at the Crowne Plaza again for location, good service and really comfy beds.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>USTraveler
<Content>Superb! Should be 4 star!       View at night.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel at a Great Price Even though only one of our three requests were met, we still had a great experience at the Crowne Plaza booking through Hotwire. The staff was friendly and efficient, the room was great, and the location of the hotel made it extremely accesible to all of Seattle's highlights. I couldn't see myslef paying $150 a night for this room, but through Hotwire, $73 was more than acceptable. The only negatives; I understand parking is ridiculous in downtown Seattle, but the $27 valet parking fee should be made clear when making the reservation. As for the requests we made; We wanted a non-smoking room but wound up with smoking. Not too bad though considering the smell was not very noticeable. Our friends who stayed in the inter-connecting room next door (our only request that was granted) were not as lucky. They are non-smokers as well, but the room they were in was definately not. My friend's girlfriend actually got a headache because the stench was so overpowering. (The hotel allowed them to switch to a non-smoking room for the second night of their stay.) The last request that was denied was not too big of a deal. My lady and I wanted one queen bed, but ended up in a room with two doubles. We remedied this by pushing both of them together. All in all I was happy with our stay at Crowne Plaza. I would recommend booking through hotwire if you are the kind of person that can go with the flow even if not getting exactly what you request, i.e. non-smoking, # of beds, etc. The money we saved on the room allowed us to be less frugal when enjoying downtown Seattle.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>waiomaogirl
<Content>Close to Convention Center Just stayed at the Seattle Crowne Plaza from Feb 11-13. We got a great rate of $65/night through Hotwire. We checked in on Saturday afternoon at around 1pm. We got a room on the 23rd floor, directly across from the Elevators. However, we didn't really hear too much noise from the hallways or elevators because the air conditioning was pretty loud and covered the outside noise. We had a 2 double bed room, with a nice view of I-5. My son loved the view because he could see the cars on the freeway. We asked for a King Bed, but the lady at the front desk said they didn't have any available. I'm also wondering if people who book through Hotwire get the rooms by the elevators? Because my mom also was assigned a room by the elevator and she booked through Hotwire. The room itself was pretty spacious. Enough room for my 2 1/2 year old son to play with his toys. However, the bathroom was pretty tiny. The shower was regular sized and with good water pressure. Conditioning shampoo, mouthwash, lotion, and facial soap were supplied. Crowne Plaza does try to add some little details we noticed in the room. Upon arrival, there is a little red bag filled with ear plugs, eye mask and linen spray on the bed. Also, a CD with soft music. In the bathroom there was also a nightlight and on the curtains there was a clip to keep the light out. Very nice touch. The beds were decent. The room was quite dry and we all had a hard to sleeping because our throats became very dry.The main reason we were in Seattle was to visit the Northwest Flower  Garden Show held at the Convention Center. The hotel was in a very good location. We were able to walk through Freeway Park and end up directly on the 4th floor entrance to the Convention Center in about 5-10 minutes. Pacific Place Shopping Center is about 5 blocks away, WestLake is about 7 blocks away and Pike Place is about 10 blocks. Walking around at night was a little scary because there are a lot of homeless people and also a lot of people who were smoking weed and begging for money. It didn't exactly feel safe. During the day it was OK.There is no self-parking in the hotel. Only Valet service. It was quite expensive at $27/night. We did notice a public parking lot up one block for $12/day.Overall, we had a nice stay at Crowne Plaza. I would stay there again if I got the Hotwire rate.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Weekend       27th floor  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>VegasHotel80
<Content>Wonderful Seattle Hotel! The Crowne Plaza was a wonderful hotel with top notch service. Nothing went wrong while we were there, everything was perfect. Check-in was a breeze. We took an airport shuttle which dropped us off directly in front of the hotel. We were checked in immediately with a very nice front office employee. The lobby was very well kept and very cozy. The room we had was on the 30th floor with an awesome view of downtown Seattle, including the space needle and the water..picture perfect. The room was very spacious and had 2 extremely comfortable double beds. There was a desk, sitting chair, big armoire with tv, coffee maker and safe. The bathroom was of decent size with plenty of space to put things. Every room is near an elevator which is a plus. There are 4 elevators, which worked just fine and we never had to wait long. The location of the hotel is perfect, a short stoll to everything in Downtown. It's about a 5-10 minute walk to the water, as well as multiple shops and malls etc. Seattle is such a beautiful city and you can see a lot just by walking through downtown. A block or so away was the Seattle Libabry, which was amazing. The place is enormous. The hotel has a nice bar with a good happy hour. We ate breakfast one morning in the restaurant, which had a buffet which is small yet has everything one would need to have a good meal, inlcuding cook to order omletes and waffles. Service throughout the stay was great, including the concierge who was very helpful. We called one evening for some towels and in less than 5 minutes, we had them! I would recommdend this hotel to anyone who visits Seattle, you will enjoy it!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hippospots444
<Content>great- had one bad experience this was a great hotel- i went with my dad and we had a perfectly nice room but the first night the people across the hall were drunk all night and noisy! but no one did anything about itluckily the next night they checked out and the rest of the time was fineit was a bit high up from the centralized downtown but that ensured it for being more quiet and a nice walk the view was spectacular!perfect place to stay!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>taborro
<Content>The place to stay in Seattle I stayed four nights due to a conference and had a couple of lodging options. Based on the TripAdvisor feedback, I chose this hotel of the four or five that were offered. I'm glad I did. Comparing my experience to that of my fellow conference attendees, I made the right choice.The front desk was always helpful. The valet parking was very quick. The elevators were fast. The hotel's resturant was good (I ate in the bar 3 of the 4 nights). The room was enormous, clean and comfortable. Great chair and desk. Great bed, sheets, comforter, etc. Big comfortable bathroom. Good wireless internet connection. Huge windows  incredible view of downtown  the Space Needle. When you open the door the first time it was breath taking. I was on the 25th floor with southern exposure.One gripe ... only a handful of television stations came in clearly, but I never called the front desk so there may have been an easy solution to that. Another gripe ... I got stuck next to the elevators. Again, I never complained and it only presented a problem early one morning.My two small gripes aside, this is the place to stay when in Seattle.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Very nice stay I stayed at this hotel in early June. I arrived very early in the morning but was checked in immediately.My room was clean and well-kept. Comfortable bed. The airporter shuttle bus stops right across the street for people who are not driving themselves. I was attending meetings at other locations so did not dine at the Crowne Plaza, but my stay was just fine.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>familyontour
<Content>Handy hotel for doing Seattle We stayed here for 5 nights in July and found the hotel to be in a great location and to a decent standard.The kids loved the 31st floor view - right over to the Space Needle. The beds were incredibly comfortable and the room spacious and well equipped.One tip - pay the extra for an executive room. The difference when we booked was only a few dollars but with the executive room you get access to the executive floors and to a little breakfast room with complimentary coffee, juice, muffins, bagels etc in the mornings. This was just the sort of breakfast to appeal to kids - and it was very pleasant to sip your coffee and look out over the Seattle skyline.Only tiny glitch was at check-in. We arrived at the hotel at around 6.30pm after a 10 hour flight from Dublin (bear in mind that this was 02.30am for us!) to be told that our room wasn't ready. However, after fixing the receptionist with a hard stare and explaining that, with a jet-lagged 6 year old in tow, waiting around simply wasn't an option, a room was rustled up!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fig414
<Content>A very nice experience We had 4 nights at the Crowne Plaza and were totally happy. The suite was very nice with the bed being one of the best ever. The sleep package they give you is a nice plus. I was a little nervous about the hotel being at the top of the hill but it wasn't as bad as expected. It is so near great restaurants and shopping. The walk down to water is easy. The walk back up is tough but we took cabs if we were down by the water. The hotel staff were very friendly and always said hello in elevators and around the hotel. The concierge staff helped us greatly and were very nice. The valet parkers were efficient and always had the car up in due time. We never ate in the hotel because we wanted to eat in regular restaurants but the lounge was very nice with nice waitstaff. Of course it is not a 4/5 star hotel but we had a 5 star experience overall and would return anytime.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sloopiek
<Content>Great home base for a one day Seattle tour! We (my wife, two children, and I) had 24 hours in Seattle last week. This was planned on short notice so I tried to find a deal for a room, but didn't have much time to do my homework. I ended up booking a room for about $100 on Hotwire after bidding unsuccessfully for a 3 star on Priceline. Our flight into Seattle arrived very early (8am) on a Tuesday morning, and we were in our rental car in downtown Seattle by 10am; I didn't want to cruise blindly through town, so I thought I would just park the car at the hotel and check in later in the afternoon and we could walk around downtown.As I pulled up to the valet parking attendant at the front door, I had the bellman grab our bags and I headed to the front desk to get registered. The desk clerk was very courteous, and said that she had a room ready if we would like to have our bags brought up to the room now...I was very pleasantly surprised, as all three employees to this point were very friendly and courteous, and treated me as a valued guest. We went up to our room, which was on the 22nd floor and facing south; great view of the other downtown skyscrapers, but facing away from the Puget Sound and Space Needle. Oh well, we weren't planning on spending much time in the room. I flopped on the bed for a few minutes while the others were getting ready and I noticed that the bed was extremely comfortable, one of the best I have encountered in many hotel stays over the past 10 years. The room was very clean, the furnishings were a little dated but in nice shape, and there was plenty of room for the four of us to spread out. Although the room was directly above Interstate 5, and the hotel provided a kit including ear plugs and other (non-drug) aids to sleep, the noise was not very audible from our room.The location of this hotel is perfect if you plan on just doing downtown Seattle; we walked down to the Public Market (Pike Street), to the Westlake Monorail station, then down to Pioneer Square. The hotel was pretty much central to all of these attractions (a little further south, but still walkable, are the baseball and football stadiums).The only time I felt like we were being taken was the valet parking fee of $25, but that is pretty much standard in the larger downtown hotels now. I feel like the 24 hours we spent in Seattle at the Crowne Plaza was truly a bargain, and I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to friends, especially if you can work a deal on Hotwire or equivalent.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Consistently Bad Service I recently spent a week at the Crowne Plaza in Seattle. It was my first experience at this hotel and at this chain. First the good. The price was good for Seattle in the Summertime. The room was clean and the housekeeping staff were quite charming. In fact, they were the good part of the hotel. The location is also good for seeing the beautiful public library and much of downtown. Now the bad. Although the woman who checked me in was very nice and very professional the overall behavior of the desk is quite unbelievable for a hotel. They show absolutely no interest in their guests. It was almost as if having guests is annoying to them. Ask a question and they look down and ignore you. Stand in line to check out and they help the last person in line first. When the elevator door or any door opens, watch out because they will make sure they get through first. It was if the guests are in the way. This was a daily occurence for me for 7 days. Parking is unusual in that you have to valet park. They were typically short staffed and you had to wait some time to get your car. It was not uncommon to show up to get your car and find a line of people upset with the wait.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>parking is a problem, otherwise very good       View of the Crown Plaza (rust colored building) from the 73rd floor of the Bank of America...  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>MaryFranSpokane
<Content>A good price for Downtown Seattle, great location While I prefer smaller, more eclectic hotels, we needed accommodations in downtown Seattle near the Smith Tower, where my son was throwing his 40th birthday party, having reserved the restaurant on the top floor of the tower for the occasion. Crown Plaza was a few blocks from the Tower, straight up hill. Walking distance to Pike's Place Market, well-located for our purposes. The price was reasonable, compared to comparable hotels downtown. Service was good and our 30th floor room had a nice view of the the Water and of the space needle. No street noise, but giggly teen-age girls' noise was a problem from the adjoining room. Great beds, comfortable, spacious room.Not all rooms have refrigerators, which seemed strange to me. The service in the restaurant was indeed slow, and the price expensive for breakfast. Send the coffee back to the kitchen if it is as bad as ours was.I'd certainly stay there again, considering the prices for other hotels in downtown Seattle. However, be prepared to be kinicked for every little amenity, which I find annoying, when you're already paying $175 a night for the room. For example, $.75 per day is added to your bill each weekday of your stay for USA Today, unless you opt out of the delivery. I'm used to staying in hotels where a morning newspaper is complimentary.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SonomaNative
<Content>Good deal at a bargain price We paid half what the hotel website was asking through Hotwire making this a good deal. The hotel is nice enough -- warranting the 3 and 1/2 stars. There wasn't an in-room refrigerator and the vending machine only took credit cards. (!) The on-site gift shop had a fine selection of snacks and cold drinks and was open 7am-10pm.We weren't bothered by the noise and the staff was very accomodating. I was able to do an early check-in and a late check-out. Warning... it's at the TOP of a hill if you are walking. I'm glad I didn't have a car, I would have hated the $25 parking charge.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lsl100
<Content>Clean and comfortable Nice hotel. Liked the white linens, our room was clean and the bed was firm. We were happy with the location, walked to Pikes Market and to the tram to the Space Needle. No problem with noise. We had 4 rooms for a family gathering, and one of them was lucky enough to have a beautiful view of the Space Needle.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cuinkempsville
<Content>Worth the Visit!       City View from 30th Floor  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Avigail8
<Content>Not bad... clean, comfy and friendly This is a good average hotel. If you are looking for something ritzy, this isn't the place. But for a decent view, higher than motel expectation but can't afford the Ritz type of hotel, this place is not bad.As with most hotels downtown, the parking is valet only at $25. It's better than trying to have to park on the street. The room was very clean and everyone was courteous and friendly, from front desk to valet.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Deal We got a great deal through hot-wire for this hotel. The hotel is in a great location, we walked everywhere. We usually stay at Westin's, and love their heavenly beds, but this bed blew theirs away. The room was a little small, but had all the amenities we needed and was nicely decorated. The staff were friendly and helpful. We will definately stay here again on our next visit to Seattle.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>williamtwo
<Content>Excellent location, value Great staff and room. I booked a Seahawks ticket package with room on Club level and a ticket to the game via the Seahawks website.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, nice accommodation       View to right from window  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Found great value and views at the Crowne Plaza I happened onto a great value for two nights at the Crowne Plaza Seattle Downtown through Priceline. (The Best Western Pioneer Square also had a great 3-day deal but was farther from downtown.) Crowne Plaza's room was spacious, clean and well appointed with a soft, comfy bed like Sheraton. Great view overlooking a park and skyscrapers all around. Rainier Square shopping very close. Hotel's happy hour had terrific hors d'oeuvres and wine, very reasonably priced. I walked to Pike Place Market and the Washington State Ferries, but note that it rains frequently and the hills are about as formidable as San Francisco's. Airport bus stops every half-hour across the street. I would gladly stay again at the Crowne Plaza Seattle.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK for auction price/deal This was OK for the price. Bought through Hotwire for $70. Hotel 3 stars at best. Location very good, just not great. Service fair. The room was very comfortable, great bed - nice view of the Space Needle. Overall - I loved being downtown for this price, and the bed was super. Room just OK, parking a rip-off at $25 bucks. I would stay there again for this price but would never pay list.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>WineTool
<Content>Clean, comfortable, convenient We stayed two nights at the Crowne Plaza in downtown Seattle. It's a more-than-adequate hotel, not fancy but very clean and comfortable.Rooms: We stayed in a King bed room that had a lovely view of Interstate 5. (OK, you could also see First Hill, Beacon Hill, and areas south.) The room itself was average size but well organized, with a king bed, work desk, and lounging chair. Decor was a cut above the standard tackiness of middling hotels. Bathroom was a good size, not fancy but very clean. The room itself was spotless.Location: Great location in downtown Seattle, close to shopping, restaurants, Capital Hill, the waterfront, and freeway access.Amenities: We didn't go to the restaurant, so I can't really comment on it. The gift shop had a few basic (and expensive) necessities. The exercise room is tiny - fine if you're going to get on the treadmill or stationary bike. There are a few basic universal-gym type machines as well, but not suitable for a real workout.Service: Service was prompt and attentive. Valet parking was very quick. $25/night parking in Seattle is a bit tough to swallow. OK, it's not $40 like it is in San Francisco, but still pretty steep.If you want a clean comfortable room in a good location, this should meet your needs. If you're looking for 1st-class service, luxury, or lots of amenities, you will probably be disappointed. For what we paid (a reduced rate through hotwire), it was a bargain. At the rack rate, it would be adequate.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>mediocre, for the price... at best. First of all, the room we had booked was in the executive/club floors rooms above floor 30. I hadn't been informed of the floor when I booked but I did notice the lack of a small refidgerator when we arrived at our room. I was told that there would be one so I had bought some perishable fruit that would need refidgeration.Our next clue was when the toilet overflowed on the first flush. We called to have it taken care of, the attendant plunging and plunging for 5 minutes straight, then telling me...it works now, but it flushes very slowOn the next foray to the toilet, as you can guess, it didn't flust at all. Immediately I requested another room and was given one on the 31st floor*.*executive/club floors 31 and upMy new room had a small fridge with the promised contents.The toilet in the new room still had problems flushing.My wife took a bath and when she finished it took the tub a full 15 minutes to drain... Hmmmm.Horrible food at the menu price of $29 per person (although we had a coupon that the staff of the regata grille never seemed to have seen before that entitled us to this buffet for free) for a seafood buffet on friday night. The saturday morning breakfast buffet made me sick. Undercooked sausage and bacon...cold eggs (again a coupon which came with our room package)This package deal amounted to $278 for a one night stay.Without the food coupons, the one night stay was to be $159I would never stay in this wanna-be hotel again but if I did I would never get the food dealThe room was nowhere NEAR worth $159The view was magnificent.The staff were very nice and accomodating.Needless to say this was a big disappointment. For that kind of money.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LAdodger1
<Content>Not a good trip, watch hidden fees We stayed on the 33rd floor and we were next to the elevator so everytime we were about to fall asleep, we would hear a hydraulic sound. it was very anoying. Another problem was the damn hidden fees, they charged us $25 a night for tax and another $25 a night for parking our rent a car. We went there for Monday night Football. Did not have a good stay, but the Cowboys won.....great football game.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lazy management My family stayed here in November 2004 for two nights. We were kept up past 2 AM by loud and obnoxious partiers in the next room. We complained to the front desk the following day. The second night, the pounding, yelling and fighting intensified. It even moved into the hall by our door. We called the manager and he said he couldn't kick anybody out unless more than one party complained! We felt unsafe and unheard by the management. This was not an environment we were comfortable bringing our children into.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not stay here. I have had the worse experience with this hotel than any other I've stayed at. Firstly, they charged my bill for parking and internet charges that I never made. Secondly, during my 3 week stay there, they started major renovations on the floor above us without ever having the courtesy of giving us a heads up, so to speak. I am with the national tour of a show, our schedule involves late nights so I tend to sleep in later, but jackhammering at 8:30 in the morning on a Sunday was inexcusable. To add insult to injury, the day before I was to check out, they started the renovations in on my floor! By the time I was leaving the hotel, I was stepping over plywood and furniture and torn down peices of wall paper to get out. THIS IS NOT AN EXAGGERATION. The hotel manager was completely unappologetic and rude, and I got a bill from them a month later charging me for some dinners they accidentaly billed to another bill. This is after they already charged me wrongly for the parking and highspeed. The management there is a complete and utter pathetic mess. I couldn't bring myself to follow up because I just wanted to forget the whole thing. Don't stay here, it 's not worth it.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JKD
<Content>great location ! Good location for walking all over Seattle; especially convenient for games at Qwest or Safeco parks. Room was spacious and modern; we even had a view of the Space Needle among all of the tall buildings ! Rooms next to the elevator have been soundproofed. Crowne Plaza's new marketing campaign called Sleep Advantage was working - drapery clip was nice and the beds really were comfortable ...  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cat50
<Content>Crowne Plaza-a good experience We stayed at the Crowne Plaza on 8/22/04 and 8/29/04 and had a very pleasant experience. We arrived a few hours early and our room was ready so we got ourselves settled and went out to explore the city.Our room was very clean and the heavenly beds and little extras they put into the Priority Club suites made our night very restful. We were impressed that the Priority Club members had our own breakfast buffet in a lounge on our floors.We found the staff to be pleasant and helpful and would definitely go back.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mike463502
<Content>Very good hotel for what we paid My fiance and I recently stayed for four nights at this hotel and we were quite impressed. We got a great price from Hotwire so we were quite lucky with that. The hotel was really nice and it was very clean. We walked in the hotel and we were checked in and in our room within 5 minutes. We had no problems and we were treated very well by the staff. The location is also good because it's pretty much in the middle of everything whether you're there for shopping, sightseeing, or buisness. If you can get a good price for the hotel we highly recommend it. We will gladly stay here again if we get the chance.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Satisfactory Stay We stayed at this hotel on a night prior to an Alaskan cruise. We won this hotel on Hotwire for approx. $120. We arrived a little early, but we were given a room immediately (a corner room with two windows rather than the standard one window). The staff was very friendly. The room was comfortable in size and clean. The bed slept heavenly, and the restaurant was very good. Also, the location was good--close to shopping, the Market, and fairly close to the Space Needle. The decoration of the room was modern rather than the traditional decoration of many luxury hotels. While this hotel is what I would consider to be a good hotel, I would only give it a 3.5 or 4 stars out of 5.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Crowne Plaza Seattle The Crowne Plaza is a business hotel in downtown Seattle. It is also good for leasure, because of its nice location. Good things are that it is clean and has a pretty good loacation. you can walk anywhere in the city easily. waterfront, safeco field, union lake, capital hill, and the seattle center are all easy to walk to. if you are looking for a hotel in the absolute heart of the action, i recommend the Sheraton. However, the Crowne is only a few blocks away. Watch out for the elevators though, they are extremely slow, so allow 5 minutes more time waiting for one of the four elevators. it has 34 floors, but only 15 rooms on each floor. I definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable Stay for Our Family of 4   showReview(2315692, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kla57
<Content>Great Experience   showReview(2313524, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>24hourtriptraveler
<Content>Spacious, Clean room, good location   showReview(2215273, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disapointed !   showReview(2171049, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Run-of-the-Mill   showReview(1685407, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Restaurant   showReview(1559037, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>glbtrttr
<Content>A Pleasant Surprise   showReview(1540869, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jon_Bennet
<Content>Nothing special but okay for the price   showReview(1538041, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place for Business Travelers   showReview(1140432, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>myopicfriend
<Content>All right, OK   showReview(986533, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>æ¸šåž®åŸ„éŠ‡Ñä»š   showReview(19915423, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ç»”å¬ªæ¹´éŠ‡å±»ä»ºéŠ‡ï¸ºå€éŠ‡å‹©äºœéŠ‡Ñä»šéŠ†?#x201d;   showReview(19172984, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ç‘•å†²åŽœéŠ‡î‚¡ç©¶é’â”¿ä»¹é–®ã„¥çœ¿éŠ‡å±½ç°éŠ‡å¿‹ä»¸ç¼æ´ªç°µ   showReview(19166166, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>éŠ‰â‚¬éŠˆï¸ºå…‚éŠˆè£¤åŠéŠ‰ç‚½ä¼„æ¶“î…žç¸¾é–®?..   showReview(19926916, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

