<Author>Aussie_Shopper79
<Content>Disappointed We chose to stay at the SF Marriott having stayed there on several occasions prior (2008, 2006, 2004). Unfortunately this time we were not at all happy with our stay and will definitely not stay there again. The hotel is in a good location (heart of the downtown shopping area, however we have found that the overall standard of the hotel and the cleanliness has deteriorated over time. The rooms are exactly the same as when we stayed in 2004 and despite paying extra for a room upgrade, the room we were given certainly was not 'superior' and the amenities felt like it was the entry level room type. Cleanliness of the rooms leaves a lot to be desired with the bathroom not cleaned to a satisfactory level (hair on the floor, dirty toilet). My main concern and disappointment came when upon leaving our room on two occasions I noticed one of the hotel cleaners styling her hair in a guest room with the hairdryer. Once the cleaner noticed me looking, she promptly pushed the door shut - makes you wonder what happens in your hotel room when you are not there. I found this service to be unacceptable and very unprofessional. On several occasions during our stay we also checked our bill for the room to review our charges and noted that the hotel had charged us for internet useage we had not used. We brought this up with the front desk on several occasions and it was not rectified until check out where we had to justify that it be removed as we had not used the service. There are several other hotels in similar location which we will choose from when next travelling to San Francisco. We will definitely not be staying at the Marriott again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>2	3	1	5	1	3	2	2	

<Author>VancouverTimmy
<Content>Fantastic Great location and service. The concierge, Dan, was particularily helpful. Would return in a heartbeat.Casey - Vancouver BC  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>LorenzSingapore
<Content>unparalleled location       View from 24th floor  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mdr227
<Content>Nice All Around Place to Stay We stayed at the SF Marriott on Dec 8 - 12th and had beautiful sunny days each day of our stay which made the trip that much more enjoyable. The Marriott is a very large hotel, but you really don't feel its size going through the fairly small lobby to the elevators and to your room. We had a 20th floor room looking to the west which was not that great of a view, but not the worst either. They did not have a king room available for early check-in, but let us get a two bed room at noon on a very busy Monday which we jumped at knowing how tired we were from the early morning flight to SF. The location is great right next to the San Francisco Shopping Centre and right on the corner of the Union Square shopping district. It is a very convenient walk just around the corner from the BART station (30 minute ride to and from the airport) and to numerous bus/trolley lines. You are also right next door to the convention center and two big movie theaters. The hotel room was a bit small, but nicely furnished. Plenty of room in the bathroom and we were to get a small fridge for the stay free from the front desk which helped. They have a mini bar, but if you remove anything you are charged an arm and a leg for it. The room was Wired for technology which was nice to be able to plug my iPhone into the TV to watch videos or listen to music. However, you need to bring your own cables for this. Cables are provided for a network connection and to hook your portable up to the TV screen (nice 32 inch LCD panel). The high speed internet that they advertise was incredibly slow (about 400 k download from all the test I did) and costs $12.95 per day. Food choices at the hotel are limited to a Starbucks in the lobby, an expensive steak restaurant, a bar and possibly one other small restaurant we didn't really see. There are many places very close to the hotel like Mel's Diner, Denny's, the food court at the Mall and all the other restaurants in the shopping district. A nice Whole Foods is a few blocks south of the hotel for those wanting to pick some things up. Overall it was a nice hotel to stay in with the main negatives being the internet speed, smallish room and limited food options at the hotel. Everything else was very nice and we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Highwaydude
<Content>Good Time in San Francisco Stayed at the SF Marriott for the Folsom Street Fair. The location was very nice. Easy to walk to shopping on Market, easy to get to the BART subway system. Staff was very nice.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>T.B.Patriot
<Content>safe choice Very conveniently located in the heart of the cit by the convention center. The hotel is enormous but well run. It is clean and well maintained. There are no surprises and that is why I like Marriott chains and this place is typical of Marriott Hotels but it is just big. You really can't go wrong choosing this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Lefty33
<Content>Good Stay by The Bay The good: Very fast check in. Friendly and efficient staff. Room service dinner was fast and tasted good for  hotel food. The area is has plenty to do and is close to BART.The bad: Never got the 4am wake-up call I asked for and almost missed my departing flight. Checked in late and had things all over the bed when  I left the room the 1st day so I put the do not disturb  sign up. It didn't matter has housekeeping still  entered the room and cleaned it and moved things around.The hotel is fantastic if you need to be in the financial district but it's almost so big and impersonal that if the hotel errors the response given is more ho-hum then trying to get it right.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>ATLTRVLGUY
<Content>Good Hotel I stayed at this hotel for a conference. Room was comfortable and clean. Staff seemed friendly and anxious to help. Area around hotel is great with plenty to do. Restaurants around hotel are great and much cheaper than hotel.My only major complaint was the cost of food in the hotel. I almost ordered breakfast one morning and then realized french toast was $18!!! I walked 2mins outside and found a great diner and had breakfast for a fraction of the cost.Shopping center across from hotel had great gourmet food options for other meals as well. Liquor store around the corner had beer and wine for a great evening.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>littev0ices
<Content>Nice hotel - just so big! Note that I'm a Marriott Platinum member (I stay 100+ nights/year in Marriotts so my experience might not be typical)Stayed here for the start of a 3 day holiday around California. First impressions were very good, a busy lobby (busy any time of day as I later noticed) - swift check-in (even though we arrived a few hours before the standard check-in time due to our flight arrival time. Had a room on about the 18th (Conceirge) floor, had a nice view down onto the convention centre below where they were putting up tents for Oracle World (A convention) in a small park. The room was small but cosy, lovely Marriott bed (as always) and a reasonable size bathroom. The TV was a nice high definition one which you could enjoy from your bed easily and also swivelled. Other than that nothing special - would be ideal for business but probably not a luxary stay. The concerige lounge was nice enough, though surprisingly busy, had a nice view of the same park and a nice breakfast.We also tried to go to 'The view', the bar on the top floor of the hotel, but it was too busy (We had chosen about 8pm on Saturday) - but it looked nice and quite dramatic, would have been nice to have an informal drink here before dinner I'd have thought. Finally, we also used the pool - it wasn't busy at all (we were the only ones there), although it wasn't that warm. Strangely all the people on the 4th-6th floors can look into the pool area. More to mind, if this hotel has 1,500 rooms then the pool can only accomodate about 15 people easily, so, it could get crowded. Sadly the jacuzi wasn't working on our trip - but the same concept applies in that it is small for so many people.On our last day we picked up a car from Hertz in the lobby - easy and simple though we were surprised that there was a compulsory $10 fee for the valet to pick it up (normally this is why you pay extra for Hertz for a hotel pickup?), but, leaving was then easily acomplished straight onto the street - though the valet parking is hidden away inside the hotel so you can load/unload rather than being on the street as with other hotels in the area.I also stayed at the JW Marriott during the same trip, as it is smaller I would prefer that for any future stay - though if going to the Moscone convention centre, as this Marriott is right next door to it, that would be an ideal place to stay, or for business, rather than a special holiday.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AntZuzu
<Content>Three Years in a Row... Year three in San Francisco at the Marriott for our Fall Show. The sevice has improved slightly in three years - but strangely so. We had several meeting rooms subterranean, so many red-coated young people asked if everything was ok...We had very attentive service from MANY people. Not one person returned for a second check! Security issues still abound at the SF Marriott!One of our colleagues witnessed two teenagers coupling in the pool - and after gathering his children and sheilding them from the porn show - complained to several people (including our red-coated attendees) and nothing was done. Apparently this hotel allows people to walk in off the street and use the facilities. Homeless people walk through the driveway area and harrass the guests (smokers) while the parking attendants pay no attention. Yes, the hotel is convenient to shopping and the convention center and streetcar, blah, blah - but if I had a choice, I would pick a boutique hotel that is $200/night cheaper!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>rdsizzle
<Content>Good - for under $300 This is your typical big city, big hotel. Very effective and many services available. Great Gym and the rooms are more then fine. The sky bar or whatever its called is very touristy and service is horrible. Besides that the hotel is filled with conventioneers due to its proximity to the moscone center. The location is great near Union square and a 10 minute walk from the Ferry Building. Didn鈥檛 try any of the restaurants in the hotel but the concierge recommendation was so, so鈥?/p>  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>smushie
<Content>Great Stay! Got a great deal on a room through priceline ($150 tax and service included). The room we were assigned was absolutely amazing. A corner room with a king bed and wall to wall views of the hills and the bay. I personally really enjoy how Marriott uses down comforters with a washable sheet cover. Having a wife that works in a hotel, the first thing we usually do is strip the bed of the blanket since, if you're not aware, those things only get washed every few months and are absolutely disgusting at most hotels. Not so at Marriotts and a few other hotels that have switched to this method of bedding. Regardless, everything else was fantastic. The concierge and the bellmen were very professional. Getting us reservations and calling ahead for meals as well as watching our bags while we shopped on our final day. All around a fantastic experience.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>portchyblue
<Content>Great location The hotel is in a good downtown location with easy access to plenty of bars and restaurants, as well as the superb local transport system. We stayed in a standard room which was very good. The hotel has a really good gym. Prices in the hotel are rather high for drinks and breakfast, but plenty of places nearby offering cheaper alternatives. Don't bother with a car - it's simple and cheap to use the buses and trams to get about.Would definitely visit again if I'm lucky enough to get the chance.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>steph13
<Content>Good Location for Convention; not the greatest room Location is excellent for conventions at Moscone Center. It is within easy walking distance to the Convention Center and located near several nice places to eat (also walking distance). I had a room on the 5th floor that I felt was below average for a Marriott. The room itself was average, but the bathroom was a disaster. The tile floor was chipped and cracked and had an L sticker (assuming this was from a previous guests new shirt) stuck right in the middle of the floor. It stayed there for my entire stay (4 nights) which indicated to me that the floor was not being cleaned. Also, there was hair clippings in the soap indentations in the shower ... ewwww! I left a generous tip for housekeeping hoping things would get cleaned up, but no such luck. On a positive note, the TV was outstanding. I am not usually impressed by TV's, but I watched a football game with some friends on one of the room TV's and we were all very impressed by the quality of the room TV.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	3	2	2	

<Author>jcast
<Content>Great hotel, awesome location        View from our room  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kb
<Content>I'd go back again at this price At $149 (Labor Day weekend), the Marriott was OK. There were minor problems, like a toilet seat that would not always stay up and some street noise in our 14th floor room.Comfortable beds, lousy pillows.Little hall noise, but what there was came right through the door.No noise from neighboring rooms, but no sign they were occupied.Close to BART from the airport. $50/day parking. Good central location for mass transit.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>mothersap
<Content>Great location As mentioned by many other reviewers, the location is very convenient. The hotel is what you would expect from a Marriott. Beds were very comfortable. The room was clean and efficiently structured. Room was prepared in advance as feather-free as requested, which was much appreciated. Fitness facility is top notch. Only complaint was with the concierge facility. The facility is poorly designed from a seating arrangement perspective and they have trouble accommodating everyone. Staff always seemed in a rush to clear everyone out at the end of each service period. They did not replenish breakfast items as they ran out and they ran out of dessert items before 9:30, when dessert was suppose to last until 10:00. Otherwise, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>gdavan
<Content>Average Hotel I stayed at this hotel for a business trip.My room was average, nothing special about it at all.The windows were dirty on the outside and the view wasn't that impressive (I was on the ninth floor overlooking other buildings). The conference area is in the basement of the hotel so there are no windows. That starts to get to you on a 6 day business trip in meetings all days. The location wasn't too bad. I walked just about everywhere, but there is also lots of public transoprtation and shopping near by.Overall the hotel is fine, but nothing that makes it special or above average in my opinion.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>KatieGarrigan
<Content>Great Service, Wonderful Stay In late July, the San Francisco Marriott hosted the 2008 Romance Writers of America Conference - Romance, Bridging the World. We could not have visited a better city, or hotel. From the time we arrived a few days before the conference until check-out a week later, we felt at ease. From bellhop to maid service to concierge, the staff was quiet, unobtrusive, and always ready to meet our needs. Rooms were exceptionally clean and comfortable. Beds were great. Our conference meeting rooms were always neatly set up with water available. Our meals were tasty, and the service absolutely excellent. We loved The View, Marriott's lounge on the 39th Floor. A little pricey but what an incredible place to enjoy a glass of wine and good company! There is also a tucked-away rooftop garden on the 5th floor, just off the pool but accessible from a hallway. Once the conference got underway, in a hotel filled with almost 2,000 romance writers, it made a relaxing spot to unwind. One drawback was that Internet access in the guest rooms was an added $12.95, on top of the already big city room rates. Wireless was free on the first floor and there is a lounge area with tables off the lounge but that meant lugging the laptop down each evening. If lesser hotels (at lesser rates) can offer free internet (wired or wireless) in rooms, why couldn't the SF Marriott? I do hope they reconsider this in the future. Still, it was the only negative in an otherwise perfect stay.  Thank you, Marriott, and the RWA Board for booking us there.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tim805
<Content>Check your bill for incorrect charges Stayed at this hotel for a business convention Aug 3 through Aug 7-total of 4 nights. Checked in at front desk and was told I was assigned 19th floor/city view, handicap room. Advised front desk I did not require such a room and they should reassign that type of room to another traveler with special needs. Reassigned the 11th floor/King size bed. Room was big, clean, and well laid out. Room Service and wake up calls great. Wednesday around Noon I returned to my room to find a worker about to set up a carpet cleaning machine...WHY ? I told him to leave since I needed to make some phone calls. He must have come back later because the carpet appeared to have been cleaned. I checked out Thursday and did not look at my bill close enough. On Wednesday, there was a charge made against my room for the Refreshment Center for $10.96. Guess who helped themselves to a beverage !!! I called the hotel billing number and they stated the bill would be adjusted. It alarms me to know that people are coming in and out of my hotel room and things are being charged without my knowlege. I expect more from Marriot and so should the public. As for San Francisco; its a nice city with some wonderful places to visit.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>AlyceBostonMA
<Content>Very close to everything via San Fran Transportation Systen We were there for six nights for a convention. This hotel has a great location and we could walk to Bart, bus, and trolleys, Cable cars are also close by but use only if you are a first time visitor to San Francisco....the wait if too long for anything but a one time ride. No one we were with, ate breakfast in the hotel, it was too expensive. We went diagonally across the street to Mels Diner where you could get breakfast for $10 a personDrinks in the 39th foor lounge are a one-time must but very expensive as is the bar downstairs. The sports bar on the corner is owned by the Marriott but is less expensive for cocktails. A lot of people also ate there. We didn't so can not give a review. Please check my restauarant reviews...we had some fantastic meals including Frascati, which any of you foodies will love.This was your standard four star convention/business hotel with a lot of activity in the lobby (which I like). Room was very clean and beds were soooo comfortable. Since we had another week down in San Diego and had four suitcases we did ask for a corner room since we couldn't fit in luggage and clothes. By the day after check-in they had accomodated us.We would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Lamda
<Content>Good hotel, but expensive This is pretty much what you expect from a Marriott - nice rooms, nice hotel, but a bit overpriced. I'm not talking about the rates as I always book through priceline but am talking about their bars/restaurants/convenience store. 14 for a cocktail is a bit much. 42 is the cheapest bottle of wine you can get and that's for regular stuff. Cheese plate for 12 that gives you maybe 6 pieces of cheese. I would say if you want a nice place to stay go here but bring all your own stuff. Avoid the bistro/bar accross the street - is pretty crappy. There is a sports bar on the same street just down from it - try there.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RichRichRich
<Content>Kids Looove it! Major marriott member. Stayed on award points.GREAT location for business - right near market st. and convention center. Stayed for a 'staycation' near home. Most of the action for tourists is a $15 taxi ride away - no big. But DON'T walk around outside at night. You won't be robbed, but it's ugly.I HATE the lobby of this hotel - it's small, round, with a marble floor that echos disconcertingly. But you're not there for very long. Nice layout with a restaurant in a high-rise atrium up a set of escalators. Really nice, but why eat there if you are in SF?The room was fine/nice with everything I expect at a Marriott, including the shower that should have been replaced when they renovated the hotel.I'd LOVE to stay here on business.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pernicketytraveler
<Content>Just as expected My husband and I stayed here last week for 4 nights. He was attending a conferance there, it was our first time in the city. This was the perfect location for us, as I could keep myself entertained while he was working. Everything is very close and easy walking distance to all the shops and restaurants. I did not enjoy the breakfasts at the hotel, food was poor quality. Instead I regularly went to the upscale food court across the street in the lower lever of Westfield Mall, great selection and good value. I fell in love with the cream puffs from Bearded Papa, made fresh all day. The hotel is a heavily used conference hotel, and therefore, very busy and average quality. However, we were pleased with the service and staff were all helpful. We spent very little time in the room, so the location was key for this trip. Would recommend based on this factor alone.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>Firstmmo
<Content>Perfect Location This hotel is right across from the Metreon and a block from the new Nordstrom's mall (Westfield). Couldn't be more convenient to see a movie at the Imax or regular theatre, ice skate or bowl at Yerba Buena, shop at the mall, and walk a few blocks to Union Square. For tourist families, it's ideal! The staff were incredibly friendly and we never had any problems with cleanliness or service.Family things within a block or so:--movies (one at Metreon and one at Westfield)--ice skating--Yerba Buena park--bowling--Zeum--MOMA--cable car station--BART stationWe actually took MUNI to the wharf, but you can also take the cable cars. Easy $1.50 on the old Italian(?) buses to get to Fisherman's Wharf, Maritime Park area, Ferry Building, Pier 39, or Ghirardelli Square. Kids were $0.50.Hotel negative: The only thing is that they charge $55 for parking for the night. Figure that in to your total price for the night--most hotels charge a lot, so I guess I was used to it.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Piqua41
<Content>Nice Hotel and Well-Positioned for Sightseeing! We were at a huge convention at this Marriott, and for a hotel of this size, we were very impressed. Efficient check-in (surprise!), quality housekeepers, big enough fitness center, and within walking distance (or streetcar/BART/metro distance) to everything you'd want. Good place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>mentaltraveller
<Content>Average Food, Dirty Floors, Good Gym The good points: lots of very large drawers and good closet space for unpacking; fast reliable internet if you take the $12.95 package; fast elevators and lots of them; very good gym and equipment. The location is good but the same could be said of dozens of other hotels in the area. Annabelle's restaurant across the street is fabulous, go there rather than room service, or go to the gourmet fast food which is all excellent in the lower level of the Westfield shopping centre, across the street 2 minutes. But avoid Mel's diner down the street.Won't stay here again because: bathroom floor was filthy with clumps of earth on checkin, and stayed dirty for the 3 days; carpets not vacuumed; room service food was cold, congealed and terrible, and not only is the usual high percentage gratuity included automatically which is fine but they have a space for additional gratuity on the bill and push for it; the lobby check in/out is chaos and overcrowded, not well managed; this is a no service rather than full service hotel: multiple telephone calls did not produce the items requested from housekeeping; unlike many marriotts there are no coin operated laundry machines on any one of the 39 floors, and they ask you to use the ones offered at the hotel next door (why not just stay there instead?); yes as many reviews mentioned the windows are filthy; the concierge lounge is cramped and offers continental breakfast only (many marriotts have eggs, sausage, bacon, pancakes, a full breakfast); concierge level hors d'oeuvres and desserts are cheap and unappetizing; in room shampoos are nothing special, very cheap; general impression is this is a mass produced and disorganized conference/downtown shopping hotel, not a full service hotel.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	1	1	3	

<Author>tahsir21
<Content>Loved The View, Loved The Room, Great Stay We Stayed in This Hotel for one day. the check in area is always crowded, and you dont have to travel far to find a starbucks! the elevators are really confusin, and ineffective. you are going to need a second job to pay the parking bill! i think last time i checked, it was $55 per day. we got a junior suite, it was great. lots of great amenities. i loved the Good night chocolates, but i expected alot more from service. the view is so amazing!! i loved it, but it was to alcoholic for me. Here's a tip, Park across the street for 25$. it wont give you in n out priveleges, but its safe enough to keep it there overnight!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	2	5	

<Author>kevinpng
<Content>Value but impersonal I am hard pressed to write anything bad about this hotel. Good location, very good and modern rooms. If anything, it is too big and impersonal. But my room was excellent and quiet and the staff did all that they needed to do to check me in and check me out. The hotel is on the more expensive side, but then, it is a five staff property. Depending on circumstance, would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mmerdock1
<Content>Dirty Windows and no vending machines! I regularly stay t this hotel on business.For the price, you expect to get clean windows! I have complained time and time again and they keep telling me they are all like that. These windows have simply not been cleaned out the outside for years! On my latest stay, it appears they have removed ALL the soda/vending machines on every floor. When I called the front desk to find out my options, I was told to use the mini-bar in my room. $5 for a small bottle of water...!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	2	3	4	2	

<Author>Shivan
<Content>Wonderful Hotel       View from room  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BigdawgChicago
<Content>Excellent Stayed for 3 nights. The rate was $199 for a larger corner room when other major downtown hotels were ranging from $260 to $425. The room was spacious, well appointed, very clean, very large desk/table to work at, plasma TV, very comfortable bed and quiet. The only negatives were the coffee maker that makes one cup at a time and doesn't keep it hot and the windows were in dire need of washing-very minor irritants and no reason to even think of not staying here.When I heard the parking was $52 a day I decided to skip a rental car which is very unusual for me. I took BART from the Airport and it stops a block from the hotel at Powell/4th station-cost was $5.35 instead of over $40 for a cab. BART is clean, fast, well run, on schedule, easy to use and makes the CTA in Chicago where I have lived my whole life seem like the armpit it is. San Franciscans do not know how good BART is unless they have taken the CTA. I highly recommend it if you stay at the Marriott.If you do not have a car and want to see Fisherman's Wharf, for $1.50 you can take the F streetcar on Market St. from the hotel. The streetcars are vintage, built in 1948, and were used in other major citiies and have been recently restored. see http://www.streetcar.org/ for info. Very nice nostalgic operation. You can get a transfer for free and use it to ride back in an hour and a half. If you go to Fisherman's Wharf eat at Cioppino's (www.cioppinosf.com) Great Italian/Seafood, large portions and our server was wonderful. It is around the corner from the beginning of the F Market streetcar lineWe ate at Mel's Diner several times. It is across the street from the Marriott and its motif is from the movie American Graffitti. If you liked the movie you will love Mel's. Breakfasts are good and reasonably priced. Service was quick. Lunch and dinner are fine but we did not like the open face turkey.so stay away from it. Don't eat in the hotel with its high prices when this is across the street  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kalena-Travels
<Content>Great Hotel My 2 boys (ages 6  8 yrs) joined my husband in SF while he was there for business. While this is primarily a business hotel, we were able to enjoy the hotel as well. Not s super family friendly hotel...but the staff is extrememly helpful, bringing a refrigerator, microwave,  rollaway bed upon request. Could not have asked for better service!The room was a little small for the four of us, but updated, modern, and very nice.The lobby was undergoing major renovation, but we were not affected by noise or dust. Just a little bit of an eye sore. The location was great, easy walking distance to Union Square, restaurants, and the cable car.I would stay here again.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Spabliss
<Content>on The outskirts...       me with the best seat!  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	2	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>BlueRTA
<Content>Nice upscale Marriott location I recently stayed at the San Francisco Marriott for a conference. I came away with a positive impression of the property. The rooms were quite nice, definitely better than your standard business travel fare. Everything was clean and spacious. The lobby and convention/conference areas were in great shape and the staff was friendly and helpful. It was priced just about where I would expect for a hotel in downtown San Francisco (not cheap, but it wasn't outrageous either). I would definitely return here if I was visiting for non-business purposes.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>MacyandDan
<Content>Great staff, great stay We loved our stay here. The staff was wonderful. We booked on a Marriott Friends and Family discount, so we were not sure what we would get, but we had two nice connected rooms. The hotel was clean, and the staff was wonderful, everyone seemed genuinely happy. Room was nicely enhanced, flat screens, featherbeds, etc. They gave us a fridge at our request, no charge. As per prior posts, the pool seemed to have independant hours that changed at whim, and was not open when it should have been. The View Bar on the 39th floor was awesome. Kids allowed, they serve Shirley Temples, etc. Nice clean venue, fairly quiet gathering place. Seats fill early. The hotel was very convenient, BART and the Cable Cars are at the end of the block. Mel's diner is one block away, and is open 24/7 for all your dining needs. SF Centre Shopping is across the street, Union Square is 3-4 blocks away. Fishermans Wharf is a 20 minute Cable Car ride or a $10 cab ride away. You can reach the Airport easily via a $5.35 Bart ride, which you pick up at the end of the block. We loved the Bay Quackers tour, worth the moolah and the tour guide was very kind and informative. This is a tour bus ride that is also a boat. Great trip, we will stay here again.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>tv75075
<Content>Very Nice Experience - Terrific Location Stayed at the Marriott with a friend for four nights in early May. I had booked a fantastic price using my AAA discount. Our room, on the 17th floor, was very nice and had great views of the Yerba Buena area. Everything about our stay was handled incredibly well by the staff, and they even let us check in almost six hours early! The location could not be better - it is only a half-block from the BART/MUNI station entrance. Furthermore, Westfield Center and Union Square are incredibly close by. There is a Hertz rental location inside the hotel, so getting a car is also very simple, and the staff is very helpful with directions. All in all, we had a great experience with no problems whatsoever.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>GHB2
<Content>Very Nice Hotel Stayed here for a couple of days. Loved the hotel and many things to see and do within walking distance or a short cab ride away. The staff was great, the room was somewhat small but nice. Didnt care much for the hospitality snacks and bar. The slightest movement and you'll be charged. Which happened to us. But they took the charges off. We walked to the wharf from here but it's a couple of miles so unless you like to walk I wouldnt suggest it. Too many homless people in S.F. and the parking prices are absolutely ridiculous. A major rip off to say the least. The food wasnt bad and the beer was cold. We enjoyed our stay and would stay again for sure. The Marriott beds are the best !  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>krislecl
<Content>Great Stay! Just spent two nights at the Marriott. I've been to this hotel before for brunch and other things but never actually stayed the night. Our room was perfect. We had a corner room on the 29th floor with an incredible view of the city. The bed was super comfy. The bathroom was large enough. The great thing about the Marriott is the location. We like that it's on 4th Street and walking distance to shopping and a quick trip to just about anywhere in the city. The bar on the top floor was pretty cool. We had a drink up there late Friday night and it was a good atmosphere. Overall a great stay, would highly recommend.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>just_travelin
<Content>Not that great We stayed here for a meeting/convention at the Moscone West Convention Center. The hotel is about 2 blocks from the convention center. It's not too far, but the newly built Intercontinental Hotel is actually closer than the Marriott. The hotel was under construction at the time we were there, which made for terrible traffic inside the lobby area. Construction began right at 7am, so you might hear noises depending on where your room is. And because of the construction, you have to take different elevators to get to your floor. This added to a lot of inconvenience. To all readers, before thinking about staying here, check to see that their construction is completed. I don't think you would get your money worth if the construction was still going on. Otherwise, the room is nice. Very modern and hi tech. Every room has hi-def TV. Bathroom has granite counter. Hotel is situated in a very convenient location. It's close to restaurants, shopping, etc.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>musaafir
<Content>Decent accomodation, would come back       lobby  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>heidigon
<Content>Beautiful hotel We just returned from a 4 day trip to San Francisico. Loved the Marriott and location. A few blocks to Union Square and all of the shopping and attractions. The hotel was extremely clean. Rooms were beautiful. Loved the gym, plenty of equipment. TV's at each treadmill. My only complaint is the parking at this hotel. The rate is $53 per day! We knew this prior to our trip having stayed in SF in the past year. In the future we will fly in and take the bart downtown to our hotel. The Marriott is also a block or so next to the Westfield mall. This is a gorgeous mall with every store you can imagine. Awesome gourmet food court on the lower level. Don't miss this. Also, go to King of Thai Noodle House on O'Farrell next to Macy's. Excellent Thai food. Best we have ever had. Head over to North Beach/Little Italy. Great restaurant, Ideal. Recommended by locals in that area.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>VacaDreamer
<Content>Trip Report - Marriott and tours Back from wonderful trip to San Francisco. I'll try to be brief and discuss hotel, a few tips and tours.San Francisco Marriott on Fourth Street: Superb location. Just around the corner from the Westfield Mall, and loads of shopping and restaurants. Just a minute to the corner to catch the F train which runs all the way down Market Street and to Fisherman's Wharf. Just another half a block and you can catch a trolley car. The hotel's overall services were very good. Starbucks in the lobby, nice lobby bar, though about half the ground floor lobby was still under construction and walled off. Room was not ready at (early) check in so baggage check was great. Up on the 25th floor with a really nice view, the room was average, but clean and with comfy beds. I prefer room arrangements where the shower/toilet are behind the door and the sink is located outside of that area, which was not the configuration here, but the shower was still nice and the sink was wide and granite. The biggest bug that a lot of travelers complain about applies to the Marriott. Why do upscale hotels offer less in-room amenities than avg. chain hotels? $12.95 for internet access when your local Drury or Holiday In Express provides for free? And perhaps the silliest in this hotel: outrageous charges for snacks that sit on a weird magnetic tray that will charge you if you move the snack and a stocked fridge that will also charge for uses. Give me an empty fridge any day of the week. We often went around the corner and grabbed sodas and snacks from the Walgreen's and brought back to the room - kept the sodas in the ice bucket. Silly though for a hotel of this calibur to treat guests this way.Tom's Walking Muir Woods tour: Fab-U-Lous. Can't say enough about this great guy and great tour. His wife, Lisa, joined us and there was about 7-8 total in the group (including a nice couple from Scotland). Tom was knowledgeable, friendly and funny. It was great to be picked up at the hotel and even better to get to the woods early to beat the crowd and noise. We trekked on the trails for about 3 hours and it was terrific. Wine Country Tours: Took the F Train down to the Ferry Marketplace to catch the tour. Driver Brian and tour guide Jason were very nice. Jason was incredibly knowledgeable and made the trip very nice. While I discovered I'm still not a big fan of wine in general, the area is beautiful and the wine tasting and picnic stop was fun. It would have been nice to see a bit more of the production areas and wine caverns, but that's just me. Trust me, we had some fun people who just really enjoyed tasting the wine.Other stuff, Westfield Mall has a great food court in the lower level - hey don't laugh, it's not your usual food court. Andale's Mexican was yummy. Mel's diner was just on the corner of Fourth and nice for breakfast and not overly expensive - under $10. All-in-all, nice long weekend trip and it didn't hurt that the weather for northern Cal was perfect. Dress in layers and wear comfy shoes. Pack light on the way out so that you can bring home all the new stuff.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>booklover
<Content>Crowded Rooms, Friendly Staff We spent four nights here for a conference鈥攊t was okay overall though we had some issues, which started right at check-in. When we got up to the room we saw we had been assigned a handicapped room though we didn鈥檛 request one. It was no big deal we assumed鈥攋ust some bars around the toilet. After being in the room for a few hours we found the problem鈥攖he shower was designed for a wheelchair user ONLY. The showerhead height was designed for someone sitting and the hand held shower head could only be raised to a maximum height of about 4 feet 6 inches. When I called to complain reception offered to move us but by that time we had completely unpacked and there was stuff all around the room. In the end we opted not to move and sucked it up but every time we took a shower got angry about the situation. Have you ever tried to wash your hair with one hand? In addition, the water pressure on the 19th floor was dreadful鈥攊t was like being peed on, my husband joked.My experience with conference hotels such as Marriott and Hyatt is that rooms are generally sizable but this wasn鈥檛 the case with our room. It was just crowded with stuff and there was not a lot of empty space in the room. The closet, for example, had the ironing board and the safe on an overly large pedestal. This stuff took up so much room that there wasn鈥檛 room to open your suitcase up inside. Also, for a property that caters to business people, we found it strange that there was absolutely no free space on the desk/dresser area. There was the TV, connectivity equipment, hotel info binders and an enormous snack display (in addition to the minibar) that made your room look like a convenience store. Of course, the candy was out in the open to tempt you (see the review below about the property not losing a single opportunity to make money off guests) but it was also ugly and in the way and because of the sensors you couldn鈥檛 move it. In the end I threw my coat over it so I didn鈥檛 have to see it鈥攊t was right in your eye line when you were sitting on the bed. For anyone traveling with kids I can see the snacks causing problems.There were some good points to the room though. I found the bed extremely comfortable. If you like a softer, pillowy mattress you鈥檒l be happy here. There was a featherbed on the mattress and lots of pillows and the sheets felt nice and silky. The LG flat screen got a great picture on the digital channels and the hotel offered HBO. And the windows actually opened so you could get fresh air.We got passes to the breakfast buffet for our trouble with the shower and I have to say it was quite good. Bottomless Illy coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice, made to order omelets and waffles, all the typical breakfast dishes, some nicer stuff like smoked salmon and a huge assortment of fresh fruit. If you were paying it was pricey though, at $22 a person. A la carte dishes were also available. The onsite Starbucks and Hertz rental desk were convenient. Also, the pool looked pretty nice; a good size for an indoor hotel pool and it had a nice area for lounging. The location is in walking distance to many SF tourist attractions, shopping and the convention center.Finally, excepting our trouble at check-in, I was really impressed with how friendly all the staff were. Maybe it鈥檚 a west coast thing and I鈥檓 used to east coast grumpiness but everybody from the servers in the restaurant, to the Starbucks employees to housekeepers and even maintenance staff, who asked if I needed help when I seemed lost, were really nice.With a rate of $139 a night I was okay with this place, it wasn鈥檛 great but there were some nice aspects also. Know that if you have to come here for a conference there are other choices in the immediate area. The Hotel Palomar is right across the street, for example.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	1	5	-1	

<Author>aspens
<Content>great location Stayed here for a convention at a reduced rate. Room had a high quality 42 inch HD TV and was very comfortable. Excellent location close to Moscone convention center, restaurants, cable car, and shopping. I really enjoyed Yerba Buena Garden right next to it and the bar with a terrific view on the 39th floor. My only complaint is that there are three sets of elevators going to different floors which was confusing for the first day or two. Guests have to transfer elevators to get from certain floors to other floors.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>flyermontana
<Content>This hotel REALLY wants your money! I stayed here for 3 nights while attending a huge conference. The rooms were extremely comfortable and tasteful, and the bathrooms so modern, clean and big...nice towels, but their shampoo smells weird. They were doing a lot of construction in the hotel, so that made for difficult elevator use--lots of detours. Not to mention the intolerable disruption to so many of our conference presentations!My big gripe with this hotel is that it's already VERY expensive and I guess they figure only filthy rich people stay here because they try to get a few more dollars out of you at every turn. Wireless is very expensive and the signal terribly weak. To change your clothes in the locker room at the pool/health spa is 5 bucks. And most offensive of all, if you even TOUCH anything on the minibar (which includes such insults as a $4 Snickers) a SENSOR underneath it automatically charges you for it!!! So when you check out, pay attention to your final total, because you're likely to have paid out the nose for stale candy bars that you didn't even unwrap.A really great Asian fusion restaurant right around the corner is called Straits. Not too expensive and very classy. There's also a nice cheap and good Thai place a couple of blocks away.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	4	4	5	4	1	

<Author>SeminarTrekker
<Content>Pleasant Stay at San Francisco Marriott       Across the street - Boutique Hotel Palomar  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DublinHank
<Content>~Loved The View Lounge We stayed at the San Francisco Marriott for five nights in March. The location is excellent just beside Union Square ,transport links and great shopping... The rooms are very comfortable and the hotel has good facilities as in pool, gym two lounges and the in house Starbucks came in handy. The View Lounge is great to sit in at sundown and enjoy a cocktail of your choice. On the other hand it is a big hotel with a lot of conventions and business guests so it would not be to everyones taste.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>pitydafoo
<Content>good and bad Standard convention center hotel.When we booked hotel, we asked for and were promised room with city view. When we arrived, guy at front desk was being rude and said none were available. I had a feeling he was just being a lazy a-hole, so we went up to our room with the intent of talking to manager, but not in front of that guy. The room we initially received was on a low floor and had a view of a back alley. When I called down and spoke with the manager, she said plenty of view rooms were available and immediately moved us into a corner view room near the top floor. She also gave us 4 drink tickets for the bar on the top floor. Our new room had a an excellent view of the city and bay. The room was very clean and had contemporary decor.The bar at the top of the hotel has an awesome view. Probably the best of any hotel lounge in the city.Despite the rude an unprofessional front desk staff, we would most likely return to this hotel. Can't remember his name, but one of the concierges provided excellent advice and was extremely helpful during our entire stay. One of the best pieces of advice he gave was to park in the structure behind the hotel at a fraction of the cost of the ridiculously overpriced hotel parking.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	1	3	4	

<Author>NVMconcierge
<Content>9 women 2 rooms and 1 great stay! The women in my extended family took this year's annual Christmas shopping trip and made it a 3 day event.Parking was a bit excessive ($50/nite) but safe valet in the city is worth it for me. And do take note of other members notes on the Taxi Scandal, it got a little rediculous mostly because we needed 2 cabs to go everywhere. Ok onto the Hotel itself:Service was wonderful! we had a bellman named alfonso he took care of us for our entire stay. I have a thoery in big cities that you should always ask the bellman before you ask the concierge, you generally get better results. He moved our 2 tons of luggage in the hotel, then to move rooms, and unloaded us, then proceeded to give us great reccomendations. Then during a false fire alarm he brought out bottles of water while we waited for the 'all clear'The check in was quick and painless. They got our party 2 rooms that were adjacent which was helpful, the rooms were spacious for a hotel. (be sure to check the mini-bar; we had missing items at c/i that we would have been charged for had we not mentioned it to the f/d). The Marriott Bedding was wonderful as always! The lobbys were beautiful and spacious. The Garden Terrace bar was decent but not spectacular, Bin 55 was very good. The View bar is a CANT MISS. Absolutley beautiful views. Overall my only complaint was the the parking fee, and the taxi line. Dont let those stop you though, they didnt detract from the experience.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>MONTES
<Content>Average Marriot The Marriot is at good central location downtown, parking is very expensive and inconvenient. rooms are rather small and the bathroom is very average.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>sarahmakes6
<Content>Nice hotel, a little trouble with our reservation We spent a short weekend at the San Francisco Marriott on our trip to the Emerald Bowl football game and thought it was very nice. It is under renovation but we didn't see or hear any construction. The lobby is large and spacious, the hallways are quiet, the carpet is new and the rooms were lovely. We stayed on the 14th floor and didn't have much of a view, but the beds were very comfortable (made me want to come home and get a new one), the bedding is fabulous and the flat screen LCD television was in high defintion. We ordered breakfast to our room the last morning and it arrived hot, fresh and on time.The only problem we had was with regard to our reservation. The hotel's options of one king or 2 doubles really didn't work for us, so we reserved a king with a rollaway. This was done online and part of the selection and reservation process, not something we typed in as a comment. When we arrived at the hotel in the middle of the night after a very long, difficult drive we were less than pleased to learn that all the rollaways were gone. If the rollaways are in fact first come, first serve as the desk clerk indicated, they should absolutely not be a part of the online reservation system. We were counting on that rollaway and really needed it. They offered us a breakfast voucher in exchange after one of the people traveling with us pressed for compensation, which was nice but still did not make our sleeping arrangements pleasant. Beware that if you reserve a rollaway you are not guaranteed to get it.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>gracielu
<Content>Reliable choice This hotel is in a nice location and the room was very clean and comfortable. The hotel staff was accomodating and check-in was a pleasant experience, even at midnight. The only complaint that I have is that the hotel is currently undergoing construction (which they did warn me about) and so getting from lobby level to your floor is somewhat of a challenge. We had to take an elevator to floor 4, walk around the corner, and take another elevator on up to higher floors. The same goes for going back down, and the wait for the elevator is sometimes long as everyone is trying to figure out how to get from point A to point B. Other than that, the experience was fine. Nothing special. Oh and also, charging for internet access in the room (not even wireless) is a bit silly, especially for a business-friendly hotel.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	5	4	1	

<Author>tr8der
<Content>Ridiculous Valet/Taxi scam Stayed at the Marriott SF for 2 nights and the hotel itself is not bad, nicely updated rooms, good beds and nice plasma TV's in each room, Starbucks in the lobby etc.Marriott management should be aware that they are doing an incredible disservice to their guests by allowing their valets to operate the racket that they have going on with the Taxis. As another reviewer pointed out (toasty24 review dated 10/27/07) the valets are running a common bribery racket when it comes to the Taxis here (they require the taxis to pay for airport and other fares). It took me about 2 minutes in the taxi line to catch onto this, but it wasn't just limited to so called airport fares. If you tip the valets you'll get a taxi right away under the guise of a reservation if not you'll stand in line, of course at that point they'll offer you a house car which I'm sure they're also getting kickbacks from. The taxi line takes quite a bit of time and you'll see several empty taxis drive through the valet area that refuse to pay the valets off so the valets will tell you those taxis are off duty and aren't taking any fares. The evening I was in line it was raining and I was wise to their scam so when an empty taxi drove by I said to the valet, What's wrong, they wouldn't pay? I then heard one of the valet's coworkers tell him that if he went on break he'd make sure we were still standing there when he got back, and we were at the very front of the line. We eventually got a taxi and we confirmed with our driver that he did indeed pay the valet $5 for the fare, he said airport fares go for 10-15. Marriott management should be aware that these employees are doing a horrible disservice to thier guests by only having the paying taxis available to their guests.Oh, and don't rent a car either, valet parking is $50 a night, which is outrageous no matter what city you're in.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	4	2	4	

<Author>UTAustin
<Content>Typical Convention Center Hotel When you think of a convention center hotel, this is probably what you have in mind. However, if you're headed to a convention - especially one at the Moscone Center, this is fine place to stay.The rooms are small but clean. They have been updated recently and have comfortable beds with good bedding. The curtains are especially good at blocking the light if you like a dark room. There's a flat panel television with a good selection of digital channels. The hotel had internet available via ethernet; however, I was able to pick up a free wifi signal from outside the hotel. That was probably just luck and I didn't see a hotel wifi.The bathroom was also small, but had good, soft towels. The water pressure was fine.I checked in late and left early, so I didn't see much of the staff. However, the gentleman who checked me in was quite helpful. It was late and I was looking for a decent meal outside of the hotel. He gave me a great choice.If you're looking to have a drink in the hotel, there's a bar on the top floor with amazing views of the city.All in all, this isn't some amazing must see destination - especially for a city with so many historic hotels. However, if you need a place to spend the night, check your e-mail and then get to a convention, this will do just fine. (Also, don't take this to be condemning the hotel with faint praise. Rather, it's just a good way to say the convention center hotel is what it is.)  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>travgalincal
<Content>Good hotel, but bring earplugs We stayed here for one night, a Saturday. The hotel was full with convention-goers but seemed to be run efficiently. Check-in was easy, the staff was great and the concierge was able to get us a great last minute dinner reservation.The location can't be beat - right by the Powell Street BART station and lots of shopping (Bloomingdales, Nordstrom, etc.). I'd recommend taking the BART into the city and leaving your car at the station. Otherwise, parking is about $50/day at the Marriott.The room was very nice, clean and the bathroom is large for San Francisco standards. The main problem with our room was that the walls were so thin that we could hear people talking in the room next door. And in the morning a child was blowing a whistle or something, and we REALLY heard that.Also, the breakfast is very expensive, so go across the street to the Mel's or Denny's.We got a great deal on Priceline - half price. So all in all, we were very satisfied with our stay.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wmacetheace
<Content>Nice Marriott I stayed here the weekend before Christmas for two nights for a conference. The conference was at the hotel. The lobby was under construction, so the front desk was temporarily moved to the second floor. There seemed to be some confusion with traffic and where to go. Starbucks was in the lobby. My room was on the 16th floor facing Bloomingdales. The rooms were nice, just about right for a Marriott. The location was perfect for within walking distance to Union Square, Macy's, and great restaurants. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>jervilyn
<Content>Affordable luxury It was a pleasure staying here. The lobby is beautiful and the staff was friendly and welcoming. I stayed in the high rise section in a double and the room was huge! The beds were also large and comfy and the pillows were divine - you'll never want to wake up!The indoor pool is cold but the jacuzzi is so relaxing you'll forget to dip back in the pool.The View Lounge is spectacular. A view of San Francisco in this lounge will take your breath away. A little pricey for small plates so if you want to splurge go right ahead, it's worth it with the view you're right next to.The hotel is just a walk to Union Square and Westfield's San Francisco's Centre. Public transportation such as the BART and cable car is also a short walk away! Everything you want to visit is in walking distance.I recommend going back to this hotel if I'm ever in San Francisco and actually have been back in November =) It's worth staying in such affordable luxury!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DaveFrancis
<Content>Not The Marriott Standard As far as I can tell, San Francisco is a very expensive place to visit. I understand this, and will always pay a little more for Marriott Hotels, as this is one of my favorites. About the San Francisco Marriott, I booked two rooms as we were meeting some friends to see the Cirque show. Booking and all was easy, and efficient on Marriotts website, and the cost per room (around 200.00 per night) was about what I expected.The hotel location is fantastic! The heart of the city and a brief walk from the Bart Station. The lobby is undergoing renovation, which I expected as well, so no points deducted for construction issues. Check in was fantastic, fast, and efficient. So where did Marriott let me down? The room.Our rooms (1118 and 1119) were dusty, dirty and not nearly up to the Marriott standard. The first thing I noticed was a massive layer of dust on the snack tray and all over the old candy bars, and stuff. The bathroom floor had some hair on it, as well as wet spots, and general dirtiness. Outside my door was an air cleaning machine, that simply sat there our entire stay. (I finally picked it up, and put it inside our room. The bedding was clean as far as I can tell, and of course, as comfortable as a cloud.I was just really taken aback by the overall cleanliness of the rooms. (Both had the same issues)As for eating breakfast in the lobby area........skip it! At about 25 bucks a person for the brunch, I have eaten better food at a gas station. The staff in the restraunt was attentive, polite, and on the spot with serving, which was a plus. I did not have a car this trip, but was aghast at the overnight parking at 50.00 dollars per night! Overall, this hotel needs some housekeeping renovation to go along with what they are doing in the lobby. There is no reason to sell dirty rooms to Marriott customers at all. Whewn I mentioned this to an employee, they indicated we are undergoing renovations....not an excuse. I am sorry to say I will not return to the Marriott San Francisco on my next trip this week. Any suggestions?  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	5	1	5	4	4	

<Author>picturejoy
<Content>great location, parking is expensive and painful The hotel location is great, close to all the shoppings, and easy to get to where ever you want to visit. The room is clean, the bed is comfortable, the bar at the top has great views, and the lobby is nice too. The parking is expensive, and valet parking only. that could be an issue if you go in and out all the time, sometimes we have to wait for a while for our car if they were very busy.When we got there, my bf run to use restroom, so I unloaded all our luggages from our car. Amazingly, no bellman came to me to offer service. I ended up pulling all our luggages into lobby myself! But other than that, we enjoyed our stay very much.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	5	

<Author>SenseIntoDollars
<Content>Perfect for a Holiday Spirit boost This was the first time I used Priceline. I had looked at Hotwire, and 4 stars were priced at $139-$159, then I looked at regular prices for the Travelodge on Lombard (least expensive hotel I would consider in SF) and got a quote of $86, so I Pricelined for $89 a night, and the SF Marriott said OK. Regular rate on Marriott.com for the room I got was $286 for the nights I booked so I was happy with the rate.The lobby was in the process of being moved and I found the layout of the hotel a little confusing with three elevator banks, long hallways the had multiple paths to rooms, and exits on 4th street rather than Market or Mission which would seem more logical. Also a little bothersome that they were running blowers to dry the carpets each evening on my floor.I was given a corner room with ten windows overlooking Market and up Grant to the Chinatown Gate. Plenty of light for a very cloudy week. The heating could have been better, but the room was is great condition. As more days passed the maid service became less well done, but it was acceptable. The lobby staff was great.As far as the location and the tourist sites, well it is a little off the normal tourist path, but I took the F streetcar from 4th down Market to the Ferry building and then up to Fisherman's Wharf and then the Cable Car back to Powell and Market which was only a block away from the hotel. The buses to other sites were right there so as long as you use public transit there were no difficulties staying here. I bought my bus pass at the Tourist Center and Powell and Market; $24 for 7 days - a bargain. The CityPass is also a great deal if you like art at $54.I used BART from SFO to the hotel for $5.15 each way. The Powell stop exits on the corner of the hotel.Cheap eats nearby in the basement food court of Bloomingdale's and at a lot of Union Square places. The crowds at Union Square and the cool temps were just what I needed to get into a Silver Bells holiday mood. A great stay, at a great price.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>atticus1131
<Content>Great Trip We just got back from a weekend trip to the San Francisco Marriott. We love San Francisco at Christmas and the Marriott was a great place to stay over the weekend.We did a lot of shopping and the proximity to Union Square and all the surrounding shops was excellent. They were doing some work on the lobby area and it was a little confusing getting around but there was always someone nearby to lead us on our way. The room wasn't very large but there was plenty of space for my wife and I to not feel cramped. The flat screen lcd tv was a plus and it's location in the corner of the room near the window opened up the space in the middle of the room. The bed was probably the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept in. We booked the hotel through a $94 bid on priceline and were very happy with what we got for such a great price. We had a king size bed on the 20th floor with a great view. The parking was pretty expensive ($50/night) so I'd look into parking at a nearby parking lot and saving some money there.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>haisydaisy22
<Content>Beautiful Hotel       Hotel from the beautiful park next door  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	-1	3	2	

<Author>klb716
<Content>Not So Great stay Stayed at the downtown Marriott. This place has a great location and central for everything you may need. We stayed on the 4th floor (4019) where our window overlooked an alley and service entrance. Very early in the morning (both days) we had a very large sewer truck parked under our window with workers making a great deal of noise. There was also a lot of street noise that penatrated the closed windows. There is also a ton of remodeling and contruction in the hotel and the location has the ambience of total disarray. The staff has the attitude to match when I asked which of the three different elevator to use. There are plenty of great hotels nearby and I would avoid this property until they get the contruction done and realize that they are in competition with some great hotels nearby. Oh, I almost forgot, it cost $50/day to park at the hotel (which I did) and to top it off my car was damaged by the valet. As a loyal Marriott customer, avoid this place if you can.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	3	1	

<Author>cityflashpacker
<Content>Great location, excellent stay       Comfy beds  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>staynhome
<Content>Super Spent two nights at the SF Marriott and had an excellent stay. I was attending a conference at the hotel. The location is very convenient, from the restaurants, to the high end shopping district, to the nearby BART station. The staff was very friendly. I requested a high floor  got a room with a spectacular view of the city. They are currently renovating the bottom floor but it's hard to tell because they've modified operations to work around the temporary lack of space. Nothing bad to say about my stay here.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>PoopinClumpin
<Content>Meh The good:LocationThe bad:No free internet optionsDo not disturb means DO NOT DISTURBNo fridgePriceVending machines next to the TV in your room remind you constantly that you're being nickel-and-dimedVery bad room/elevator layout. There should complimentary hallway bicycles given the distance they expect you to walk to get to some rooms.The end:Won't stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	2	1	1	

<Author>toasty24
<Content>Shameful, shady bribery racket going on despite wonderful rooms Despite a dreamy, marshmallow bed and room that meets all standards (you get what you pay for, this property aint' cheap!), I was truly disappointed with the shady operation that is blatantly going on with the employees that work there, and i want to bring this to your attention. Outside the hotel there is a taxi line for the airport. The valets will let you bypass the line and immediately you a taxi if you slip him $5 or $10. If you don't give him anything, he'll tell you to wait in line (which takes a long time). If this doesn't seem so bad yet, wait --- the TAXI DRIVER then has to surreptiously slip him $10 for the privilege of getting the long airport ride! These valets are raking in a cool $15-$20 per taxi customer, and given the high activity level of this Marriott, these guys are raking in $$$ per hour at while taking advantage of the customers and taxi drivers, all off the books.My colleague and I carefully watched this all unfold while we were outside: Valet in top hat greeting a customer, see him get a bill, and the valet pretends that this tipping customer has a reservation. A taxi will pull up, and the valet will say what's your name again? in front of all the poor people waiting in line, and then lead the customer into the taxi. The Valet leans into the Taxi driver's window to give directions and slyly gets his take. When we got in the taxi, the driver admitted that he paid the valet. We asked him why, and he said he had no choice. if I don't pay, they'll get the next taxi to pay up. We need the money and the long ride to the airport is important to our salary. The cops know about this bribery racket but haven't done anything about it. He also added that sometimes the price is $15 to get an airport ride.Now you may shrug at all this, but what does this have to do with your stay? Not much, maybe. But it says a lot about how this Marriott treats customers after they exit the property, after paying $350+ a night to stay there. It leaves a bad taste in my mouth.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Eavd
<Content>Careful of the rate! Stayed here in late October. Rooms were pretty nice, common areas not bad either. Room was booked for a conference rate of $199 plus tax ($48). At check out the rate charged was $349 plus tax! Desk clerk was very helpful attempting to resolve, but ultimately had to contact the manager on duty with the statement please come down to the front desk, we have another one. The manager attempted to convince us the rate was correct even though another couple we traveled with during the exact dates had the correct amount charged to their bill. He had difficulty getting his story straight regarding the timing of the reservation (he had nothing to say after we demonstrated that our reservation was made 3 days earlier than our traveling companions, after he had stated the other couple had received a better rate for an earlier reservation). Ultimately he refused to honor the rate and became exceeding rude until we decided to leave. Plenty of nice hotels in S.F. We'll stay somewhere else the next time we're in town!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	4	1	-1	

<Author>Lulu32
<Content>Brilliant Hotel! Brilliant hotel in a brilliant location.We booked a double double room and it was very big with a large bathroom (by hotel standards), stylish decor and massive flatscreen TV.Beds were super-comfy and the we had a great view of downtown SF from our 16th floor room.The 39th floor view bar was also great with view over the whole city.When we were there the hotel was rennovating the ground floor but this made no difference to us (there was no noise or mess) and ALL the staff were incredibly helpful and friendly especially the concierge, doorman and receptionists.Great location just off Market St, a stones's throw from the major stores and very near to the Powell Street Cable Car terminus (just get there early!!).  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelwanderer
<Content>Great location We got a great room with a partial view of the bay bridge. This hotel is central to everything. Chinatown and Union Square are pretty close by. There were lots of restaurants nearby. Bring your nice and comfy shoes. I would give it a 5 if we got a great deal on the rates. We came in at conference season so most of the hotels were fully booked. I will definitely recommend if you get a good rate. Room: Bed and pillows were decent as expected from a Marriot. Bathroom was modern and clean. 35  plasma TV screen.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KimSKentucky
<Content>Excellent View We booked this late, but were given a wonderful room with a view to die for. It was a very nice hotel. St. Patrick's Catholic Church SAN FRANCISCO'S #4 HISTORIC LANDMARKFOUNDED IN 1851 very close. The 2nd Sunday of every month they have a authentic Filipino breakfast in the basement of the church for $5.00--we thought it was very fun to get to attend. We parked in the public parking garage (underground) and came up right next to the church....very close to the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>yinkers
<Content>Great San Francisco Location This is centrally located for Union Square; for the shopping, cable cars and the city. The rooms were very comfortable, there was a great flat screen TV. There is internet access. There is a newly refurbished gym and also a pool. The concierge was very informative. Its is a very busy hotel and there is the usual expensive car parking charge for being in this city. This hotel has it for the location. There is a upper level bar and you can enjoy a drink with views of the city from high!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lucinda1
<Content>Great hotel and excellent location! We stayed at the San Francisco Marriott between 25 Aug and 28 Aug.The lobby is currently being renovated and reception has been relocated to the second floor however there are lots of staff in the main lobby to tell you where to go. I had asked for a room on a high floor, with a view. I didn't exactly get that - ended up on the 14th floor with no view! However the room was huge, very clean, great bed and pillows and big flat screen TV so no complaints there.We ate in the hotel restaurant once for dinner and again for breakfast. On both occasions the staff were fantastic and couldn't do enough for us. Thought both meals were excellent value for money. We went up to The View bar, which on the hotel's website looks fantastic. I was quite disppointed, its a lot smaller than it looks and there are very few seats with a view. When we got there it was packed and we ended up with seats that had no view at all!Having never been to San Francisco before I was a little concerned about the location of the hotel, whether it would be a long way from places we wanted to visit etc. I shouldn't have worried - within minutes you can walk to Union Square and all the public transport options are so close. We hired our car from the Hertz desk that is in the hotel and again the guy who handled our reservation couldn't do enough for us.Overall we had a great stay in the San Francisco Marriott, thought it was excellent value for money in a terrific location.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Renish
<Content>Loved the Marriott We stayed here from Sept 2nd -9th and had a wonderful week. Check-in was quick and effortless. We had added the last night onto our original reservation and although this constituted two separate reservations, we had no problems - just checked in and out twice - but we were able to keep our same room. The room was spacious and very comfortable. Comfy king sized bed, lots of pillows, large modern washroom with lots of towels, and each day everything was sparkling clean. Large closet and lots of drawer space. We were also happy that there was an in-room safe - I believe the hotel website says that safes are at the front desk. Staff were friendly and very knowledgeable and quite happy to help in any way. Lots of large and speedy elevators. Beautiful lobby. Market Street is around the corner with easy access to the F-Line street-cars. Walgreens is also around the corner on Market. Mel's Diner serves great American food and their milkshakes are to die for. Although a busy place, service is quick. The Metreon has an up-scale food court. Both are virtually outside the front door of the Marriott. Union Square is an easy walk. It was great having a Hertz outlet right in the hotel - we had rented a car for our second week and the convenience of having Hertz right there made the car rental very stress-free. We would certainly return to the Marriott again.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gatorgirl106
<Content>Great Hotel We booked this hotel on Priceline for $105 a night which was an extremely excellent deal. We stayed on August 30 and September 1st. The hotel was clean, our room with a king size bed was spacious and had a great view from two sides of the room. The staff was organized and ready to please from the beginning. We asked if we could get a refrigerator for our room and they immediately delivered one free of charge. I would recommend this hotel to anyone in a heartbeat and would stay there again. I recommend the bar on the top floor of the hotel as well - it has a breathtaking view of the entire city being that this is one of the tallest builgings. It also has a nice laid back atmosphere and they make a great pomengranate martini.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LondonSeb
<Content>Good location Here is my review after staying three nights at the marriott, in August.( + / positives)* Excellent central location, on Market Street. From there, you can catch the cable car (beware of queues particularly at the terminus), buses and also the convenient streetcar going to the Ferry Building and various wharfs. Also very close to Union Square, and main department stores. A short walk from China Town. Many restaurants and diners around* Hotel is easily accessible using the BART train from SFO. Cost is only about $6, and will take 30 minutes. Station on Market Street only 3 min walk to the hotel* Good modern and clean room, with large LCD TV screen, excellent bed* Good breakfast buffet, but slighly expensive. Lots of choice* Indoor swimming pool and jacuzzi: Not fantastic but adequate and free. Pool is quite large, with lots of loungers and towels* Lots of lifts so no queues( - / negatives)* Mini bar/fridge cannot be used for storing own food or drinks. One of those models automatically charging when something is removed* Some refurbishing work is currently done at the hotel. Reception area has been moved to the first floor, and is quite small with long queues. Also, can get noisy during the day with the noise of sledge hammers and the likes. However, stops late afternoons not to inconvenience guests* Air conditioning can be noisy* Windows don't appear to be cleaned often: it was even difficult to tell the weather!* No robes, would be useful with the swimming pool* Quite old fashion/70's style hotel. Big and impersonal  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	4	5	

<Author>cruzca
<Content>Wonderful Rooms But Expensive Add-On Charges We stayed at the SF Marriott downtown in order to attend a convention nearby. We booked the room via priceline for $150 a night (about $175 with taxes and charges). We had a room on the 15th floor with a view of the surrounding downtown buildings. Overall, the room was very nice - it was large, clean and seemed newly remodled. The hotel overall was exceptionally large and laid out in an odd fashion (check-in is on a different floor than where you pull your car in etc). The main concern about the hotel were the add-on charges. Parking was $40. Items in the rooms (snacks etc) were also very expensive. The hotel also provides a number of services that it seemed were required (cab flagging service, luggage hold, bellman service and such) but that also require tipping. I was surprised at how much additional money was spent on tipping and parking for our one-night stay. Overall, it added about $75 to our nightly bill. The location is in the heart of downtown and walking distance to Union Square. It is a bit of a walk to the Emarcadero and there are closer hotels to that area if you seek it out. The rooms were quiet but given the sheer size of the hotel it was a pretty noisy place in the common areas. I'm not sure that I would stay here again even though the rooms were nice just because there are equal hotels that are cheaper with a better location in the city.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	3	5	4	3	5	

<Author>JREISKIN
<Content>San Francisco Marriot- a great place to stay Spent the Labor Day weekend at the Marriot. We had in tow two small children and found this hotel to be in the perfect location. It is one block from the Yerba Buena complex which has a children's museum, a playground and a carousel. it is one block from excellent shopping, from the F train old fashioned trolleys and the BART. The staff is super friendly, the buffet breakfasts were delicious and very fresh and the room was large and clean with very cofortable beds. We will stay here again when we are in town. We booked on expedia and everything went smoothy which is important when you are travelling with children. The only criticism is that the tile decking around the swimming pool was very slippery and so one had to be extra careful not to fall. All in all, we had a wonderful stay and look forward to a return visit.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PcolaPaul
<Content>Good Marriott Under Construction       View from hotel room.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Prine041745
<Content>Parking Charge!! Make sure you get an excellent room rate as you will pay through the nose for parking. I was charged $49.02 for one night.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>lithlith
<Content>San Francisco Marriott - great hotel We stayed here for 3 nights in February 2007 over a long weekend. Our room was large and clean; and we had a nice view.We had access to the concierge lounge, which was wonderful. They had pop, bottled water, coffee, tea, and snacks out 24-hours a day. There was a computer with free Internet access and printing available. There had a nice buffet breakfast, hot snacks and desserts out in the evening in the concierge lounge.We took the subway/train from the airport to the hotel. The station was less than a 5 minute walk from the hotel. The hotel is also about a 5 minute walk to the street-car turn-a-round stop. There are quite a few malls and shopping areas around the hotel and it is about a 10 minute walk to Chinatown from the hotel.There are other Marriott hotels in the Fisherman's Wharf area, which I would suggest staying at if you have small children or don't enjoy walking around a lot, because that is where most of the tourist action is at. The San Francisco Marriott is probably more suited for business people or shoppers. However, we don't mind walking around to get where we are going, so it was a great location for us.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Weybridge_Traveller
<Content>Good Location, well maintained This hotel was in a great location within walking distance of most of the attractions (or a short bus journey if tired). The hotel has a great bar at the top with fantastic views over the city.The only gripe is that (like many hotels on our trip) they were unable to confirm a room with two queen beds and we were given a sinlge King (for our family of four) on arrival. Fortunately they upgraded us to a King Suite when we complained so, although the kids were on camp beds, at least there was space to move.The breakfast buffet was very good and whilst not cheap for adults (c$20), was very good value for the children (c.$7.00)  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>KitchieKai
<Content>Good Location and okay hotel Good location on Market Street so you have convenient access to Fisherman's Wharf and shopping. But it's a big hotel so don't expect personalized service. That said, everything works very efficiently and we had no complaints as such.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>nhunixguy
<Content>An Uneventful Stay I stayed in room 1020 at the Marriott for 5 nights on a recent business trip. There were no big problems, but nothing amazingly good either. The room was relatively clean, there were no bugs, no noise from other rooms, no HVAC problems, and no billing problems. There is a coffee maker in the room, along with an iron, a hair dryer, and a safe. The location is good for tourists who don't want to stay near Fisherman's Wharf, and it's 2 blocks from Moscone. There are restaurants everywhere. If someone told me that my next business trip would take me back to the Marriott, I'd be okay with it.However, the Marriott isn't one of those places where you wonder how everything is so perfect. The CD player on the clock radio didn't work and my call to get it fixed didn't help. The bathroom wasn't spotless, though by the second day, the unidentified stray hairs were gone. The minibar was empty. The plumbing growls and groans when the showers are in use, and it's something to hear at about 8AM. The lobby was always crowded with a mix of vacationers and people attending a convention. Getting a taxi was never quick.The staff was universally friendly, but in that distant and corporate way that is far from memorable. I don't remember if a man or woman handled my checkout and it was only 2 days ago. For a contrast, the Palomar across the street is quirky and memorable, in the fun way that seems to be a specialty of Kimpton's hotels, but I didn't stay there on this trip.The bar on the top floor is worth checking out, even if you don't drink. The view is really nice when the fog is out and when you can find a seat next to the windows. It's an expensive place to have a drink before dinner (4 of us each had a drink and the bill was over $50) but it's worth doing once.Sure, I'd go back without a complaint. But next time I'll probably stay somewhere else just for the variety.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>KimFromSD
<Content>Extremely clean and comfortable!!!!! My husband and I just stayed here for our third anniversay this past weekend, and we just have all great things to say about this hotel!!!! It is super clean, spacious, comforatable, and central to downtown union square and close to the financial district! We loved it so much- we stayed in a corner room so the view was awesome- we could see the busy street w/ all the people and yet could barely hear a thing (and we were only on the 6th floor!) The bed was so nice too- the mattress was super comfy and the bedding was very clean and crisp and comfy! The TV was a large flat screen (which my husband loved) and the bathroom was very nice and modern with granite(?) type floors and large bath tub. Even the smell of the room was nice! The location is so great as well- it took us only 5 minutes to get to the Bart station off of Powell, and three minutes to get to a Walgreens for water or snacks. The location also feels very safe and within minutes to great shopping and places to eat. We didn't rent a car- all we did was walk and maybe catch a cab if we were to go to fishermans warf (only $13 BTW via cab) We actually walked to Fishermans warf from our hotel and it only took us about 20 minutes- we cut through the financial district and it was such a pretty walk. You should stay here - well worth it and the staff is also super friendly and helpful!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>yogiam
<Content>Fabulous Our family had the BEST vacation we have EVER had! I used one of the best websites ever. It is called airfarewatchdog.com. They gather ALL search engines in one place. I receive a daily update on airfare prices. I happened to find a great flight out of Phoenix. The search engine with the best price was Travelocity. I then combined it with the hotel and they gave us a rate of $1800.00. This included 4 roundtrip tickets and with 2 rooms at this Marriott. We stayed for 5 nights. The rooms were quite large and our kids had an adjoining room. Marriott is always my first choice. This one hotel was the cream of the crop in terms of service, cleanliness and hospitality. We did have one night where a room near us was having a bachelorette party. Needless to say, the were LOUD. We complained and someone quickly warned them. They toned it down for about 5 minutes and revved it up again. We called again. Management came and pulled 16 people out of the room. Unfortunately, the few that remained managed to be loud again. We called again and all people were removed. Security and management were both involved. Our room was compt and the manager personally apologized. They were quite embarrassed and very apologetic. We were very satisfied even though we had lost a couple of hours of sleep due to this problem.Regardless, the room was clean with VERY comfortable beds. Those are my two priorities. Everyone we came in contact with was so kind and friendly. There's a Starbuck there, a nice restaurant and concierge desk that was helpful and friendly. They gave us great advise on places. It was also helpful to have a car rental place (Hertz) on site. We rented a car whenever we left San Francisco and it was cheaper to rent only when we needed one (daily) than parking the car. Great advise given by a hotel employee.The location of the hotel is also ideal. We were about 1 block away from a location where we could catch a street car. A Walgreen's close by, which helps when you forget as many things as we did. And of course, your in the middle of a shopping mecca.Honestly, I did not want to leave. This is the first time I really felt comfortable in a hotel. I can't wait to go back and I hope anyone else who stays there has the same wonderful experience we had with the exception of the bachelorette party.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>croquetica
<Content>Love this Marriott The rooms are big and confortable, the views are superb, the staff is helpful; what else can you ask for?We booked trough Priceline and checked in late, at about 8:00pm; therefore, I though we were going to be given the left over  room, but was surprised by he staff's treatment. They asked what type of bed and room (smoking or not) I wanted and gave us a room on the 16th floor with views of the Yerbabuena Gardens and the Metreon.Overall a great stay!!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HHeights
<Content>Great Choice My family of four (including a 6 and 8 year old) stayed here for 5 days in late July. We had a very positive experience. The room was clean and service was efficient and unobtrusive. The gym is presently being redone, but all of the equipment is available in carpeted conference rooms on the 4th floor and this should be done in August. The pool was great for San Francisco hotels, with a large hot tub. The hotel atrium restaurant was actually a pleasant surprise鈥攖he service quick, food good and prices comparable to other local places. I found the location of the hotel to be good, mainly due to proximity to the excellent public transportation in the city. There is a Whole Foods supermarket that has prepared food 3 blocks away; the cable car and Union Square are equally close. I would strongly urge travellers to familiarize themselves with the public transportation before going鈥攚e did not have a car and felt no need to have one. You can easily and cheaply get to all attractions with public transportation (including an inexpensive trip to the airport on BART with a station a half block from the hotel). For example, we took the trolly bus (# 30 or 46 both work) to a Giants game for $4 for the 4 of us. ATT Park is about 7 blocks from the hotel. A cab from the airport is $35 before tip. My only complaint is that some parts of the surrounding neighborhood is a little rough around the edges, with more homeless people than I am accustomed to similar areas in Philadelphia or New York. I never felt threatened, but this did come as a surprise to me. Overall, I would definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wpack99
<Content>A nice stay at a nice hotel in an excellent area We spent 3 mights at the hotel, beginning July 22 and had a very nice stay.We arrived at the location to be informed we needed to go to a different area for parking / check-in. What made this initial annoying experience a good one was the fact they had personnel at the curb to direct you and a pre printed map with driving directions to the correct entrance. It was a nice touch.Check-in was fine and quick. Bell service was prompt and friendly. We parked at the hotel and while it outrageously expensive ($49.02 a night), it is very convenient. We proceeded to our room which was on the 14th floor in the mid-rise tower. The room was well appointed, spacious and clean. There was a nice bathroom and a great flat screen tv. Another excellent feature was the wired room concept. A centralized station where you can connect your laptop, Ipod etc. Listened to our Ipod on the flat screen much of the stay.We visited the Starbucks in the lobby but didin't use any other food outlet. The gym is currently in transition and located in a banquet room. Although the location isn't ideal, the equipment is brand new and top notch. This is a temporary gripe.Our only problem at all during the stay was when we first arrived at the room, the sheets on the bed were dirty and ripped. While I would not have expected to see such, a single phone call was all that was needed for prompt action. The service manager apologized to excess, and within 2 or 3 minutes (I swear, and this place has 1,500 rooms), the housekeeping manager was in our room. He too apologized and offered something to make up for the very modest inconvenience (we didn't take him up on any offer as none was truly needed). He promised a housekeeper would be up momentarily to change the sheets and again within a couple moments she appeared as well.All in all it was a very pleasant stay. At $140 a night plus tax, I think it was a fair price for a very nice, centrally located property with employees who care about your experience.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>vouvoune
<Content>Great central location especially for 1st timers Went to SF for the first time with my husband for a conference which was held there. We got the room for $140 via priceline. The hotel itself is in a great location, in the heart of downtown, close to Chinatown and steps from the BART (metro). I was a little upset because when we called they told us that the only ways to get there from the airport were by taxi ($45) or supershuttle ($16/pp) a nd so we took a cab. Turned out, you can take the metro (which we did on the way back) for $5/pp. to the POWELL station which is a block away from the hotel.The beds and the pillows are amazing, it is like floating on a cloud. I actually looked up the pillows brand to get some for my bedroom. The coffee offered in the room is really good.WARNING: parking at the hotel is $50 a day so try to find an alternative solution if you dont want to spend that much in parking.TIP: internet is about $13 a day in the room or $4/15min in the busin ess center. Right across the street at Organic coffee you can use there computers of a lot cheaper or yours for $5 a day. Someone told me there was a SOny station across the street that was free butI did not see it.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Rainciel
<Content>Excellent but overpriced I stayed 8 nights in this hotel. for a conference. While it is a great place, it is very pricey, there is no breakfast and the place is very impersonnal. The room was nice, clean, confortable but i did not think it was worth the $250 a night price tag. Room service was expensive and very average: we ordered a burger which was burnt and uneatable. Location is ideal though and staff as helpful as may be expected in such high standing hotel. The sky bar is fantastic and well worth the view but i did feel pressurised to keep ordering:  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Krissy1983
<Content>Great Property - Great Stay I had a great stay at this property. Good room service, great breakfast restaurant. Accomodating staff.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Andy99
<Content>A good stay A three day stay on business . Got a good rate at $129 per night. Nice clean and spacious room, must have been upgraded recently - good standard of furnishings, LCD TV with HD channels. Hotel location is good, close to Union square etc. I would stay again, helpful staff .  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>SantaCruzDani
<Content>Great Location but Avoid the Valet Hotel Parking!!! The hotel itself is in an excellent location. Union Square is within walking distance as is the Financial District and Nob Hill. We did take a cab to Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf which was under $15.00 and the Cable Car back to Powell Street for $5.00. The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable. The only bad thing I could say about the hotel was the Hotel Parking was horrible. They charge $49.00 a day and if you check out on a Sunday like we did expect to wait for your car for over an hour. If I stay at this Hotel again I will take BART which drops you off at the Powell Street Terminal and is less than a 10 minute walk to your Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Adamyyc
<Content>This Hotel was First Class       Bed! Great Bedding too!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dwirthwein
<Content>Quite pleased except for parking fee Enjoyed the prime location of the hotel and the plush amenities of remodeled rooms. Rate was $151/night for two weekend nights. Didn't enjoy the view of the internal courtryard (room of low-rise portion of hotel) from the 4th floor - though I asked for a low floor - so have nothing to really complain about.One real bummer was the $49/night (incl tax) valet parking. That's the steepest I've seen, NYC or otherwise. Had a $100 Marriott gift certificate to use - so didn't think twice - but this would perhaps sway my vote on another trip...  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thedonk
<Content>First class accommodation With close to 1500 rooms this is a huge property. The facilities were first class and the staff very responsive and cheerful. All in all a great place to stay. Good location. There is lots of shopping around and plenty of restaurants. The cable-car is just around the corner off Market St. and that鈥檚 where you will also find the F train, the Muni and BART. In other words, all the transportation options you want are right around the corner. By the way, if you use the transit system (excl BART) and plan to be in town for three days or more, get yourself a three-day pass for $18.Ask the very helpful concierge service for restaurant recommendations and even to make you a reservation. I highly recommend a family-run Italian restaurant a short walk away called Pazzia. It鈥檚 very small so make a reservation.My room was good but quite small. The bed was comfortable.The interconnect connection requires an ethernet cable and they claim to charge $12.95/day for the right to connect, which in my opinion is a money-grab. If you need it, see if you can get internet connection thrown into your room rate.The bathroom was very small. If anyone from the Marriott is reading this review, please pass on to the hotel manager that it would be a good idea to have more than one towel hook in the bathroom for wet towels. I am certain I went through more towels than I would have, had I had a place to hang them to dry. In other words, a towel rack would actually pay for itself in terms of reduced laundry costs.The fitness facilities are currently under renovation and all equipment is located in temporary conference rooms. Having said that, the equipment is brand new and fantastic. Will be even better once the TV connections to the cardio equipment are properly installed.Overall a great place to stay.Safe travels - thedonk  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MLD31
<Content>Great hotel with great location! YOu cannot beat the location of this hotel. It is a BART ride from the airport. The BART stop is literally outside the door of the hotel. It is next to the huge mall with great gourmet fast food. Beard Papa is behind the hotel and you can get yummy cream puffs. It is an easy walk to Union Square, China Town, etc.. The staff is very professional and courteous. I get such attitude if the room is booked via Priceline when I am at ANY Hitlon. So naturally I was a bit apprehensive. Well I was so wrong! The check in lady could not do enough to accomodate my needs!!! I was shocked! Had a room that overlooks the bay bridge. Room was immaculate! The housekeeping staff is the best. We had an offer for turn down service nightly with the best chocolates!!! On the last night, we were given more chocolates and a beautiful post cards. Hated to pay for internet but that is a minor issue. I will stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>swirlinabc
<Content>Very nice stay, but a few housekeeping issues Stayed last week on business. This is a very nice business hotel. Quiet, comfortable rooms, great plasma TV, A few negative experiences during the stay...On check in, bathroom was obviously not cleaned well, as there was hair from previous guests on the floor. Bath towel had a hole in it. Sheets on bed probably need to be updated for the larger mattresses. My fitted sheet never fit during the entire 5 night stay.One nice thing is the business office provides up to 20 complimentary pages/faxes. Drawback is the $4.00 per 15 minutes internet charge. Alternatively, you can have $14 per day unliimited in your room. I've never quite understood why moderate price hotels frequently offer free internet. Higher end hotels routinely charge for it.The shoe shine guy was extremely nice and does a great job with your shoes. I highly recommend him.In summary, this was a very nice stay. I'd return without hesitation.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>angelinem1
<Content>Wonderful Marriott, Great Location Located on Fouth Street right off Market near the Powell Street Cable Car turnaround couldn't be a better location. No car needed once you've parked. I guess that was the only downside, valet is $49 per night, but worth the price for security. The hotel is extremely comfortable and the service great. Rooms are spacious and relaxing.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>dazoney
<Content>Way Cool!! Went to SF for a raiders, steelers game. The hotel is very nice! We had a great view from our window of the bridges. I would stay again.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	-1	5	

<Author>Frasier63
<Content>Enjoyable stay at SF Marriott I recently stayed at the San Franciso Marriott on business, and I would recommend this hotel without hesitation to others seeking a nice hotel at a reasonable cost. The hotel was within a 10-minute walk to Union Square, and a $10 taxi ride to Fisherman's Wharf.Check-in was quick and courteous, and my requests for a high floor and city view were honored. As my Marriott Rewards profile indicates that we prefer a refrigerator, the person doing check-in offered to have one delivered, as that particular room did not have one. I declined, but thought it nice that it was offered.The room itself was very comfortable. The long desk was along the window wall, from which I had a glorious view of the Bay Bridge. The large, flat screen TV was a nice touch. The hard-wired Internet connection worked very well and log-in instructions were easy to follow. I slept well as the bed was comfortable and outside noise was at a minimum.My only negative comment about the room was that there was no safety deposit box. These were available at the front desk, yet I'd much rather have one in the room.My business associate and I sought the concierge for advice on places to dine and received wonderful advice. We had lunch at the Sushi Boat, near Union Square, and dinner at McCormick  Schmick's. For the latter, the concierge suggested we arrive early for dinner, and we were seated with no wait.Visitors desiring a hotel closer to Union Square and/or tourist attractions might think this hotel somewhat inconvenient -- in fact, we made a wrong turn walking back from Union Square, but found our way again courtesy of a map provided by the concierge. Still, I would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>TizzieBelle
<Content>Not recommended We arrived and checked in to a room which had been used by a previous guest. They did not seemed surprised by this but did move us immediately to a clean room. The bell staff jump on you (literally) to get your luggage and we politely declined help on three occasions. Still they came to drag it away from us and in the process made us trip over them and send the luggage flying. They fight amongst themselves to get to the guests first so they can get a tip which is rude and intrusive. This only seems to happen in the States and I believe that gratutities should be at the guests discretion. I believe in rewarding good service. Also I do believe that it is their jobs to provide a service to guests and this service (if it is good) should be rewarded. If I want to take my own luggage then I should be able to do this without feeling that they want a tip for just opening doors or smiling. One of the concierge answered an outside call when we were in the middle of talking to him. The rooms are adequate but without a fridge. Beds are very comfortable. Housekeeping turned the air conditioning on and then left the windows open. What is the sense in this?! Location is good. Staff appear disinterested and lacking in common customer service skills. If you must stay here then I advise:Do not park here. They charge $50 a night PLUS TAX and you can't take your car out and bring it back in the same day without being charged another $50. Park at one of the public car parks which are close by and significantly cheaper (5th and mission or gardens)  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>davdaven
<Content>Nice Hotel and Great Location       Room with 2 queen beds.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Bananz
<Content>Good but not great Stayed here for a builder's convention....nice beds, good location. That is about it. Oh, there is a Starbucks downstairs....besides that this hote has no charm and must be located near a fire station because I heard sirens a lot more than when I used to stay at the Grand Hyatt up the street on Stockton. During our stay I threw a party in the Presidential Suite for my company and the room was so poorly decorated it was straight out of a 1980's movie. Just outdated and poor use of space. If you are staying in the city and want a great hotel, go to the Hotel Vitale. Way worth the money!!!!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lrnyn
<Content>Very Nice An excellent convention/business hotel. Very convenient. Great location overall. Rooms are clean and spacious. Nice flat screen Tvs. Very good fitness facility and pool area. Overall, I was very satisfied with my stay. I've stayed at the Grand Hyatt and the Mandarin Oriental in SF before and the Marriott was much nicer than the Grand Hyatt and not really that much inferior to the Mandarin but at half the price.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>blaze4fun
<Content>Lots of action is nearby this hotel Nice beds! After staying in a Hyatt on this trip, this bed was noticably better. And the location is excellent for the popular Union Square, Moscone Center and Yurba Buena facility. The lobby was nothing special and the windows were terribly dirty. Otherwise, the room had nice amenities and the staff was friendly.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>LibsterWhy
<Content>Very Convenient to Moscone Center This hotel is a very convenient stay for those who are attending the Moscone Center because it鈥檚 such a short walk. The hotel itself was really nice and I have no complaints what so ever. Our room had a wide-screen tv and the beds were really comfortable. I had some down time while I was there and also loved the fact that the hotel is within walking distance to tons of shops. The hotel serves Starbuck  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wonderwoman25
<Content>Wonderful Vacation Great vacation! Stay in the hotel with my daughter, she was here for a conference. Staff were friendly and very knowlegdable about the surrounding areas. Great room and services.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Belasaria
<Content>Typical Marriott, good location The San Francisco Marriott is a great choice if you are attending a convention at Moscone. Only a block away, it's a relief not to have to walk too far after spending a whole day on your feet at a convention.It is a standard, full-service Marriott. The beds are comfortable and the rooms are an okay size for being downtown. Overall, it didn't leave me with an overwhelming impression one way or the other, which is sad because I really wanted to be impressed by the hotel. The service was good and the bellmen especially helpful. Room service was the typical Marriott menu. Yet, I'm frustrated by the charge for internet service.There are several good restaurants close by, with a movie theatre across the street. The Whole Foods Market is a few blocks away if you want to get some nice snacks. I would probably stay here again for convenience sake because how close it is to the convention center. However, if I was staying in San Fran for other reasons, the Fairmont and the Palace would be my first choices.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>Marykatesmom
<Content>Great Location! The location is perfect and the concierge can get you anywhere very easily. They gave me directions to take the bus with my daughters to Golden Gate Park. It was very simple to do and cost $2.50 each way.The room was average. I had asked to be close to the elevator and got the room behind the elevator. The elevator made noise with each passing but it wasn't awful. A distant swooshing sound but it might disturb others. The view was average, as a Marriott rewards elite member I was hoping for better, especially since the room was no deal.The room had the updated linen's but was rather small and no luggage rack for the suitcase. I'm not crazy about the decor, it looks like it is from Target. Silver mirror and lamp rather dull. The TV was a very large flat screen and I don't think there was a mini-bar but don't me on that.The lobby is busy but the service to the front desk was walk up and the bell captian was plesant. The sports bar at the hotel was OK. No table service during the week, you order at the bar and sit yourself. Plenty of TV's and the food was adequate.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	3	4	4	1	

<Author>955Roger
<Content>Good Location and quality We picked this hotel as we wanted something reliable in a good location. We weren't disapointed. You are right next to the best shopping mall Downtown (Bloomingdale's/Nordstom's) and only 1 block from the Powel St cable car and Union Sq. The hotel was well maintained and the room well equiped, but no mini-bar or fridge. We did have a wide-screen HD television and a good selection of channels. We didn't have a great view but could just see the bay bridge between other buildings (on 29th floor). The room and all common areas we well decorated and clean. The viewing lounge on the 39th floor is well worth a visit. The only bad thing to say was that if you wanted to use the decent swimming pool you had to either change in the toilet or pay $5 each in the health club, which we thought was free from the web site.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ffxstation
<Content>No complaints We stayed here during my wife's conference at the Moscone Center. I will start with the negatives of the hotel...there aren't really any accept if you are looking for a very quiet place to stay. This is b/c this hotel is close to the convetion center and can get very busy and loud in the common areas (not the rooms). Well maybe another negative is that parking is more expensive than the parking garages across the street. Other than that the hotel was great:Good service from house keeping and the front desk.Room was clearn, large and had a comfortable bed and working area.The location is close to shopping, the convetion center, Cal Train, BART and the trolley lines.The fitness center was one of the best I have used at any hotel. Its got three large rooms with plenty of good equipment. It also has a pool, but i didn't use it.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>1travelca
<Content>Stale odor The check-in was quick, the valet was quick, the room was clean and had a nice view (corner, 25th floor) but the non-smoking room had a musty stale odor. For $350/nt, I should smell nothing. After 30 minutes I checked out and went across the street to the Palomar, which accommodated me without a reservation, for $199/nt and the room had no odor whatsoever. The Palomar is also a quiet, low key boutique hotel, whereas the Marriott is overcrowded.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Klopek
<Content>Very helpful - even for Priceline Customers I've booked the Marriott via Priceline for 100 $ per night and contacted the hotel afterwards via email to ask for 2 double beds. About three hours later I got an answer with a reservation number guaranteeing me 2 double beds. I think that's a great service. I'm looking forward to my stay in september.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cynth114
<Content>Beware priceline guests! Expect a very poor front desk attitude when you book through priceline. I haven't stayed at the hotel yet but based on my phone room request i guess i won't have a high expectation, and just have to manage fine without expecting service. I won the room through priceline for $89 a night, what a steal right? Why would i be complaining already? Well i was very excited, right after my reservation was confirmed, called the hotel directly for room request eventhough my trip to SF is still 4 months away. Priceline stated that special request on rooms should contact the hotel directly, so i did. I never ever been treated so low before at any other hotels i've stayed in. Through some of the reviews i read i guess a lot of people that have booked the hotel through priceline feel the same way? I'm not really fussy at all when staying at a hotel, my only request was just to have a room with 2 queen/2 double beds and maybe a refridgerator since i'm still breastpumping. The lady i spoke to (Georgia)refused to let me make any special request and keep stating that I book my room through Priceline( as if I don't have rights to make any special request, and just be happy that i even got a room at the hotel for such bargain) And she also didn't want to even let me know what type of room i'll have. Feeling frustated I contacted Priceline and they took care of me. This is the first time I booked hotel through Priceline. I really recomend Priceline for their customer satisfaction and profesionalism but Do Not recomend this hotel even if you have a good deal. I will write another review after my SF trip.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CaliGirl23
<Content>Great Location in SF The hotel is huge! and fairly nice. The people are polite. The lobby is big. The carpet is a little dated and makes the hallway smell a little funny. But other than that, everything was great. The room and the bed are wonderful. The sheets and bed are soft and comfortable. It's so much better than my bed at home. The hotel is in a great location and in the heart of downtown. It's across the street from the SONY Metreon and the Moscone Center. It's also a few blocks from Union Square. It's about 1.5 blocks from the BART. You can also take the BART to and from SFO (airport). There is plenty of shopping and resaurants in the surrounding area. It's about 3 blocks from the famous 7 story Nordstrom's. There's also free internet. You can take the bus to Fisherman's Wharf. Valet parking is a little expensive so if you don't have to get a car, don't. Overall, I would recommend this place to anyone!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Calif-Dining-Diva
<Content>Great Location  As Marriott Rewards members, my husband and I accrue points for staying at Marriott and Courtyard hotels, and recently we decided to use some points for a free night at the SF Marriott. We visited family and saw the sights while we were there.Marriott treats its Rewards customers like royalty. No standing in line to check in; rooms are upgraded at no extra charge whenever available; service of all kinds is outstanding. Our room was in the corner with a gorgeous view of the city and a peek of the Bay between buildings. The king-sized bed was the second most comfortable I've ever slept in (the best was in Zagreb, Croatia--a bit far to go for a good night's sleep!). The linens were smooth and fresh. The room temperature was perfect, and although the hotel is located in the middle of one of the busiest areas of the city, it was very quiet!The bar on top has an excellent view of the city, and although the drink prices are a bit high, one is also paying for the view and the good service. We did not dine at the hotel that evening.I was only disappointed with two things: The buffet breakfast, which contained an excellent variety of dishes, was cold. I especially can't stand cold scrambled eggs, and theirs were cooler than room temperature. The meats and french toast weren't much warmer.The other shock (it is San Francisco, I realize) was the $50 per day parking fee. Wow! I was prepared for $25 or $30, but that was a bit much. I highly recommend the hotel, however, if you can stand the parking fee. You might want to walk up the street to Sears Fine Food (not affiliated with the dept. store) for pancakes for breakfast or to one of the bakeries nearby.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>evvtraveler
<Content>Great Hotel in SFO While visiting a friend in San Francisco I stayed at the Marriott. I was first amazed at the size of the hotel and it seemed to be the convention headquarters. At check-in I requested a nice size room with a city view and that's exactly what I received. The staff at the hotel was very friendly and always asked me if there was anything they could do. This location is perfect if you looking for a central location to everything San Francisco has to offer.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IANTOJONES
<Content>Great hotel in a great location         
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Glindaba
<Content>Poor Hotel There are so many things wrong with this hotel that it is hard to find any positives apart from the location and the bed.The concierge was singularly unhelpful on the four occasions we consulted them for advice and reservations; the restaurant is appallingly managed - we were asked to take a ticket and stand in line behind 20 other guests one morning for breakfast. When I complained I was told in no uncertain terms to use the Starbucks in the lobby! The maid service is perfunctory to say the least; old newspapers were not removed daily and the room remained untidy even after service. In fact one day a service box was left in our room and remained for three days! The service in The View was terrible with a surly barman grudgingly providing service such as it was.This is a big, characterless and total impersonal hotel. It seems to attract the business traveller with it's easy access to the local conference centre who seem incapable of excercising any kind of discretion or tact when doing business in the public areas.Avoid unless desperate.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bagpackedletsgo
<Content>Marriott should be ashamed I attended a large conference at the San Francisco Marriott in January of 2007. I attend alot of large conferences, so I have many experiences to compare this to. There were two dreadful things about this hotel. First was the fact that four people in our group reported having blood stains in their rooms. Either on the floor or the bedsheets. These were official reports made through security. Who knows how many other stains were found and not reported. The second abomination was the food. Every single meal, from buffet to formal banquet was horrible. I did not eat at any of the restaurants or order room service, so I can't speak to that. Other than those two glaring negatives, the hotel is mediocre. It's biggest benefit is its location near Union Square. The second floor bar area was nice, and the bartenders friendly. The rooms were worn and old-looking. There was no mini-bar, safe, robe, or other nice amenities. I've stayed at many other hotels in downtown San Fran and would certainly consider those before returning to the SF Marriott.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>Debordo
<Content>Terrific Hotel We just returned from an awesome trip to SanFrancisco. The Marriott at Fisherman's Wharf is a terrific Hotel. We arrived at the Hotel at 11 AM expecting just to leave our luggage with the Bellman until check-in time. We were warmly welcomed and given a room immediately. Everyone at the Marriott was friendly and very helpful. We'd highly recommend this hotel for it's clean rooms, friendly staff, location and service.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jsr914
<Content>Simply no issues - Great Stay! We travel to the City about once per year for a weekend get-a-way. We booked the Marriott through priceline for about $90 per night and expected the worst (as it seems many hotels treat the priceline purchasers as second-class citizens.)Our experience was entirely positive. We arrived at 9:00 a.m. on Saturday and our room was already ready . The King bed we asked for was provided and was very comfortable. The room was nothing amazing, but it was large and clean as was the bathroom. The staff were friendly and helpful at all times.The hotel is located just South of Market and is a quick walk to Union Square, North Beach and nearby museums. I wouldn't hestiate to recommend the Marriott . If I had paid $300 per night, I might not have been so happy, but at the priceline rate it was a steal.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>tln99
<Content>A nice stay at SF Marriott We stayed at SF Marriott on Dec. 30 and had a wonderful experience. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and the room was brightly lit. Some hotel rooms are not bright enough for reading even when all the lights are on. SF Marriott did not have this problem. The location was close to many major attractions. The valet staff was very helpful. Look forward to staying at SF Marriott again!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>herfav
<Content>Thank you for the room change!! My wife and I were staying at the Marriott Downtown for December 30 and the 31st. The first night our room was adjacent to some early New Years Partyers. We kept thinking the noise would stop so we did not call security. The next day we voiced our concern with the front desk and we were promptly given another room on another floor. No questions nor hesitations (I am sure the hotel computer showed us as Priceline guests.....not a mention except for apologies for our inconvieniences). New Years Eve night was great.. Thank you to the management for making our stay First Rate!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NCdoc1
<Content>One of my favorites! Wonderful location in SoMa, across from Yerba Buena park, close to Moscone for meetings, near Union Square and SF Centre for shopping, 2 blocks from Powell St cablecar terminus and Halliday Plaza BART. A little too convention-y but perks make up for thisService excellent, rooms immaculate Would be nice if it had in-room coffee and free internet  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Furhank
<Content>Real dissappointment We've stayed at the SF Marriott (Jukebox) previously without complaint but this time was really bad. Check In was extremely slow. The carpet hadn't been vacuumed in our room, there was a slimy substance on the nightstand and the bathroom had some nasty looking stuff on the tile floor. What's worse, the bed had sharp little feathers poking through the sheets that poked us all night and given the level of the room's overall cleanliness, we wondered when the sheets had last been changed.We called the front desk after discovering the room conditions immediately, they apologized and said they'd send housekeeping right away. We went out for a night on the town. Upon returning we found chocolates on the pillows but nothing had been cleaned. By that time it was quite late so we just went to bed.We normally stay at Marriott's both nationally and internationally, typically 12-15 nights each year. This was the worst experience we've had anywhere.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Persimon
<Content>A Good Stay We've just returned from a three night stay at the Mariott. The staff was very helpful and always with a smile. The room and the bathroom were very clean and the bed very comfortable. The room size, though somewhat small, was typical of the size you would get at any major city . The bar on the 37th floor offers magnificent view of the city and is well worth the ride up the elevator. The hotel is in a great location. It is near the shopping center, a 10 minute walk from China Town, a very short walk to the cable car, and around the corner from SF muesum of modern art. This hotel is a great place for both buisness and pleasure.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>eric21
<Content>Awesome Place We booked our room through Priceline.com and got a beautiful room for $125 a night on Friday and Saturday. Everything and everyone from the valet service to housekeeping was fantastic. The valet was full of information and was extremely kind. The bellboys were awesome. The front desk people more than went out of their way to help us. And the room was clean, newly-renovated, and extremely comfortable. The beds were to die for. The only drawback was that parking was $49 a night at the hotel. The valet recommended that we park just down the street at the Mission and Fifth Garage...we parked there for the whole weekend for $46. This hotel is close to shopping, close to the Powell/Market cable car stop, and is within footsteps to some of the world's best restaurants. Even the breakfast buffet at the hotel was great. We would stay here again any day!!!!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>uncbones
<Content>A very busy place! I came away with several impressions from my three-night stay. First, the Marriott is a very bustling and busy place. Lots of covention traffic. While I was there on vacation, the lobby was a vibrant center of activitiy. Yet once on my floor and my room, this was a great place to unwind and relax. I loved the oversized desk that overlooked the San Francisco skyline. No complaints at all with the room. The breakfast buffet was all I could ask for. Hotel location close to some good shopping and transportation to tourist attractiions. Staff was friendly and helpful. Visited the lounge on the 37th floor and it offered a great view, although a bit too crowded for me to enjoy a drink. But I can't fault it for being popular. This is really a business/conference hotel and probably is not geared to the typical tourist. Nonetheless, I was very satisfied with the accomodations and location of the Marriott. for my needs.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>prttybyrd
<Content>Had a great time We got an excellent rate on Priceline for the Marriott. My husband and I stayed for three nights. Although the Marriott lacks some of the ambiance and character that the smaller boutique hotels have, it hits everything else right on the head. Customer service was great. We were promptly checked in with a smile. Our request for a king room with a view was granted without question. Our bags were brought to us in our room, which was very spacious and clean. The bathroom was very large, new, and spotless. The shower was great and we always had hot water. There is a full sized iron and ironing board in the room. The bed was very soft, there is a thick down featherbed on top of the mattress. The bed was probably one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in as far as hotels go. I didn't want to leave the bed in the morning!The hotel's location is also superb. It is on 4th and Market, right in the middle of the shopping district. The entrance to the bart/muni is literally right outside the hotel. There are buses, cable cars, and street cars right there at the intersection to take you anywhere in the city. There is a brand new upscale mall right across from the hotel which made for some exciting shopping. There is a bar at the top of the hotel on the 39th floor. My husband and I went up one night just to see the view, and it was beautiful. The bar has very tall floor to ceiling windows. We were unable to have a drink because the bar was so crowded.In summary, the hotel was great. Very clean, employees always smiling and helpful, nice spacious room with soft bed. One complaint: paying for internet access. A hotel of this magnitude should have free in room wireless service, especially with the number of business travelers they accommodate.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Mrandyd
<Content>Great bar ; Great hotel ;Great city The staff, facilities, location were AAA. SF - Cool place, cool people. SF - f you ever get bored of the USA, why not detach yourself from the continent and come to Europe?A must to any resident however. You must travel in pairs. One must travel in a khaki two piece. The other in a Darth Vader outfit. Go to the top floor bar at opening time, and whilst it is empty, re-enact the light sabre scene from The Empire Strikes Back.Seriously, great bar. Great great bar. And we were travelling with a five month old boy (also a jedi) and we felt very welcome.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>MilwCu1975
<Content>Genuine rip-off My partner and I stayed at this hotel that we booked through priceline, and it felt as if we we're treated as lower tier humans for doing so. When we had a complaint, the clerk at the front desk made it a point to remind us that we booked our room through priceline, making us feel belittled and unworthy of staying at their establishment. Our complaint was that the clerk that registered us in charged $100 to our card, unbeknownst to us. The front desk manager, although apologetic and polite, stated he would call our bank and reverse the charges. The next day he promised us he did make the call. He never did, and our bank verified that no call was ever made. He told a bold faced lie right to our faces. And this was their manager! All of the front desk personnel we were in contact with really needed an attitude adjustment and/or a severe refresher course in good customer service.Unless you paid full price for one of their rooms, expect less than great customer service. The location and room itself were so-so, and as a previous poster said, they do try to gouge you for your money at every turn. No coffee pots in the rooms, which, for a 4-star hotel, should be a given. $13/day for internet; most other hotels I've stayed at offer free Wi-Fi. No alcohol can be brought in; they say it's the law (although I haven't found it anywhere online), even though they can serve it to you in their lounges and restaurants and charge exorbiant prices for it.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	2	4	2	1	1	

<Author>Fun2Travel13
<Content>Great customer service I love trip advisor and was pleased to read the reviews for the Marriottt when making our decision for where to stay in San Francisco. I have traveled to the city many times and wanted to be close to the shopping near Union Square. Pros:1) The location was awesome. Very convenient to all the downtown shops and restaurants.2) Comfortable bed and linens. The best I've had in a long time and we've stayed at 4-5 star hotels recently.3) Friendly staff. Very helpful and knowledgeable.4) Although a conference hotel, they treat all the guests well without the move-them-in and out mentality.5) Indoor pool.Cons:1) Very small fitness center. It gets very crowded in the mornings.2) Rooms were a little small with not a great view (but this is being picky)Overall, we had a great stay and didn't expect to have such great service for the size of the hotel. We will be staying there again next time we are back in the San Francisco.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>rosie13
<Content>Good business hotel Recently stayed 5 nights at this hotel. Excellent location in San francisco, minutes from Union Square, and right next to new Westfield Mall/Bloomingdales! Good conference facilities, with seamless service and good food. Internet rates in business centre extortionate ($4 for 15 minutes). Lovely swimming pool. Room was spacious; bed excellent. No tea/coffee-making facilities in the room and limited room service options; no face flannels in bathroom; towels a little threadbare. Bed VERY comfortable. Recommend for business stays.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>gjbrail
<Content>Best location for conferences I stayed at the Marriot in September for a conference in the Moscone Center. San Francisco is a great place for a business trip because you can do all sorts of things without having a car, and I like walking. However, my usual hotel, the Omni, is a bit far from the Moscone Center, where most conferences are held. Depending on corpoate travel rates and the like, the Marriot may be more or less expensive than the Omni, but it's right across the street from the Moscone and the Metreon, and a short walk from the Financial District.My room on this stay was pleasantly large, clean, and well-appointed. For a business traveler or a conference-goer planning on a few extra days, the Marriot is a great choice. For a traveler on vacation, there may be better deals and more personal hotels than this behemoth, but the Marriot would be comfortable and convenient.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Tripfantastic
<Content>I listened to Tripadvisor about this one As usual, Tripadvisor hit the nail right on the head! This is an awesome hotel and the reviewers helped me tremendously. I asked for a room in the high tower facing St. Patrick's Cathedral and it was delightful. One thing to be warned about, however: the double beds are more like enlarged singles. Actually, the man at the reception desk told my husband and me that he had a quiet bed with two beds in it. Hmmm, maybe we should have asked how large the beds were! Aside from this minor flaw, our stay was delightful. Dan at the concierge desk is the best and everyone we came in contact with in the hotel was very professional. Loved the pool, and yes, does have a bit too much chlorine. Did not like Mel's Diner, way too noisy and overdone. Had a very simple breakfast daily directly across the street at dear old Denny's. Had fantastic Chinese food at Far East on Grant where they have private rooms (!) and Kan's directly across. Try the Peking Duck. I want to go back just writing this!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>onthepond
<Content>very nice This hotel is very nice. I was just there for a very large conference. I read the reviews on this site and was a bit apprehensive by some comments. My husband was the one participating in the conference and I would basicly be on my own every day, during the day. The hotel is in a decent location (within walking distance to many places) On our way to Chinatown we were able to catch the Love Parade on Saturday.................interesting!! I didn't know men (only 3 but more than enough for my taste) could down a busy city street Buck Naked. My stomach hurt from laughing so hard. Sorry guys there were no girls to follow suit. Also I got to see the motorcade of the King of Sweden pass in front of the hotel. Not everyday that you get to see that. Anyway ...back to the hotel. Our king room was big enough for the 2 of us. The bed was fantastic. Thumbs up of that one. I read on this site that a coffee maker was not supplied, so I brought my own. The pot however broke during the flight. I called the front desk and they provided us with a coffee maker. It is 2 cups only but good enough to get me going. You just have to call the front dest and ask for it and it is provided at no charge. The internet service, however, is not. The conference that we attended picked up the tab on all of our internet service. If you are attending a conference, you should ask the front desk to see if your conference is the same. If that had not been our case I would have been upset. If you are reading this Marroitt, please consider changing this policy and making it comp. The conference that we attended demanded nothing but perfection and this hotel certainly stepped up to the plate. The receptions, food and staffing were top notch.We had a terrible view of a roof but we never requested a view so no complaints here.My recommendations: Mels Drive In across the street is great for a quick breakfast or lunch. Very busy, fast service, cute Happy Days decor, good food at a decent price.I didn't like the Bistro across the street for dinner. I thought it was over priced and I don't like to have to ask for an explanation of the items on the menu. This resturant just left a bad taste in my mouth. If you listen to one thing that I say, go the Beard Papa's right behind the marroitt. They have the best cream puffs that you have ever tasted. I had the vanilla bean and it was out of this world. I am not a sweet eater but I heard about this place and I couldn't resist. Wow, you just have to try it for yourself to see what I mean. Over all, I would say that this was a very pleasurable stay.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	5	1	

<Author>ManorRoad
<Content>Nice position We were only likely to go to San Francisco once, but we had five nights, so we were unconvinced about the location of this place - it seemed away from the sights, and in a 'business district'. But, its position was perfect for us - everything except Fisherman's Wharf was walkable - and it had a four star feel for a three star price.Hotel tip: don't be scared of the top floor bar. Nice folk, reasonable prices, no booking required.San Francisco tips:- book good weather! The Golden Gate was invisible for 24 hours; ah, but when it appeared in the sunshine...- give Alcatraz a miss, and be aware the boat that takes you there doesn't go under the Golden Gate bridge- for large groups (five of us) taxis are cheaper than public transport- go the Apple shop across the road from the Marriott- some restaurants have queues outside. This is because they are good. Got put off by a queue, and compromised by going to the empty place two doors down. Regretted it.- chill out at Golden Gate park, but don't expect a children's playground - it's closed for refurbishment  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Boston732
<Content>Very comfortable stay We took two rooms at the Marriott for three days. Our room had a beautiful nighttime view of the city and the other room overlooked the center for the arts. Both were very quiet. The bed was exceptionally comfortable. The robes provided for our use were very, very nice. All areas of the hotel were very well maintained.The lobby was lovely. It was busy, but they moved the lines very quickly and the staff was professional. Dan the concierge was EXTREMELY helpful and even gave us his personal phone number should we need to call him. (Which we did!!)The exercise facility had bikes, ellipticals and treadmills as well as weights. They had individual TVs in the treadmillsthat played movies and complimentary headsets. The fitness area also had a spa- but I didn't get a chance to use those services. (Next time.)We had a great breakfast at the hotel every morning. They made omelets to order. Try the salsa! The lobby kiosk for the Starbucks had a long line one morning, but there was an excellent coffee shop right around the corner from the hotel and another Starbucks store across Market Street. (Out the door, make a right. Another right at the corner of Market, one block up and you are there. I think it was called the Coffee Beanery. Starbucks was across Market street from the Beanery -near the Bart station.)The 15, 30 and 45 buses stop right in back of the hotel- in front of the Office Max (Office Depot? some office supply store.) They will take you up to North Beach or Chinatown.Easy access to transportation. Quiet, comfortable beds. Friendly, helpful staff. I would not hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Liza23
<Content>Busy, Busy, Busy.... Being a loyal marriott customer, I was disappointed with our visit. First the good; great bed/mattress; slept wonderfully every night! The concierge, simply excellent - offered a lot of great activities and great advice on dining. The not so good; fitness center was too crowded; 3 of 5 days I visited there were not enough machines and temperature very hot inside. This is a very busy hotel and can get quite loud. The lobby was like grand central station at times. Some of the guests were rude. The staff at Marriott, as always very professional. The week we visited there was a convention; perhaps that was the issue...? Picked up the room for about $100 per night due to expedia special...if I paid the standard $200-$250; I would have been very upset!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>gam1331
<Content>loved the marriott san francisco, the best       our room (a little messy!!)  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SkunkyLeMay
<Content>OK for the price, but wouldn't do it again... I booked a room at the SF Marriott through Priceline. I figured even if I could not be assured of the exact location I desired, I would be able to count on a decent room. Basically this is what I got. The room itself was fine, if a bit dark (we were on the 8th floor). This is a very large hotel (39 floors) with a lobby that never sleeps in an area that seems pretty busy all the time as well. Location: If you go south on Market, more to the heart of the financial district, things are nice, the sidewalks clean, and even a few trees planted here and there. If you go north on Market, the streets gets dirtier, and the stores seedier. Sixth street, which is two blocks up, is particularly unscenic. Fourth St., where the hotel is located, appears to be the cutoff point for the neighborhood. Also, if the main entrance was on Market, rather than Fourth, it would be a big improvement. The main entrance is recessed, which is prob. appreciated when it rains, but looks dark and grungy, and the sidewalk on Fourth is narrow, which makes it crowded with all the tourists streaming in and out. Interiors: The interiors are fine, generally speaking, but one morning I walked to the elevator to find a pile of Cheetos on the floor, some of which had been ground into the carpeting. It was still there 2-3 hours later. Same thing with gum wrappers. This type of thing skeeves me out. The lobby is glitzy. There is a waterfall somewhere (used to mitigate lobby noise) and things like chandeliers and marble. However, all this being said, the basics were fine, and I could stand the shortcomings given that we had gotten a decent discount through Priceline. Still, I could not help but think everyone else passing through the lobby had gotten the same deal.In sum,the pros: *two blocks from the BART station*decent rooms with comfortable beds and nice bathrooms*friendly, professional front desk staffthe cons: *dark, recessed entrance in slightly borderline area (in my opinion)*hallways outside rooms could be cleaner (saw ground Cheetos and bits of toilet paper on the carpeting)*a bit of nickel and diming (Internet and parking--parking is $49/day) but I suppose this is to be expected at a hotel that caters to business travelers who are getting reimbursed by their companies anyway  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	2	2	5	4	3	

<Author>Rubydooo
<Content>LOVED the bed! We stayed in the Marriott Downtown for 3 nights in mid-July. We really enjoyed our stay. The room was small, but very cozy, but we really loved the feather bed and pillows. As we got in the bed, we just sank into it. And we actually slept better in this bed than our own bed. In fact, we decided to order our own feather bed to put on top of ours at home. Everything was very clean and we really enjoyed our stay. We didn't have a good view, but we weren't in the room very much. They had a great breakfast buffet. It was pricey, but very good. We would like to stay there again if we ever make it to SF again.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AMucci
<Content>Marriott for a conference My husband and I stayed at the Marriott for a conference last week. It was a great conference property, large lobby, plenty of meeting space. Location was great for shopping- walk just a block or two and you will find a large selection of stores, ranging from Ross and Old Navy, to Macys and Nordstroms, up to Gucci and Armani. Short walk to cable car turnaround, about 8 blocks to Chinatown, 8 blocks to ATT Park. You will have to either wait for the trolleys to get to Ghiradelli or Fishermans wharf, or take a cab- they are not within walking distance. Never a wait to get a taxi at the hotel, doormen and conceirge are a great help.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jscan
<Content>nice hotel clean hotel, very friendly staff,stayed for two nights, a good distance from pier 39 but the cable car ride made it worth while. You have to hit the cable car ride at certain times to avoid the lines. (for those of you who dont know a trolley is the tourist version, but the locals call them cable cars because they are actually operated on underground cables). If you want to enjoy the exciting life of the Long wharf piers then stay closer to them and do your homework on which hotels are the closest.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>itinerant
<Content>Fantastic Bed! Stayed here one night and was pleasantly surprised at how nice it was. The bed was first rate! ...a foam mattress with down pad on top. The room was quiet and nicely decorated. The only drawback was they did not have a coffee machine in the room and we needed to go downstairs for coffee.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LFCJMC
<Content>I recommend the San Francisco Marriott I recommend the San Francisco Marriott and would stay there again. Our room was spotless with nice furniture, new carpeting, and a granite countertop in the bathroom. There were aways two people staffing the consierge desk to help with tourism needs. The cocktail lounge on the 39th floor has a great view, and breakfast is excellent with a lot of fresh fruit. The best part is the location with great shopping and restaurants a half-block away. The trolley and cable-car stops are up the street to take you to Fisherman's Wharf.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ChrisGandTheBean
<Content>Not bad but slightly disappointing This was the first hotel of a few that we stayed in whilst in the US. We arrived by cab so parking wasn't an issue and the lobby staff were very friendly. They were aware that it was our honeymoon and we had a Deluxe Room City View but somehow it just wasn't anything special. Although we were on the 33rd floor, the view was alright but it wasn't anything special. The room wasn't very spacious compared to other rooms we had later on in our holiday and it wasn't really clean but it wasn't dirty either. It seemed clutted and cramped. That said, the bed was fantastic and it was fairly quiet. Initially, we ate breakfast in Mel's Diner across the other side of Mission Street which was a really nice way to start the day even though we were usually there between 6 and 7 in the morning. We didn't eat during the day or the evening in the hotel but we did have drinks in the Atrium Lounge in the evening. It was very comfortable and the staff were really friendly which is not what I could say about The View which is a bar on the 39th floor. The view is fantastic but it only opened at 4pm and was shut by midnight. If you could get anywhere near to the bar, the bar staff were just plain rude as they couldn't care less about serving you. On the last two days, we ate breakfast in the Garden Restaurant in the hotel and that was very good both with regards to the staff and to the food. Overall, it was a dissappointment.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marginal for the price For the level of hotel this was, I was a bit disappointed. The rooms were not laid out very well. The host in the concierge lounge was not helpful (we resorted to talking with the concierge downstairs with better success). The indoor pool was nice, but the chlorine was overpowering. The workout facilities were small but had all the cardio equipment--plus small TV's on each piece of equipment. Nice touch. The valet service, while expensive, was top notch and in and outs are allowed and free. The front desk and bell hops were very good. Overall, for the price, I would probably stay at the Parc 55 or other top-o-the-line hotel. When I re-read this response, it sounds negative. The hotel was not bad in any way. It was a very nice, clean, quiet hotel. However, since I travel for work on a weekly basis, I was expecting more from this high-end hotel. From that perspective, I was let down a little. This is still a very, very nice hotel with excellent amenities, a great location, and a fair price.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sannasun
<Content>Great Hotel Just returned from 3 days stay at the San Francisco Marriott Downtown.LOCATION: Its a nice hotel in SOMA close to MarketStreet and Museum of Modern Art. The neighborhood is nice and close to Market Street shopping, Muni train stationand many tourist attractions and is quite safe even late at night.ROOM: The room that was offered to me was anon-smoking disabled access room, so your roommight differ from these description about the room.The view of the city and MOMA was great from theroom. There is a separate high floor elevator thatprovides quick access to high floors with as fewstops as possible. The room and bathroom was very spacious. One thing that is noticably missing in the room was a mini-bar. I arrived late night and wanted some snack.The room service was closed and there was nomini-bar. Fortunately, there are quite a few 24 hourconvenience stores steps away from the hotel onMarket street.The carpet and furniture was little worn, but the linensand comforters were fresh and new.STAFF: The front desk staff was very nice and gave mea high floor room with view. Housekeeping staff wascourteous as well. Didn't have a chance to talk with concierge services - so can't comment on that.FACILITIES: The room has high speed wired internet access available for an extra $12.95. This charge alsoincludes unlimited local calling and unlimited domesticlong distance within the continental US. Room hasa TV with number of US channels including HBO and Starz.To SUM UP, this is a great hotel with good service. I wouldrate it 3.5 stars. With minimal renovations to rooms, itcould upgrade to 4 stars easily.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>spatravel
<Content>Very Friendly Staff We stayed in this hotel for four nights in early May for a wine-country vacation. We knew ahead of time that the parking was going to be $45 per day, so we were prepared for the cost involved. We knew that San Francisco is made up of several one-way streets, so it was not hard to navigate our way around to the vehicle entrance. (hint: if you pull up to the front of the hotel on 4th, the bellman will give you a piece of paper with instructions on what streets to take and what direction to turn to take you around to the valet entrance). The bathroom was typical, but the Kohler shower head was amazing! I've never been so impressed with a hotel shower in my life! My only complaint was that housekeeping came early every day. We are not early risers (even on vacation) and housekeeping was knocking on our door at about 9am each day. I had to ask them to please come back later EVERY day. The best experience of all, however, was the staff in the lobby and at the front desk. There was a delightful gentleman, average height with a bald head that stood in the lobby, and each morning as we were leaving he would greet us, and each evening when we returned he asked us how our day was...where did we eat for lunch, etc. After the second day he recognized us and made a point to say hello. Also fabulous was the gentleman behind the front desk with an exceptional taste in ties. He had a great colorful tie on each day, and when we checked in he was fantastic.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Berggericht
<Content>Clean and quiet We stayed 2 days after arrival from an overseas flight and asked for a quiet room to recover from jet lag. The receptionist gave us a a nice corner room with no neighbours and we could recover properly. The room was very clean and comfortable. The view was not breathtaing but O.K.If you look for a great view go to the bar on top of the hotel, grab yourself a beer and enjoy sunset.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bear904
<Content>Great Hotel All staff was friendly and accomodating. Great corner room on the 24th floor. Roomy and very clean. Within walking distance of many locations and public transportation. This was my 2nd visit to SF and I enjoyed this hotel much better than the Fairmont.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lazzlazz
<Content>Overall, a good hotel Marriott San Francisco (on Market Street) April 2006This hotel is quite nice. It's a convention hotel so you get what comes with that: a huge impersonal lobby, hordes of people going/coming from the convention, and so on. Location is in the middle of the shops on Market Place, right near a BART station, a nice walk down to the Embarcadero. Parking at hotel is very expensive but there are nearby municipal lots for about $22 per 24-hours (no in/out privileges). If you can, park at one of the east-bay BART stations ($5 per 24 hour period but reservations for long-term parking need to be made in advance; instructions at the BART website) and ride BART in. Pretty much anything you could want is near-by: drug store, office depot, radio shack, all the shops you'd find in a mall, cafes, restaurants (from cheap to expensive), a copy place just a block or two away on Market Street with fairly cheap internet access (10 cents/minute with $1.50 minimum charge - hotel internet is $13 per 24 hour period (noon to noon, I believe), or, at the business center (limited hours), $4 for 15 minutes). We couldn't find an internet cafe nearby.The reception staff were quite competent; I checked in before the rush so there wasn't much of a wait. I requested a later check-out which was granted so check-out didn't involve a wait, either. I requested that no newspapers be delivered but USA Today was delivered anyhow. When I checked out, I left my luggage at the luggage check. Luggage drop-off was quite quick, but luggage pick-up involved a long wait. To add insult to injury, there were a number of us in line, but when the employee came back from retrieving someone else's items, he went to a businessman who had just arrived and who was standing on the other side of the podium, well outside the line, and helped him before helping those of us who were standing in line. Needless to say, I didn't give him the tip I had prepared.The rooms were acceptable. Clean, recently renovated, but impersonal. The hotel has gone to duvets which I wholly approve of, and beds have a nice selection of pillows (4) of varying firmness. No mini-bar in the room (I usually store my drinks in the refrigerator), so I requested a refrigerator be delivered, which was quite loud and ugly. The bed was fairly comfortable - a bit soft for my liking - I didn't tear the bed apart but the mattress was either a pillow top mattress or had a feather bed under the sheet. Bathroom floors were marble tile which was quite a nice touch and the vanity was wooden with built-in shelves for the towels. The office chair at the desk was a little ratty. There was no fan in the bathroom although ventilation seemed fairly strong (but no way to turn it off if you wanted to steam up the bathroom to remove wrinkles from clothes).I asked for a room in the highest tower as I had read that rooms closest to the street could be noisy. Street noise was not a problem if the windows were closed. I also asked for a room well away from elevators, ice machines, traffic, etc. and did not have any problems with hallway noise. I was on the 24th floor on the St. Patrick's Cathedral side (city view) which had as good a view as any of the higher floors as surrounding buildings were high enough to block the view from them as well as from the 24th floor.The room overall was quite clean although it was clear under the bed had not been vacuumed in quite some time, which is really surprising seeing as it shouldn't take much time at all to run a vacuum under the bed (assuming the Marriott has purchased vacuums which fit under the bed - if they haven't, that is pretty stupid). Marriott's policy is to NOT change bedsheets for guests staying multiple nights unless a card is placed on the bed - I highly approve of this policy as it's much better for the environment. In addition to the Gideon Bible, the Marriott is providing the Book of Mormon. In my opinion, all religious material should be removed from the rooms and only delivered upon guest request.The room had a hair dryer which almost burst into flames the first time I tried using it. It kept dying and I thought it was a problem with the outlet, but then a bit of smoke started coming out of the exhaust vent and I quickly unplugged it. It was replaced in about 15 minutes by housekeeping by the same model which worked fine. Marriott probably buys extremely cheap hair dryers (who can blame them as people are probably careless with them) which eventually short out as mine did.The best part of the hotel was the fitness center. There was no additional charge for using the equipment, although use of the shower room/locker involved a $5 additional charge. There was quite a range of machines to use and an adequate number. The pool was small - not good for lap swimming, although the hot tub was huge. I don't trust the cleanliness of hotel pools/hot tubs (due to all the kids) so did not use them. In the reception area of the fitness center, they had ice water with lime or lemon, plus a variety of fruits (apples, bananas, oranges) and plenty of towels. Other hotels I have stayed at have charged to used fitness centers that are this nice. The tread mills and recumbent bikes are hooked up to the hotel's cable, although you do need to bring your own headphones.The concierge line was quite long every time I passed by; the one night when we wanted information and were in line, the bellboy came over and offered to help. We wanted information about the Mission District: best burrito place and help finding an ice cream place I had been to before but didn't recall the name of. He was quite helpful: he knew the ice cream place and provided directions but couldn't recall the name (we found it and it's called Bombay - I strongly recommend it although it closes relatively early), and sent us to Pancho Villa for burritos which had fantastic and cheap burritos. I think we got better information from him than we would have from the concierge, who was probably used to sending guests to far pricier restaurants. The bellboy, in contrast, lived in the Mission District.I had previously stayed at the Grand Hyatt on Union Square and thought it was nice, but the Marriott's fitness center and somewhat better location make it the better hotel, in my opinion. The Hyatt's top-floor bar is nice (but pricey); the Marriott is supposed to have a nice view from their top-floor bar, but I never made it up there.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Ted Fry
<Content>Outstanding Location is perfect if you're in town for all the traditional sights: Everything from 24-hour diners to world-class shopping is within easy walking distance, and transport to more distant attractions is a snap. Service personnel were exceptionally helpful and courteous (but never instrusive); rooms were spotless and well-insulated from external noise, and on-site facilities were first class. Unlike so many other establishments of its caliber (and there are quite a few in SFO), a four-star property that actually delivers on every promise. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aptbroker1
<Content>Be Careful When Booking this Hotel! I stayed at the Marriott SF on April 5, and the first minute I arrived, the problems started. First the entrance to the hotel is NOT the hotel address. It's about 4 blocks via one way streets. I missed a turn and spent 10 minutes getting back to the entrance. The parking was an astronomic $45 a day! I am a Marriott rewards member, so I was confident I would get a nice room on a high floor. When I walked in to my 35th floor room, I found that I had a great view of the air conditioner units. I immediately called the front desk, and was politely told I could have a 4th floor room instead. When I complained to the manager, she gave me a 14th floor room, overlooking piles of garbage on the roof of the hotel's other wing. It was terrible! The room itself was OK, especially the bathroom, but the high speed internet costs another $13 a day. This hotel is dedicated to taking your money as efficently as possible. In conclusion, I would not rate this hotel as a 4 star, and I give the management a resounding F as in extremely poor. I will not stay at this Marriott again.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent  I stayed in Marriott on Fourth Street during the weekend of the NIKE Womens Marathon. The room was magnificant and VERY clean! The view of San Francisco from the hotel room was incredible. The upstairs bar/lounge/restaurant was a nice with a relaxing atmosphere. The staff was friendly and willing to assist with any questions or concerns. The breakfast buffet was a little pricey but well worth the cost. It is located in the heart of downtown San Francisco with Trolley and Cable Car service easliy accessible. Very nice hotel!! Definately a place to stay!!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel I just got back from staying at this hotel. Overall it was a very pleasurable experience. The room was very comfortable and user friendly for a business traveler. They did not charge for using the gym, which many hotels do. Finally, the breakfast in thier Terrace restaurant was surprisingly good. I would highly recommend this hotel, especially if you are staying near the convention center or Union Square.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location The location of the hotel was excellent. Walking distance to Union Square, Sears Restaurant on Powell (great breakfast), San Francisco Mall, CrateBarrel, HM, Anthropologies, William Sonoma, Macy's, Neiman Marcus, Metronome, Moscone Ctr. etc.... It was also very close to the cable car and BART. The rooms were very clean and the size just enough room for two. I was disappointed that they did not have a coffee machine to make a cup when I get up or even making hot water for tea in the evening or a small mini bar. They do have a coffee kiosk downstairs in the lobby but there was a long line with only one person working there. I preferred to go to Coffee Bean for coffee around the corner on Market Street for its mocha ice blended coffee. We rented a car for couple of days and found the overnight parking was extremely high of $45.00 and you had to have it valet parked so by the time you add the tax and tip try dishing out $50.00 (that's more than the rented car per day) I found a public parking on 5th and Mission across kiddie corner from the hotel which was $22.00 for 24 hours.  I noticed on the floor where we stayed the room service tray was not picked up right away and were sitting out all day.  The water pipe made loud noises when the neighboring guest were using the bathroom. Going to and from our rooms were great with the low, mid and high rise elevators. We didn't have to wait for the elevators at all and stopped on every floor.I love staying at the Marriott Hotels and I guess I am spoiled staying at the Marriott Resort Hotels in San Diego and Monterey Bay which were excellent hotels with all the ammenities.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SCFunTraveler
<Content>First Class! Attended a real estate convention so elected to stay on-site.A first class hotel in every regard. Expensive, yes but you get what you pay for. Had stayed at Hotel Rex the prior weekend, rated #6 when I last looked), and that was excellent too but in a different way. See my review. Horses for courses so to speak. If I was visiting San Francisco again and wanted a full-service top end hotel would definetly consider this Marriott.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MarkH1973
<Content>Lovely hotel We stayed in the San Francisco Marriott for a long weekend in December 2005. The hotel was well located, only minutes walk from most of the attractions, and in very easy reach of the convenient public transport system.The staff at the hotel were always helpful and friendly, and knowledgeable about the local area. The staff offered help without having to be asked, for example, providing umbrellas on wet days.Food in the hotel was good and varied, between upmarket restaurants, through the sports bar, to the coffee facilities.I would definitely stay in the hotel again if I was in the area.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>johnTW16
<Content>Central Location, Good Standard We stayed at the Marriott for 4 nights at the end of January. The hotel is very well located within walking distance to the cable car turnaround and good shopping like the Virgin Megastore. The rooms were a very good size and very clean. The beds were fantastic and just what you needed after walking around all day. The only problem we had was the church bells ringing every morning waking us up but we were jet lagged anyway. We ate at the lobby restaurant and it was very nice with a piano player. This hotel is a very big convention hotel and is not for those looking for an intimate get away in a boutique hotel. Another plus for us was that we were renting a hertz car and they had a station in the lobby. The parking was expensive but then who in their right mind would want to drive around San Francisco when the public transport is so good. All in all we were very happy with our stay and had a great time.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cbctraveler
<Content>Not Bad, Great Location Nice hotel in a great location -- downtown and near many things to see and do. My husband and I stayed for one night and were disappointed that the View Bar was closed for renovations. The limited contact with the staff was good. The rooms were small - but typical by San Francisco standards. While the bed was quite comfortable and the room was clean, the room seemed a bit in need of an update (particularly compared to the Park Hyatt where we stayed several months earlier for close the same price.) Valet parking is a whopping $45 (but you're paying for convenience.) While I wouldn't pay the rack rate for this hotel, not a bad place to stay in the heart of San Francisco.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Marriot We stayed in Mariott for 5 days with two small children and it was excellent! Good, clean room with a beautiful view and good service. Great breakfast-buffet with friendly people. We loved to have a drink in the view-lounge at the 39th floor.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mrwoodz
<Content>Great Location Was only in San Francisco for 2 nights so did not spend much time in the hotel - and when in such a hurry to see as much as possible it's great to stay in such an ideal location. It's very close to transport links, and the city centre.As a further note, when I went on to Las Vegas after staying here I realised I had left my mobile phone charger in the hotel room. One phone call and they had it sent on to my Vegas Hotel right away.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bevf
<Content>Nickel and Dime Me This hotel has a gorgeous lobby and nice rooms. However, one gets the feeling they are trying to squeeze nickels and dimes out of their guests. There is no coffee pot in the room, so the only alternative for the early morning cup is to go downstairs to their expensive Starbucks coffee kiosk (and to add insult to injury, I happen to dislike Starbucks). If you want a cup before 6:30 a.m., you're just plain out of luck--other than room service--as the kiosk is not open yet. This is extremely inconvient, and although it may sound small, it really diminished the experience for us. There is no honor bar. There are no robes. All very odd for a 4-star hotel. It's those extra little touches that make the difference, and this hotel apparently isn't interested in that. In my view, the devil is in the details. I wouldn't go back.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's the location! We stayed here as part of a special christmas present for my three teenaged daughters. Here are some of the pluses. If you check the Marriott website they have specials which include parking in the hotel room costs (a $40 a day savings!). The room was nice, only a partial view but the beds were lovely and the bathroom was clean. The staff was friendly and very helpful. We live in the bay area and I wanted to stay close to the curran theatre and A.C.T. (both a easy walk). The girls loved being near union square (sephora, hm, DSW, urban outfitters, macy's, betsey johnson - you get the idea). I'd recommend the hotel to anyone coming to the city for theatre or shopping, you are close to the meteron and to muni/cable cars/bart. In the past we've stayed at hotels in union square (st francis, etc.) but the marriott room was a great deal for the money and still close to everything. I'd recommend eating at one of the hundreds of great restaurants in the city and just having coffee or drinks at the hotel (the view bar is lovely). We will probably stay here on our next after-christmas fiesta!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JIMCHI
<Content>Terrific Hotel Stayed for a night to do some shopping in San Francisco. The hotel was not crowded during Christmas week and we were able to check-in at 10a.m. The Front Office Manager was at the front desk and when we asked for a non-connecting room, he personally picked out a good one for us. Room 2640 was a corner room with a great view of Yerba Buena Gardens and Moscone Center. It was an oversized, nicely decorated room and had an extremely comfortable bed. The location was terriic, just 1/2 block from 4th and Market Streets (Nordstrom, Bloomingdales next year)and two blocks from Union Square and the major shopping area (Macy's, Saks, Beiman Marcus, etc). I highly recommend this hotel. If you do have a car, park in the 5th and Mission Garage across the street for $22 a day vs. $49 at the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LongtimeinSF
<Content>Excellent Location, Otherwise just OK I stayed in this hotel on several occasions (from seminars to just a weekend in SF for fun) - the location of the hotel is great, just couldn't be better. You're walking distance to Union Square, a lot of downtown stores and restaurants, BART (which incidently takes you straight to SFO), Metrion, etc.; As far as food, we found it to be average, a bit overpriced (for a plain meal of steak  mashed potatoes or basic breakfast items), there're much better dining establishments in SF, so dinner at the Marriott is not worth your time; The rooms were a bit old, but overall quite large and comfortable, everything was in working order and functional; the showers were a bit small, but clean and in working order. If you'r in town for a few days I would certainly recommend this hotel (much better then other Marriott properties in the city), it could get a bit pricey, but you're getting quality for your $$..if you want true luxury, opt for the brand new St Regis, Fairmont, PanPacific, etc.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NWood_Traveller
<Content>Best hotel in town !! My partner and I spent a week in San Fran at the Marriott, I have stayed in the city many times before at the Hilton, Crowne Plaza, The Mosser to name a few, but this really is the best hotel experience in town and centrally located, just a stone's throw from Union Square. Extremely courteous staff from the moment you check-in, very welcoming after a long and eventful flight from the UK (with emergency landing in Iceland!). We were upgraded to a suite with excellent city view and very well appointed accommodation for such a HUGE hotel. Very comfortable beds, sofas, spotless bathroom and very attentive housekeeping staff. Top floor bar has awesome city views and worth the trip in the elevator although the drink prices are steep. Shops shops and more shops, if you want a well-located venue for a city stay and indulge in retail therapy, this is the hotel for you. Also convenient for Market Street, the trolley to Fisherman's Wharf or towards Embarcadero, the nightlife of SoMa and nowhere that far by taxi - and no fewer than 4 Starbucks in short walking distance, including one in the lobby! There is a huge multistory carpark just across the road for those with rental vehicles and excellent dining spots all around - we liked the 24hr Mason Cafe on Mason St, 5 mins walk from the hotel and also Cheesecake Factory atop Macy's Union Square. We will definitely be returning to the Marriott for our next stay in San Francisco :-)  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, Great location My 13-year old daughter and I spent several nights in San Francisco. I decided to spend a few nights in different hotels to get a different perspective of the city. We stayed in the San Francisco Marriott on a Saturday night as I found a great rate through AAA. From the moment we drove to the front entrance, we experienced great service. Check-in was pleasant and easy, as they allowed an early check-in of 1 p.m. We requested a high-level room, away from the church as an earlier reviewer advised. I also advise staying in a room away from the church, as the bells are amazingly loud! We had a very quiet room, but the elevators could be heard zipping up and down until about midnight and resumed at about 6 a.m. It wasn't terribly loud, but it could be heard. This hotel has an amazing gym- three different work-out rooms. We were quite pleased, and they were open 24-hours a day! The only thing I found strange, was the fact that the room did not have a coffee maker or a mini-bar. It did not pose a problem, as a vending machine was on every floor, and room service was reasonably priced and extremely quick. The hotel was located near Union Square and SoMa. It was an easy walk to Chinatown(my daughter's favorite part of the trip.) I recommend visiting the chinese bakery on Grant Street as they serve freah-out of the oven rolls, almond cookies and various other traditional pasteries. We waited in a long line that stretched out down the block, but it was worth it! We also ate at a Chinese restaurant near the bakery that was delicious- but the service was terrible. We were defintiely being ignored for some reason, but the fresh dumplings and spring rolls were quite good. This hotel is also right near the Powell Street BART.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>54travelgirl
<Content>Honeymoon Bliss My fiancee and I decided to get married at City Hall in our favorite city in the world - San Francisco. Our stay at the SF Marriott proved to be a perfect decision as the location and staff were all top-rate. The room was spacious, the bed complete with down comforter so comfortable we'd like to buy it and the view from our corner room was spectacular both day and night. In particular, the concierge - Jeff Clavin, went above and beyond to make sure our honeymoon was perfect. He arranged for a florist to deliver my bouquet, sent champagne and chocolates on his own accord as a surprise to our room on our wedding day and suggested restaurants we might enjoy for a special night out. Even the maid service respected our privacy and ensured we would be left alone unless needed. The entire staff heard about our upcoming wedding and we received congratulations from employees we hadn't even met. We would definitely stay there again and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>davidmeyer
<Content>I left my heart in San Francisco at the Marriott I travel to San Francisco two or three times each year on business. The Marriott has become my favorite place to stay. The rooms and hallways have been recently renovated and they are magnificant for a chain hotel. The beds are comfortable, the rooms and bathrooms are clean, and the staff is first-rate. The pool and Fitness Center is fantastic.The lounge on the 39th Floor gives a beautiful view of the entire Bay area, and is unlike any other that I have visited since Windows on the World in New York. They have a wonderful wine selection, and a wait staff that remembers you (not sure if that is a good thing or not). It makes business travel a pleasure to have a place like this to visit.The location of the hotel is absolutely perfect as you are close to great restaurants (Lu Lu's is HIGHLY recommended...two blocks away), the Moscone Center and China Town.I highly recommend this hotel to ANYONE...it will meet all tastes and styles.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelbysue
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed for three nights and couldn't have been happier. The staff were very kind and helpful from the moment we walked in. Rooms were larger than typical SF hotels, and slept soundly every night. Close to cable car, and muni busses, plus mega shopping. We were on the 29th floor with a nice view, and very pleased with our room.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Service and Nice Rooms Staff was SO helpful and nice. We had a pleasant experience. Rooms were nice and atmosphere was comfortable. The only thing I wasn't completely satisfied with was the bed. Since I am use to sleeping on a pretty firm mattress at home this bed was not comfortable because it wasn't firm.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sawasdee12
<Content>A conventioneer's delight Third stay her, each time for a few days, well managed, rooms larger and nicely furnished, better and bigger bathrooms than average, not intimate or boutique or romantic but a solid choice and convenient to everything including great shopping and restaurants,also excellent for BART transport, but try the Palace and the Argent in the same area if you want less of a chain choice, excellent concierge desk people, couples and singles could feel pushed out by the convention crowds but a good choice overall.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>eos_domestic_goddess
<Content>Close to Union Square We needed a getaway for one night, and got a deal on this through Priceline. We usually stay on Union Square, but this was only 2 blocks from there and the cable cars, and around the corner from Nordstroms. We wanted an early check in, and got it. Our room was very comfortable and clean, with not much of a view, but for one night, we weren't in it long enough to care. My husband avoided their parking fee of $46, and used the public lot at 5th and Mission for $22. There are no in and out priveleges, but once parked, we walked or rode the cable cars. We would probably stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Highway1Star
<Content>Easy In and Out I stayed with my family for three nights and we loved the service. We arrived at the valet parking and were promptly met, our luggage was taken by a porter and we were escorted to the front desk and then to our room. A very nice start to our stay. The room was large and comfortable. I found the restaurant had a good menu selection and the waitstaff were attentive. I was on the east side of the building on the 9th floor which faced St. Mary's church. The first morning we all scrambled out of bed at 7:30 when the church bells began to ring. If you like to sleep late, do not have a view of the church. My ears are still ringing. I will warn you too about the valet parking. At peak times you may find yourself waiting 20 or 30 minutes to enter the hotel. But anytime you are traveling in SF, it is better to leave the car at home.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GaerielSky
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed here on business in the beginning of August 2005 and had a fabulous time. Friendly staff and a great location. Nice sized room and comfy bed. Would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dannma
<Content>Excellent Hotel We spent a long time trying to find a decent hotel at the right price in SF. Eventually we settled on The Marriott and were not disappointed. The rooms were of ample size although I would suggest asking for high rise room. The indoor pool was a good size and nice and warm although we could find no changing rooms. On our last day we experienced a very enjoyable breakfast in the hotel. Yes it is a little expensive but is well worth it. If you do not require in house breakfast there are a couple of diners round the corner especially Loris and Dennys. Next to the hotel is a large multiscreen cinema and Sony centre which if you have teenagers with you they will thoroughly enjoy. Union Square is a 5 minute walk away and there are many shops in close proximity. The Tram buses to Fishermans Wharf are 2 minutes away and the cable cars are about 5 minutes. A word of caution was that there was no internet computer in the lobby therefore we had to hunt for an internet cafe which was 10 to 15 mins away. At night it can be easy to get lost and as you move away from the centre the area becomes a little dangerous to be around. Several people had mentioned this to us and during our stay in California we found more beggars on SF than any we visited. In summary the hotel was excellent with great views from the top floor at night. We spent 4 nights there and would certainly return to visit a number of places we ran out of time to see.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mtndew837
<Content>Perfect Location We enjoyed our stay at the Marriott. The concierge staff was very friendly and helpful with questions about how to use transportation, etc. It seemed we were just a few steps away from any of the transportation options we needed. The room was comfortable, especially thanks to the down comforter and thermostat in the room. The View Lounge has really nice views of the city.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Renovation The SF Downtown Marriott was changed for the better. Newly remodeled, and quite comfortable. My husband and I were walked to this property after being told that the Renaissance Stanford Court was overbooked for the night. We were furious and had little confidence that the downtown Marriott would suit our needs as I did not remember it for being a tourist friendly property. We were proven wrong right away. The hotel is surprisingly quiet, roomy, and very comfortable. I would highly recommend for future stays.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent if it was not for the parking Like the previous writer I found the parking charges outrageous. Luckily I had read about this on trip advisor before we left. We parked at the fifth and mission garage, it is on the opposite corner - enter on mission between fifth and fourth from the direction of fifth. It is only $22 per day with no in and out privileges. It is a city parking garage, you can find details of all of the city garages on the city website. We were passing through so we needed the car, but you really do not need a car in sf, the public transport is good and you can buy a muni pass for one, three or five days. As for the hotel, I thought it was great. Our room was a decent size, looked newly refurbished and was immaculately clean. It had everything we needed. We had breakfast in the hotel one morning which was good but a bit steep at $18 each. The main thing about the hotel is that is central, just off market and two minutes from union square, so that everything is really is easy to access. I am sure you could probably get good deals on other sites but we booked on marriott.com and paid $119 per night and thought we got value for money.The staff at the hotel were all friendly and helpful; in particular two of the concierge staff who helped us get set up with city tours. If you want to go to Alcatraz book before you leave. I tried to but there was a problem with the booking system. When I got there all the tickets were booked and we missed out. We could have stood in the standby queue but I heard that you can stand for up to seven hours.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Big hotel but personal service At first sight, this hotel seems like another big convention hotel (and there were several conventions there during our stay). But the service is very personal - all the staff are very friendly (special mention for Margaret at the concierge desk - great tour and restaurant recommendations, and how did she remember my (full) name when she deals with hundreds of people each day??!!).The buffet breakfast is great if you can eat that much in the morning (if you can, it will keep you going until dinner); if not, there is a Starbucks in the lobby. We had a room on the 28th floor with great views of Twin Peaks. The room itself was very large, very clean and comfortable. The hotel is located more or less at the junction of Stockton (leading to Union Square) and Market (a major (the main?) shopping street), so we had no complaints about location. Overall, 10 out of 10.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Don't park here Don't park your car at the hotel because they charge $46.00/day to park your car. And you have no in or out ability. That's outrageous!!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Lalo_de_Mexico
<Content>Not a problem but a solution My wife and enjoyed this hotel in July 2005. We had no problems with dirty windows, staff, or any of the other things described by others here. The beauty, however, was not the hotel but the location and easy access to public transportation. You can go anywhere in San Francisco from here without a problem, and many interesting places are an easy walk from here.Having a pool and spa were important to us. Both were superb in this hotel.Restaurants were lacking - deserted - but we never wanted to eat there. Why eat in the hotel when you are in San Francisco?  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelLovinMan
<Content>Nice Rooms, Very Busy Location... The San Francisco Marriott has nice large rooms that have been updated (well probably several years ago). Found this and the lower rate to be the only good things about the property. The hotel is in a horribly busy area (if staying in a 'Times Square' type location is your thing, you're in for a treat. If you want something quiet, go to a hotel on Nob Hill). The hotel lobby is large and has the typical Marriott can't-decide-what-I-want-to-look-like-so-I'll-pick-one-of-everything look. 'Flee' is what is says to me. Stay here only if you get a very good deal -- too many other options in SF to consider.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iluvcoconut
<Content>nice lobby, shabby room This hotel was recently renovated. It has the prime location (market and 4th), beautifully decor throughout the lobby and 2nd floor, and spacious meeting facilities that attract many corporate accounts. The staff is nice, helpful and friendly. The problem is that the rooms are not what I'd expect of a 4-star hotel. I stayed in the high-rise tower on the 26th floor. Contrary to popular belief, there wasn't really a good view. I can see other highrises and a mere glimpse of the pacific ocean (literally a glimpse if you have good eyesight and try very hard). The bed linen has a hole and looks worn out. There is no minibar nor coffee maker in the room. In short, you'll probably get a great ocean view if you stay at the Holiday Inn close to China town (I had a breathtaking full ocean view from my room) or Holiday Inn Golden Gateway. And you'll probably get a nicer room and more comfy bed if you stay at Westin or Sofitel.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Shorthand
<Content>Concierge staff superb I recently spent three nights at the Marriott that was part of a tour. We arrived earlier to spend some time with my daughter who lives in San Francisco. First, I agree with many reviewers that the windows are dirty but I found this to be common in many hotels. We were on the street side so there was a constant noise even in the early hours and an annoying sound at night.However, the hotel is very hospitable and the concierge staff great. They had wonderful recommendations and kudos to Jeff Clavin and his staff. They seemd to be constantly on duty even in the early morning hours. They had some good tips about local transportation. The Marriott is in a great location. Take the bus almost anywhere for $1.25. If you want a cable car ride, ride early in the morning or you might have to wait a really long time. We took the cable car to Alcatraz at Fisherman's Wharf and had no problem at 7:30 in the morning. Buy your tickets on line to Alcatraz before or you might be disappointed. We went on a Saturday and the next available ticket was Tuesday. However, there is a standby line with no guarantees, but all the people in the stand by line were able to get on the boat to the island.The breakfast buffet at the Marriott was superb, and the beds were very comfortable. The lobby is very lovely and the staff at the front desk also was very accommodating. All and all, my staff at the Marriott was very good and I would not hesitate to return.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>slowolf
<Content>Nice Stay at the Marriot Stayed here on a Saturday night after attending a SF Giants game at SBC Park. The hotel staff was very pleasant and accomodating. We arrived early at 10:30 AM. Thought by chance they may have a room available which they did and cheerfully checked us in. Parking at the hotel using the valet parking is $45 per night. The front desk staff made the suggestion that we park across the street from the hotel at the public garage for about $20 per night which we did. They have 24 hour security patrol there. We were able to walk to SBC park for the 1:00 game time. It's about a mile away.The room on the 28th floor was very nice, quiet and comfortable with a great view althought the window was a little dirty. The bed was very comfortable too. The view lounge at the top was very nice, and the atrium lounge was very comfortable with the sofas and overstuffed chairs.A short walk to union square and shopping galore made this hotel an excellent pick. We would most definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very tired, definitely past its prime During my last trip to San Francisco I stayed at beside this Marriott at IC Mark Hopkins and Hotel Palomar. All these properties are classified as ****.I will definitely return to Mark Hopkings and probably to Palomar as well but not to Marriott. The tired room I got was worse than those of Residence Inn's.Also the rooms on the lower level suffer from the noise that comes from the hotel's air condition units. The TC reception was really bad and I had to get technician to have a look at it but they couldn't get it fixed. Sometimes MSNBC, CNN, and other channels were unwatchable.This is 2.5* property at best based on the room I got.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location and facilities; look for bargains Stayed 3 nights at the Marriott after getting a deal ($101 a night) on Priceline. This enormous hotel has a good location, within walking distance of the convention center, business district, trolley, buses, and square; and if you are fit for an uphill trek of a few minutes, Chinatown.Beware that parking at the hotel is hideously expensive ($40 a night), so if you must bring a car, I suggest you find an alternative place to park (there is a large garage a block or two away). Also, traffic in the area is terrible. Best bet: avoid bringing a car.The rooms are recently refurbished, and the furnishings are fairly pretty. Everything is of middle to very good quality. Unfortunately, the windows were embarrassingly filthy on the outside.The top-floor bar has a spectacular view and acceptable (for a hotel) prices. The indoor pool is large enough, and the exercise room is well equipped. I didn't use the hotel's food service, because many eateries are within walking distance, and Chinatown (yum) is nearby.Service is ok but entirely impersonal due to the hotel's enormous size. If you are paying over $150 a night, don't stay here. But if you can get a room here for around $100 a night, I think you'll feel you got a good value for your money -- parking excluded.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirty windows Our 14th floor non-smoking room was poorly laid out. I had to stand on the desk to open and close the windows properly (needed to air out the room, which smelled stale upon arrival). The exterior windows were filthy - covered with black grime and soot. These were the dirtiest windows I can ever recall in any hotel I've stayed in on five continents.Windows in the View lounge are spotless, so why can't guests who don't pay for over priced drinks get a good look at San Francisco from this hotel?  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>skiandboard
<Content>Overpriced for what we got. Just got back from staying at this hotel and I was not impressed. My husband had a convention to attend so my son and I went along. We got in a night early and stayed at the Saint Francis (great experience), then transferred to the Marriott as that was one of the convention hotels. The room was priced at $249 plus tax and it was not worth it. The room is a typial business traveller's hotel, very little luxeries. There were no bathrobes in the room, internet was $12.95 a day, and found pennies under the bed. The room was extremely small, we had a crib brought in for my son and it was difficult to get around the crib, when we wanted to move the stroller into the room we had to move the crib around then wheel the stroller and then move the crib back, In addition, the crib had no bumper pads (all other cribs we have gotten at hotels have had bumper pads) and is rather small, so when he would roll over he would bang his hand on the metal bars. After the first night we had him sleep in the bed with us. The location is good for Moscone and the BART, but it is a couple of blocks from Union Square. I think there are much better hotels in San Francsico, especially if you are being booked in at $249 a night. If you can get a room from Priceline for $100 may be worth it.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average Business Hotel making hay while the sun shines during large convention Stayed at this hotel during February for a very large convention. The Hotel was like the average business hotel. The rooms were functional, though not great. Some of the pricing for services are absolutely ridiculous though. Examples: Parking with tax in excess of $43.00 per night. Stocking a hospitality suite by the banquetting department set you back about $6.00 per can/bottle of soft drink, small bottled water, etc. A large pot of coffee by the time tax, service charge and delivery charges were all added was approaching $100.00. No credit is given for unused soft drinks and water, so in theory, they are resold at those prices several times.On a positive note, the concierge department was very efficient, making last minute reservations for dinner and activities for groups for me. They were also friendly. My recomendation is to stay at this Hotel if you have to, but go somewhere else if you can. They have many options in the area, including other Marriott brands, the Four Seasons Hotel, etc.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rude Staff I would not recommend staying at this hotel. We had a couple of minor problems during our stay, that turned into much larger problems because the hotel staff was very rude. I don鈥檛 think I have ever been treated with less respect at any hotel I have stayed in. If you do stay here, make sure to ask for a written confirmation of the room rate at check in. Hotel policy appears to be that they don鈥檛 mention the rate until check out, and by the scene at the front desk the day we checked out, the rate people thought they were paying was sometimes different than the rate they got charged. The rooms are pretty standard, the room service food was poor, and almost every staff member we dealt with was less than friendly.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>bradowpc
<Content>Good Pick On the plus side: Great location, very friendly staff, and breathtaking views make this hotel a good choice for both business and pleasure. Impressive lobby and clean rooms. Check out the View lounge on the top floor for a drink with an impressive view of the city after dark. Negatives: Beds are stiff and uncomfortable and badly need to be updated to compete with Sheraton, Westin, etc. My room lacked a coffee maker (coffee bar in lobby is probably the reason) and had no minibar.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>norcalbackpacker
<Content>great location Stayed at this hotel for the first time. The location is ideal. The hotel is across the street from the Metreon, and Union Square is a quick 5 minute walk. The hotel has a corporate feel to it. The front desk person was somewhat surley, but he did grant our request for a room with 2 double beds on an upper floor. The bar on the 39th floor has incredible views, and allows children which was a plus for us. The room was a nice size, and the bathroom was wonderful. We did not hear any noise outside our hotel room at all. The parking is outrageously priced as reported by others, but because of the convenient location, we did not have to take taxis, even for an evening performance at the Curran theatre. Two beefs, no honor bar, and no coffee/maker in the room.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SWelch2004
<Content>Very good for a MarriotT I was pleasantly suprised by this Marriott. The rooms are good sized for a downtown hotel and look as if they have been updated quite recently. The location is very convenient if not all that scenic.The housekeeping staff were among the best trained I've seen - efficient and incredibly friendly and helpful.My one complaint is that there was no minibar in the room and not even an ice bucket.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>thenick
<Content>A good all-round hotel Just returned from a long weekend in San Francisco. Found the hotel to be a good choice for those keen to be staying somewhere central (close to Union Square, Cable Car turn around, shopping, restaurants etc) and in a hotel which offers a good standard of accomodation and facilities. Excellent pool, spa tub and gym (cardio and weight rooms). In-hotel dining good (buffet breakfast will sort you out for treking around San Francisco). No major negatives. A good hotel for short breaks. Given that the SF Marriott serves mainly as a business hotel and therefore is slightly corporate and inpersonal you probably wouldn't choose to stay here for a long period of time. However, I think it is a good pick overall as SF hotels go. Just for comparison, I was recommended to stay close to the Fisherman's Wharf area. Glad I didn't in the end. It's interesting enough a place to visit, to catch the ferry over to Alcatraz and try out some of the seafood restaurants but with its illuminated sea front strip, numerous souvenir shops and fast food restaurants, it is a little tacky and for me personally, doesn't really capture what San Fran is all about. As it is only a short cable car or taxi ride from the SF Marriott / centre you can get down there easily enough anyway as and when you need to. Hope this helps. Enjoy San Fran....  
<Date>Oct 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great mid-range stay I just returned from a 5 night stay at the SF Marriott. Here are my thoughts:Location:Pro:The location worked out well. We walked to SBC park (get the garlic fries) and union square. If you are so-inclined you can walk many other places, union square (very close), china-town (pretty close), and north beach (not as close). The walks can be tough, given all of the hills. If you dont want to walk you can take the F-line street car to fishermans wharf/embarcadero for $1.25. Most cab rides to local attractions atr 6-10 dollars. Market street is a 5 min walk, and from there you can get a cable car ($3) or the MUNI( $1.25).Con:If you want to walk to a lot of nightlife you wont be able to do it here, at least that I was able to find.Rooms: Pro:The rooms were clean, and served their purpose. There was a lot to see in SF, so I was only in the room at night for sleep. The staff was always helpful, and the rooms cleaned well. I didnt have the problem with noise that others experienced.Cons:It was a long walk from the elevator to my room, I guess this is due to the large size of the hotel. I was on the 8th floor and there is a lot of street noise. I think there is a nearby firestation that uses 4th street, so I was woken at least once on most nights by fire engines. Dining:As you would expect in-hotel dining is pricey, and I did not eat much in the hotel. The view bar is a worth a stop for some drinks. The breakfast buffet was good and quick. Mels diner is a block away and has great breakfast - although probably not as healthy as the buffet). The attached sports bar is a great place to grab a beer. The conceirge had great recomendations (Trattoria contadina is a great find - need reservations).Strike:The Marriott was not on strike when I was there.All in all it turned out to be a good value. I payed a bit less than 100 a night through an expedia fare. It may not be as ornate as some of the higher-end hotels around town, but I was happy, and it left a lot more money in my pocket for exploring the city.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>five days We recently spent five days in the hotel, my two children and I, aged 18 and 12. The staff were very friendly and helpful and assisted at all times. The concierge arranged to get some football tickets for the Falcons game and the seats she got were good. We ate out most of the time as the hotel was very busy with convention folk. Across the street, Annabelle's Bar and Bistro, had a good atmosphere at the weekend and the food was really good, the early evening menu having a good choice and being well priced. A late evening beer for me yielded some good conversations with friendly locals and out of towners like myself.The hotel rooms were ok and well cleaned but not inspiring. The views from the top floor were great and worth a look. The staff though I could not fault and that goes a long long way.The location of the hotel was excellent and we took the BART in from SFO airport which was less than $5 each and it dropped us virtually on the doorstep. The five days were well spent and the hotel was a good base. At night there was lots going on around the hotel area but we never felt the least bit threatened or intimidated. The museum of modern art was fabulous and only a couple of minutes walk, the kids loved it, as did I.The city itself was a real treat and the weather was fantastic. We did the usual things such as Alcatraz and the Golden Gate Bridge and these lived up to reputation. The local shopping was really good and my twelve year old daughter made the most of it. In addition my wife, who stayed at home, gained a nice watch as a present when we got home.We'll go back and certainly consider the hotel as our first choice. It was a really good location. Incidentally we got a great deal off Expedia UK at about $99 US per night for a room. All in all a winner.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing This hotel has a rather impersonal feel to it. It's like staying in an enormous dormitory.I expected noise from the street, but I couldn't believe it when I could also hear half of the conversations from the room next door. I ate at the Garden Terrace restaurant - the service was almost nonexistent. Expect to pay about $10 for a bowl of cereal and a bagel.If you're in San Francisco on business and someone else is paying for the room, then it's probably alright. But for $180 per night, I expected a much nicer experience. I could have stayed at the Best Western for half of that price, and I probably would have been just as happy, if not happier.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better bring ear muffs Very nice hotel with many features. It does function as a convention hotel. But the rooms! They are small and the hotel floors are huge. It took me a good minute walk just to get to the elevator. And the worst is the noise! You can hear everything from the people next door to anyone in the hallway. And of course forget about sleeping in as it being a convention hotel you hear the water running in the adjacent room early in the morning when it is shower time.The location is great, right next to Union Station and next to the city's transporation systems. But I am sure there are better hotels that can muffle the noise.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel but pricy parking Awesome hotel. Got a room on priceline for $100 in the middle of August. This is a gorgeous hotel. But beware, the valet parking for your car is an outrageous $45  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Marriott We had a great experience while staying at the San Francisco Marriott. The location is awesome! The rooms beautifully decorated and the bedding so cozy. The beds were just a little too small (my husband is 6'3 and am 5 ft. and we were a little too close for sleeping in the double beds it was hard to move, they are just a tad bit small, I'd prefer the queen size). They have Starbucks coffee downstairs and it is easy to get anywhere in the city. Public transportation, great restaurants and entertainment is all at your disposal and all within blocks. The service was good. The View Bar upstairs had an awesome view of the entire city. My only complaint was the price of the drinks were high. The fitness center was excellent and it had a great equipment, a wonderful pool and spa. We truly enjoyed our stay at this great facility and would definetly come back again.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I fell in love with it Booking a vacation through Expedia I got the San Francisco Marriot, I didn't expect then what I discovered in arriving. This hotel is EXCELLENT but, on top of that, its location is AWESOME, we were able to go walking only a short distance to almost every place we wanted to visit and to the public transportation we needed for the rest. By the way, SF public transportation is the best I've seen. If you're in a hurry to go somewhere early in the morning, Mel's Diner just around the corner of Mission and 5th, very efficient staff and ecellent food, is the place for you.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They say taupe is very soothing. I stayed here using Marriott Rewards points and reserved a basic room. Upon check-in I was upgraded to an 鈥淓xecutive King鈥?so the room was noticeably larger than a typical room.Overall, this is a perfectly nice hotel to stay in but you can never escape the feeling that this is a big chain hotel and that it caters primarily to business travelers. While it clean and modern it is also somewhat bland, as if they are trying to appeal to a very wide audience and don't want to offend anyone. The colors never stray far from neutral. Lobby: The lobby is attractive although nondescript. In fact, I really don't remember the decor at all. Almost one entire wall is a desk for check-in. Elevators are in the rear and are divided into low, medium, and high-rise banks thus waits are minimal. In the middle are escalators to the atrium, which houses various, drinking and dining establishments. Room: Due to an upgrade, our midrise room was enormous and appeared to be very recently renovated. Everything looked (and smelled) brand new. The decor was less bland than the rest of the hotel. It can be best described as corporate. The colors were subdued but you definitely got the impression that the room was designed by someone with ability. Furniture, wall coverings, bedding, etc. complemented each other well. The room was L shaped and divided into sitting and sleeping areas. The sitting area consisted of two couches and a coffee table arranged before a large cabinet that housed a large television. To the side was a wet bar consisting of a sink over a small empty refrigerator (not a minibar). The bedroom area consisted of a very comfortable king bed and another large television. Linens and blankets appeared new. In between the two areas were a large dresser and a desk with phone and data ports for Internet. The closet was of decent size. The bathroom was slightly larger than a typical hotel bathroom but did not have a separate toilet and sink areas, which would have been appreciated. There was a full length mirror outside of the bathroom. Rooms have cable TV, hair dryer, iron and ironing board. For a fee, there is high speed Internet and there are packages of Internet and unlimited calls. Service: The service reflected a typical large chain hotel. The employees give the impression that this is just a job to them. They don鈥檛 seem to have chosen the hospitality business. For example, doormen helped us out of our cab and unload our luggage. He directed us inside to check in and told us when we were done our luggage would be inside by the desk and we could give them our room number so it could brought up to our room. While we were waiting on line we could see out the doors and could see that our luggage was sitting on the sidewalk unattended. Minutes went by. Finally, one of us went outside and asked to have the bags brought in. The doorman told us he forgot about our bags. The Marriott is not in a bad part of town but San Francisco does have its share of the seedier element and I easily could imagine one or more bags being stolen. Another example is the concierge desk. Several employees at the concierge desk directed us to neighborhood establishments for quick meals and they seemed to immediately grasp what we were looking for. But when we made what we thought was a simple request for a few plastic cups for a champagne toast for our own wedding in Golden Gate Park we were told to go ask the restaurant staff or go to Walgreen鈥檚. First, in a hotel this size with huge conference facilities there must have been plastic cups somewhere. Second, it should not have been our job to track down the right person to ask. I can understand if the concierge doesn鈥檛 know the answer to every question but they should know someone who does. It felt like any effort beyond dispensing information was too much. Pool and Fitness Center: The hotel has a decent size fitness center on the fourth floor with treadmills, stationary bikes, and Nautilus. There are plenty of televisions to help you pass the time during your workout. There are beverages for sale near the desk at the entrance. The locker rooms, also on the fourth floor, have sauna and steam rooms (single sex). Be aware that there is a $5 charge to use a locker. As with the guest rooms, everything was clean and well maintained. Towels were provided. A nice touch was the cloths in ice water outside of the sauna and steam room. One flight up is the 15-meter pool and a large hot tub. There is access to an outdoor seating area for sun bathing. Dining and Drinking: There is a restaurant in the atrium, the Garden Terrace, as well as a bar, The Atrium. We did not visit either establishment. There is a bar on the 39th floor of the hotel called the View, which we did visit. Again, this is a typical large city hotel bar. It was crowded and not terribly pleasant. The bland d茅cor extended up here as well. There was live music that was entirely too loud and not very good. I may be getting older but there is a time and a place for loud music that requires you to scream to be heard. It seems out of place here since everything else seems geared to the business traveler. The view is not terribly good either. From one side you see just the low-rise buildings (or their lights) of SoMa and the Mission. On the other side you can see some of the financial district. The problem is that the seating in the corners lacks large windows. The enormous arched windows you can see at the top of the building from outside are in the middle of the building. Because of the way the building is situated these views do not point in the most picturesque direction. Oh well. It was so crowded that getting near the windows was near impossible anyway. San Francisco has so many great restaurants I suggest you get out and explore. If you need a quick breakfast there is a Mel's Diner on Mission Street between Fourth and Fifth Streets. Other: The main entrance is on Fourth Street, just south of Market Street so it is convenient to the Moscone Center, SFMoMA, etc. It is about 3 blocks south of Union Square so it is within easy walking distance of the Union Square shopping district as well as the Financial District. There is an entrance to the Powell Street BART station at the corner of Fourth and Market. There is a large multiplex movie theater in the Metreon one block south of the hotel (Mission and Fourth Streets). There is also a Hertz car rental at the hotel and there is parking in a garage under the hotel.   
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing special Staff was very accommodating and friendly. Rooms clean but VERY small  non descript considering this hotels rating  price. About 1 blk to San Francisco shopping center and close (by close I mean within 3-4 blocks) to the theater and cable cars. Parking is $43.00 (incl tax  unlimited in  out privileges) per day. Lot across street is $20 a day (no tax) but in  out privileges at additional cost. Every concierge employee (6) recommended the same restaurant. I suspect the hotel is being paid to recommend it. It was not good. I have stayed at lower rated hotels in the city at a lower cost. They had larger rooms that were much nicer. We would not stay there again.  
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pir8guy
<Content>Good choice We got a fabulous deal thru Priceline. Sure, if I was going to pay over $200 there would be other choices, but for $60 we were thrilled. Very nice, large rooms with VERY comfortable beds. We had a 28th floor room with a nice view. The public areas are very nice. There's a small Starbucks coffee stand in the lobby with was handy.The location is good, about a 2-3 minute walk to the cable car turn around at the bottom of Powell.The Meteron is right behind the hotel, as is a small park. It's a good walk to North Beach, but, hey, San Francisco is a walkin' town! Overall, very satisfied.  
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thin Walls   showReview(1729562, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very accomodating   showReview(1721450, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FLMarci
<Content>Fantastic!   showReview(1617425, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great deal for a 4-star hotel   showReview(1535322, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent service at the Marriott - a must stay hotel   showReview(1498762, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location   showReview(1399218, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>moodyblue
<Content>Great Room   showReview(1188833, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice rooms    showReview(1149880, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Big hotel that works   showReview(978171, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and bargain w/package   showReview(714959, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>baduz
<Content>Centrale,informale,di classe   showReview(20316756, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Come back for sure   showReview(19632342, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bien situ茅 mais commence 脿 vieillir un peu   showReview(19632341, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Felipe2008
<Content>Como siempre muy bueno   showReview(18214773, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien situ茅   showReview(14728672, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SandrineYvelines
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel pour les vacances ou les affaires       Lit  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈炽偣銉堛儜銉曘偐銉笺優銉炽偣...   showReview(21802474, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo   showReview(11348374, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉炪儶銈儍銉堛儧銉嗐儷銉汇偟銉炽儠銉┿兂銈枫偣銈?#x201d;   showReview(19929524, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈炽兂銉欍兂銈枫儳銉冲嚭甯伄...   showReview(19928670, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛戯紥鏈堛伀娉娿伨銇ｃ仧銇仹...   showReview(19921040, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈濆埌鐫€銇儠銉┿偆銉堛仩銇?..   showReview(19919989, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍦颁笅銇亗銈嬨偝銉炽儥銉炽偡...   showReview(19919839, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

