<Author>IVegas
<Content>Classy luxurious hotel in the Financial District Stayed for 5 nights in early Nov. as part of a Viking 17 days China Cultural Delights tour.Flown in few days early before tour began and booked this hotel since that's what Viking used for the Beijing portion. Had booked extra night first with Viking for US$200/night then added an additional through Westin direct for less. Stayed in all 5 nites on the third floor which I thought was convenient without having to spend time traveling up and down higher floors and the amenities I am very pleased.Side note, hailed taxi direct from airport cost RMB $110 for the half hour ride, much less than the airport transfer offered by Viking (US$50/pp which amounts to over RMB$700 for 2). All I needed was the hotel name and address written in Chinese for the driver (actually I spoke passable Mandarin so was able to tell driver directly where to go).Meals: eaten both breakfast buffets and dinners (thru' tour group) and coming from Vegas I can say I was really impressed by their selections and qualities. Not to mention being in Beijing their Chinese offerings is much better than those in Las Vegas buffets. The western selections is certainly a huge plus for many of the western guests in case they want food that they are familiar with.The refreshing drinks in the lobby (mint,lime  honey elixir and ginger/red date elixir) I can get addicted to every time I passed by the lobby.Room: top notch western standard. Love the rainshower, jacuzzi, comfy bed. Love the electric shade that partitioned the jacuzzi and the bedroom.Service: again what I expect from hotel of this class. The elevator person is definitely a nice touch to attend to the needs of going up and down. And that ever present smile is sure cheerful. All staffs including bellman, valet, concierge, front desk did excellent job of making guests feel welcome and hailing cab and making sure taxi driver knows where to take guest to in Mandarin.Decor: classy everywhere, lobby, restaurant, room, bar..Area: Getting to most part of Beijing was easy and inexpensive for us by taxi right out front (had one day of private tour where tourguide took us all over and cost less than RMB $150 taxi rides..) There is a nice mall across from the hotel (Lane Crawford is one of the key tenants) that one can get almost anything from. Also had walked up and down the Financial District area and found it to be very safe and pleasing. Different kinds of little restaurants and buildings to browse at.Internet: used their service in the Business center, RMB $30/15 minutes.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>saitodaniel
<Content>Had a terrible experience at the Westin Beijing Financial Street After a week long trip all throughout China my stay eventually ended at the Westin Beijing Financial Street. Tired and exhausted from my tour. I staggered into the hotel around 2AM and checked-in. The front desk staff was friendly and understanding. As an SPG Gold member, I requested that I wanted a clean and QUIET room due to the exhaustion. So the front desk staff (Andre) said that he has the quietest room available, and booked me into the room.What the front desk staff didn't tell me or warn me was that the room next to mine was under construction or maintenance. Only to be abruptly waken up early in the morning to hammering noise. Of course no warning - no notice upon checking in. They quickly changed my rooms - only to find out that the abrupt move in a half sleep state - I am still missing some of my personal effects. Would I recommend this hotel, probably not. But if you do choose to stay in this hotel, I would recommend that you double check with the hotel staff that you have a quiet room and there is no maintenance on going in the next room over. Probably my worst experience and the lack thereof of professionalism in the hospitality industry.They mentioned that this error won't happen again, but until it does happen to some unsuspecting tired customer.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	3	3	1	1	2	

<Author>allegedkay
<Content>The food is amazing We arrived after a flight from Xian and had picked up a few bites in the airports. When we got to the hotel, a huge dinner buffet was ready. It had absolutely anything anyone in our group wanted and all was top quality. Whoever had the idea to make those little chocolate olive oil desserts is a genius.The gym was well appointed and the pool was very luxurious. The sauna and wading pool and rain showers were wonderful for weary travelers. I only wish I'd had time to use the spa.Of the 5 star hotels I've stayed in, this ranks in the top three. It's a bit of a ride to most places, but if you've got someone to help you with transportation I wholly recommend it.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>-P25-
<Content>Breakfast was fantastic I went to Westin Financial before the Olympic for vacation. The hotel room is big, especially the washroom. Well decorated. Staff service is good.However there was a fire drill during the one afternoon of my stay, all lift were out of service for like half an hour and I can only take the stair down to lobby.The room service was not as expected tho the in room breakfast was great compare to Ritz Carlton one.Good sound system and you can always get a DVD player if needed.Close to Winland Building, walking distance. No chacnce to check out the swimming pool.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>paru25
<Content>Great Intoduction to China Arrived at this hotel in the early hours of the morning. We were met at the door and our bags were taken care of. Check-in was swift.Room was lovely, bathroom big by hotel standards and supplied products were adequate and of a reasonable standard.The hotel was about a 20 min. taxi ride from the Forbidden City etc. but this is not a problem because taxis are abundant and cheap.All staff were pleasant, friendly and helpful and provided ideas for our daily adventures. Some staff could not speak much English but we could always find someone that could.We ate breakfast every morning at the hotel. Breakfast buffet was superb. Plenty of varied options Western and Eastern.One evening we ate at the Italian restaurant in the hotel. This was very nice.All staff were pleasant, friendly, helpful and eager to please.Someone has already mentioned the lift guy. I would like to specially mention him as well. He always greeted us at the lift, pushed the button and ushered us into the lift. His service made us feel like royalty. He seemed to work very long hours and he was as happy and pleasant in the evening as he was in the morning. All in all a great stay and I would thoroughly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Heres_to_50
<Content>Westin Beijiing Financial Street was classy What a beautiful hotel in a beautiful city. Had complimentry breadkfast each moring which was a pleasure. I generally do not stay in such posh places but I must say this was a pleasure. Drinks are a lttle pricey in the lounge but \i guess if you can stay here then porbably you can afford the liquor. the rooms are comfy and well appointed.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Love2Travel14
<Content>Excellent Service I'm an SPG Platinum Member, meaning I've spent a lot of nights in Westins and Sheratons. That said, I've never experienced a level of service at a Starwood hotel that we just enjoyed during our 8-night, post-Olympics stay at the Westin Beijing. As it was our first trip to China and we didn't know what to expect, we booked the airport pick-up service (580 RMB, less than the price of a cab in US $ from Heathrow.) Our flight was delayed 4 hours, but there was our escort waiting for us at the gate. He led us through our stops in the airport and to our luxury car, waiting downstairs. We were greeted at the car and led up to our room, where we signed our check-in documents. I'm a huge proponent of hotel club lounges - - the convenience factor in the mornings and the chance to chat with other travelers make them worth the extra price to me - - and was delighted by the hotel's Executive Lounge. Both the breakfast buffet (6:00-10:30 am!) and happy hour line-ups were extensive - - many hot and cold, Western, European, and Asian offerings. The space itself was huge, with many seating areas and great views. It was the staff, though, that really made the lounge special. There were always at least 4 friendly attendants at all times of the day, who greeted us, helped serve us, and had conversations with us (in excellent English). Downstairs, the lobby staff was just as attentive. One guy just stood by the elevators all day, greeting people getting on and off. There was never any waiting for help from the concierge, as there were always 2-3 people at that desk. The bellmen were extremely efficient at getting us into cabs and understood all of our English requests. The Spa (definitely US-priced) staff was equally concerned with our satisfaction. Restaurants staff, ditto. Need I say more? For a hotel of this size and activity level, I've never felt as valued as a guest.While there were a few times I regretted not being closer to the action by staying at the Grand Hyatt (where I'd also booked, then cancelled), in the end I appreciated the quieter neighborhood, away from the crowds, of the Financial District. We're runners and walkers and didn't mind the trek to the Forbidden City, Wangfujing, etc. Taxis were plentiful, quick, and cheap to the farther-out places we visited. We booked tours to the Great Wall and a local hutong through the concierge.What a great stay! The staffs at two of our less-than-average recent Westin hotel stays (Boston Harborfront and Grand Berlin) should take note of the level of service and friendliness that's possible at a Westin hotel.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	-1	5	5	

<Author>marco795
<Content>Excellent stay at the Westin Beijing       Hotel room  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DAVIDLL
<Content>simply the best in beijing i have been travel to beijing many times for both business and pleasure, and i have been staying almost every single beijing 5 star hotels from the ritz carlton to the grand hyatt. and i have to say this westin hotel at westside of beijing is simple the best. it's no aout the way this hotel look(all new hotels in beijing are stunning) and where it located it.( and to be honest, for anyone who knows beijing this location of the hotel is not bad at all), it's the people. and this is the only hotel in beijing i felt i been taking care of. beijingner usually don't have the idea how to serve guest, it's not in their blood. but the way westin train their stuff is turely something else... very impressive.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>kristymewett25
<Content>Beautiful !! :) I stayed here a year ago and know that my write up has been delayed its been on my list though! After spending 18months working and living in Lanzhou I decided it was time to treat myself before returning back to Australia, I stayed at the Westin for five days and found it amazing!! Every-thing was beautiful the showers and the pillows, the staff were always helpful and let me know all the great places to visit.The gym was up to date and the pool was nice, I found every-thing just awesome! It was so luxurious and I thought for $100. dollars a night for an apartment room I couldn't of done much better! I tell every-one about it and can't wait for my next trip to China just so I can stay at the Westin!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>phillysilver
<Content>Clean and classy Fantastic stay for the Olympics. The rooms are very clean and modern, comfortable beds, great bathtub with a window that overlooks the room. Pillows could be squishier. Service was great. Workout room was nice and clean. Near quite a bit via short taxi rides. The area itself is pretty sterile and obviously built for the Olympics. The spa charges American prices for massages. You can go to a nearby spa for a high end treatment for a third of the price.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>misshellokitty
<Content>Very impressed! ROOM:SInce I am a spg member, I tend to stay in Sheraton/Westin chains wherever I go and the Beijing Westin is now at the top of my list. Since this hotel is only a couple years old, everything is gorgeous from the cherry wood panelling to the marble walls in the bathroom. We initially stayed in a regular room and then upgraded to an executive suite- both of which are excellent except you get a bigger room and bathroom and a walk in closet. Really liked the modern design of the bathroom as the shower stall was separate from the bathtub and the shower head/stream came straight from the ceiling! SERVICE: The service was impeccable. Everyone spoke some English and whenever you were in the common areas, you were greeted and acknowledged by the staff. Extremely attentive..maybe because of the upcoming olympics? FOOD:Tried the buffet breakfast which was 35US- Surprisingly the chinese food was not the best (dim sum was very dry!) but the western cuisine was just like at home. Truthfully, in Beijing 35US can get you a 3 full meals with drinks worth of good restaurant food elsewhere but it's not too easy to find western breakfast in that area.VICINITY: the hotel is in the financial district and although it appears close to tiennamen square- it is NOT within walking distance. A taxi ride is about 10-15 min away depending on traffic but taxis are dirt cheap ($4US) for that trip one way. The subway is about a 15min. walk from the Westin and definately a good alternative if u want to do as the locals do. Across the street is a luxury mall with all the big brand names like Louis Vuitton etc-not much that is affordable here. Also in the area is your local Starbucks/Blenz coffee and some local fast food chains which are great for foreigners because their menus have pictures.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>naughtyjean
<Content>Wonderful Stay I have stayed in the Westin Beijing last month together with my boyfriend. As I am a SPG gold card member and the hotel is running full, they have upgraded me the renewal room. The room is really spacious and stylish. The bathroom was the best and with glass window overseeing the district. The receptionist mentioned to us that the renewal room come together with complimentary 鈥渂athologist鈥? then we decided to give a try on the second day. After a long day tour, we were exhausted and just remember that the 鈥渂athologist鈥?was ordered for the time. The bathtub was set up with the right temperature of warm water and with floating flower leaves. Really nice to relaxe in the tub with the jade mask and the tailor make nice cold drink. The hotel is very convenient located in the center of the city though not that close to the forbidden city, and other tourist attractions. However, with taxis everywhere is not that far. We have been to Beijing before on business trips and also leisure tours, so the tourist attractions are not really our target this time anyway. We love to go to the 鈥淗ou Hai鈥?(bar area) for drinks and just walk around in the lake makes us feel so good. It is just 10 mins by taxi away from the hotel. Definitely a good choice for us this time and we would recommend it to our friends.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>yu_anthony
<Content>So surprise that this is a Westin If it ain't the Westin, I wouldn't have written this. But, I would expect a bit more with a brand like the Westin.When I checked in, things were good. However, I noticed someone next to me wanting to change local money. Gosh, the reaction from the receptionist was unthinkable. She just brush the guest aside saying that there were too many guests checking in and they were busy.This morning, after an late (early) night checking out the nightspots, I was soundly asleep when the attendants just knocked and entered my room. Ok, so I forgotten to put the privacy sign on, shouldn't they be a little bit sensitive? Knock and enter! First time anywhere.I have a lot of sensitive business documents. I didn't really sleep much. So when I left the hotel I made sure I had the privacy sign on. Imagine me coming back with a bed well made up. These people do not care anything about what their customers want.Oh, also, when I left the hotel this afternoon, I tried my luck to change local money again. Same receptionist as per yesterday. She said she can't do it. Again. This time she told me that they are between shifts, so can I come back half an hour later. Funny. Does she expect her customers to stand there 30 minutes while they change their shift? Gosh.I patron the Westin in Paris, Shanghai and even Macau. Their heavenly bed is the best thing I ever experienced. Their services have always be good. If I were staying somewhere else, in China, I would have accepted it. But honestly, shouldn't we expect a little more from the Westin?Anthony, Hong Kong  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>davitcha
<Content>A Truly Refreshing Stay in Beijing This newish Westin is really living up to its corporate goals of offering an experience of renewal and refreshment to guests. After spending a couple hours at the airport to meet a friend, then taking a taxi through Beijing's rather slow and crowded streets, all the while inhaling dusty fumes from the car window that just wouldn't roll up, we arrived at the Westin to pleasant greetings, the absence of a line at check in, and complimentary ice cold herbal drinks free flow next to the reception desk. Check In and Out: Check in was smooth, quick, and friendly. The counter is rather small, but the staff seem well trained and efficient. Same story for check out - it must have been a three minute process, then we were finished and on to our next stop. Don't miss the excellent herbal drinks and water next to the counter - a great place to stock up on water just before a day out on the town as well.Rooms: I often judge hotels by their bathrooms, and in this field the Westin Beijing excelled. Bathroom was spacious with plenty of counterspace for the things we brought as well as the hotel's rather nice ammenities. The shower and bathtub were framed by a large window with a beautiful city view and electric blinds, and rather than seperate, as in most modern hotels, they were just beside each other, partitioned from the rest of the bathroom by a squeaky clean glass door. The toilet had a rather comfortable one-size-fits-all seat, and was partially enclosed in a nook between the sink and the closet. The bathroom had two entrances - one via the room, and the other via the walk in closet. Very nice to walk straight from the shower into the roomy closet for bathrobe or clothes.The bed was comfortable, though the chair at the business desk was devine! I was temped to sleep in that. Service: The service button on the in room phone linked us to a friendly operator who was able to meet our requests quickly - everything from extra bottles of water to the change of a funny smelling pillow case. Housekeeping staff were smiley and pleasant as well.Club lounge staff were fabulous, and I highly recommend upgrading to club level for those who will be spending any time at the hotel. They seemed very happy to have us there, and from the moment I arrived to the day I left, they remembered our names and our preferences. I was suffering from a bit of a cold and sore throat, and 2 of the staff members went out of their way, every time they saw me, to brew a traditional Chinese medicinal tea to help with my problem. The lounge also features complimentary juices and drinks throughout the day, as well as 2 computers with internet (free of charge), a good breakfast, and a delightful evening happy hour with excellent wine, snacks, and delightful chocolates. Food: I was surprised by the commitment to quality this Westin showed when it came to food. From free flow chocolates in the club lounge to fresh squeezed juices at the 1st floor breakfast buffet, the food was really top notch. More than just quality though, it was fun. There were peanut butter and jelly pastries, very chocolately chocolate crossaints, and exotic fruit and dishes. Not your typical hotel food!Location: Financial street (Jin Rong Jie), where this Westin is located, is a very quiet part of Beijing, but still rather central. Tian An Men Square is a short taxi ride away, and the subway is a 15 minute walk (Fu Xing Men Station at Parkson), where, squished by the crowds, you can get a feel for why China has instituted a one child policy. A very high end shopping mall is across the street, featuring brands like Louis Vuitton and Christian Dior, and a fantastic supermarket with a huge selection of imports is in the mall's basement.Just across from the mall is a row of interesting restaurants, both western and Asian, including TGI Friday's, Pizza Hut, and a bakery or two.Value: Go to www.westin.com to book this hotel. Rates are great and you can find some great deals in the special offers section once you get to this particular hotel's page. I booked the Buy 2 nights get 1 free promotion, and it ended up being a very good deal.At this point, this is my favorite hotel in Beijing. With its combination of value, quality, dedicated service, location and modern comforts, one can't find much better in Beijing.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>cmrcl_pls
<Content>Westin Beijing - A Great Start of a Vacation       Lovely Buffet  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Quijanotango
<Content>Beatiful hotel, but they messed up our booking! We spent 6 nights in a two bedroom apartment in the residence side of the hotel. We had a very messy start, because we booked the apartment though www.servicedapartmentsasia.com and our reservation stated that the use of the 'bussiness lounge' was included in our rate. We arrived early in the morning from a night train trip from Xian, very tired and dying to have a nice breakfast. While we were having dinner at the 'bussiness lounge', we were told that this was not included in our rate and that we would be charged 400Y per day. After a long discussion with the manager (which wasn't completed until the following day) we were told that the website we had booked with had made a mistake and that we couldn't use the bussiness lounge unless we paid 400Y extra per day. For the 6 nights we were there, we could use the 'residents lounge' for breakfast which had a very very small selection of breakfast items, nothing to do with the bussiness lounge. I found it disappointing that our trip started that way and that we weren't offered the free use of the 'bussiness lounge' as stated in our reservation. Apart from that, great apartment, we loved the decoration of the hotel and the atmosphere was fantastic. We had dinner a couple of times at 'senses' and found the buffet of a high standard. Ann Marie was very kind and made her best to make us feel welcome.But I have to say that the best part was the Spa...Since my husband is a therapist, we have been to many different spas around the world, cheap and very expensive. Westin's spa definetly had the best decoration, service and atmosphere we had experienced, it was amazing, don't give it a miss!I would definetely go back, but confirming my booking first!  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	2	3	3	

<Author>Virgin Island Traveler
<Content>Good Business Person's Hotel We spent 4 nights at the Beijing Westin Hotel in April 2008 as part of a China Cruise/ Tour. We found the hotel staff to be exceptionally helpful. The hotel for the most part was spotless except for the carpet in our room, which was very stained. Overall the service was very good The Italian restaurant was great. The breakfast buffet was superb, however, because we were part of a tour group we were required to sit out in the hallway with folding tables and stackable chairs (this was a big turn off since we were treated differently than the other guests). Service in the hallway was lacking.....we had to chase the wait staff to get a cup of coffee or tea (or refills). The swimming pool was tremendous, as was the steam rooms and staff therein. Although our stay was pleasant we would probably opt for another, more luxurious hotel, when we return to Beijing. As I indicated it's a good business persons hotel.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>myrasq21
<Content>Wonderful hotel, wonderful staff! My husband and I just returned from a 6 night stay at the Westin. The hotel is new, absolutely beautiful, and has the most helpful, gracious staff we've met in years. Every staff member went out of his or her way to make us feel welcomed. Since my husband is a Platinum Starwood member, we were upgraded to a Renewal Suite and were able to use the club level lounge, which has a great breakfast and happy hour buffet. We had a wonderful stay here. We absolutely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BuckyLover
<Content>A wonderful hotel A wonderful hotel for business travelers. I have stayed there for 3 nights and attended a meeting held there. The hotel is centrally located in the Financial Street of Beijing, known as the 鈥淲all Street鈥?in China. It will only take 1 minutes walk to get to China鈥檚 鈥淩egulatory Commissions鈥?for banking, insurance and securities. This is especially convenient for people like me whose business is finance related. And cabs took 15 minutes to get me to the National theatre which is just next to Tiananmen Square. And I just noticed some giant finance companies are just located around the hotel, like Citi, GS and JP Morgan. The shortcoming for this is you can not easily get cabs in the rush hours in front of hotel. The room is great and well equipped. I personally like the huge Westin 鈥淗eavenly Bed鈥?and the so-called rainforest shower. The most important point is the whole hotel is covered by wireless internet broadband, and it is free. I can easily go to surf internet when I was in a meeting and the wifi signal is strong in the venue. Staff is very friendly and their English is adequate. Every evening they have a ceremony down in the lobby showing some candle lightening up and Taiji show. However, the main corridor of the lobby is under construction and I suppose the ceremony should be better with a nice corridor. We used buffet in the restaurant in the 1st floor and found it is very busy in lunch time. We have to wait for a while to be seated when we tried to have a quick lunch there. Honestly, the food presented is among the best ones I have seen in Beijing. Staff in restaurant was very proactive and they even taught me some pronunciations in Chinese. Overall, Westin Beijing Financial Street is one of the best hotels in town with no doubts, especially for business travelers. I will definitely recommendate it.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>SueTexas
<Content>Residence rooms are the way to go My husband and I used Starwoods points (11,500) to book a Westin Room for the second part of our stay in Bejing-March 11-16th. When we got to the hotel it was booked so they upgraded us to a two bedroom apartment in the Residence Tower. The apartment was fantastic in it's layout. We really enjoyed having the kitchen so we could stock it with drinks and snacks and breakfast items. The only down side to the kitchen was it seemed to have a strange odor so we had to keep the door closed when we weren't using it. It also was not fully stocked with dishes/utensils, etc. There were glasses but we had to request bowls/silverware. We did not cook anything but if we needed to we would have requested cooking ware also.It was really nice to be able to read in a real chair and sit on a real sofa instead of a bed to watch TV. There were actually three TV's - one in each bedroom and one in the living area. The only problem I had with the facility was I could not get a feather pillow and I found the pillow they had to be too bulking for me. I ended up using one off the sofa to sleep on.We found the staff to be very friendly and attentive. English was satisfactory and if they did not understand your question they were quick to get help from another employee.We thought the food in Prego, the Italian restuarant was excellent. I had the lasagna and was very satisfied with it.We also ate the breakfast buffet one morning when we had a long day planned. All of the food was excellent, the fresh squeezed juices were expecially nice.We ate one ala carte meal at the same restaurant, not wanting the buffet that evening. My husband ordered the Wonton Soup and when it came we discovered the Wonton's had shrimp in them. When I tasted the broth it tasted like seafood so I said he better slice open one of the Wonton's since he is allergic to shellfish. Sure enough it had shrimp in it - this was not noted on the menu so I would recommend if you have any allergies - ask to make sure there is not any in the dish you ordered.I used the ladies facilities by the swimming pool (and the pool). The jacuzzi had a very nice area where you could put your feet directly over some jets - nice after a long day of walking. The sauna and steam room were also refreshing. However one of the days the jacuzzi was cold instead of hot so I didn't use it.I used the Spa on the last evening to get a 90 minute Chinese Massage. The spa rooms are incredible - they have a private dressing room with an individual shower/steam room combination that has colored lights that rotate through the color spectrum. The therapist I had was very good although I did note a slight odor on her breath, probably due to a different food diet. I also had to ask her to use more oil/lotion since it did not seem to be moisturizing my skin very well and there was some friction when she was doing my hands. Note - they will ask you if you want a man or a woman so definately speak up if you have a preference.We had drinks in the lounge and they did a very good job with service and had entertainment - singers and a piano player. The lounge was busy during the week but quiet on the weekend. Definately more focused on the business traveler.We used the hotel limo for our transfer back to the airport on our day of departure. It was a very nice Mercedes and you definately felt luxurious riding in it.The hotel was not convient to walk to any of the tourist sites but taxis were very inexpensive. It also made it nice that it was very quiet every night due to the location.I would definately recommend the hotel for business/pleasure combination.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chp37
<Content>Great Accomodations and outstanding service I went with my 2 kids for 4 nights in Feb. We stayed in the Executive Apartments and that was great for a family. It had bedroom living room and kitchen and I paid less 200CNY less than for a regular room. It is not centrally located, but there is a mall across the street with a grocery and everything you might need and taxis are cheap, besides the sights of Beijing are pretty spread out. You can't stay near the Forbidden City and still be near the Summer Palace or the Olympic Village. We had access to the club lounge with a great selection for breakfast buffet or we could have eaten in in our own kitchen. The hotel buffet restaurant was good, but they really had outstanding service. They worked with me on my pronunciation in Mandarin, since pronunciation in everything in being understood in Chinese. I think they were amused I was trying so hard to learn. They also went out of their way to help me, when I took money out of the hotel ATM and forgot to retrieve my card. They got a hold of the bank company and got them to retrieve my card and get it back to me even though the machine was not due to be serviced until later in the week.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>GlobalTravellerSSV
<Content>Wonderful Westin! Fantastic hotel! We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and had a very enjoyable stay! We stayed in a Renewal Suite and it was very spacious, very clean and so very comfortable. We had access to the Club Room and it's benefits - the buffet breakfast had a great selection and food was great. Unfortunately, the club room only includes breakfast and soft drinks/coffee throughout the day however no pre dinner drinks are offered which is suprising as pre dinner drinks are normally a standard offering for club room benefits...We booked this hotel even though we knew it was located in the Finance district - the Westin was offering a pay for 2, stay for 3 night deal so it was too good a deal to pass! Note, this hotel is pretty far from all the major tourist attractions and shopping. You will need to take a taxi to get around - note taxis are cheap though the taxi drivers dont speak english.The staff are very friendly however their english is limited - we found that we had to sometimes repeat ourselves before they understood us. Overall, a great hotel - we would stay here again!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Gorwell
<Content>Good for business travelers Stayed here as part of a tour group in October, 2007. It's a very nice, modern hotel, geared towards business travelers  groups. Location is good, with high-end shopping across the street. Walking-distance dining choices are limited, but the hotel has an outstanding (if expensive) buffet that has the broadest range of foods I've ever seen.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Adnoorak
<Content>A Class Act. Westin in Financial St.Stayed here for 6 nights in late November in the apartments section. The two bedroom apartment was very well fitted out and very luxurious.Staff were courteous, knowledgeable and willing to help. English no problem.There are 3 restaurants within the hotel, and the hidden gem is the Chinese Restaurant tucked away in the far corner...it is simply fantastic. We kept going back to it as it is reasonably priced, food (lunch  dinner) was something else and the service was excellent. Wine list was comprehensive, affordable and interesting without being over the top.Location is good, a short cab ride will get you to all of the major attractions. Subway is less than a 5 minute walk, although you want to think twice about using it.We have no hesitation in reccommending this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lola50
<Content>Wow!! Loved the Westin If you are staying in Beijing, the brand new Westin is the way to go. Very convenient to the metro and all of the attractions. Spa was awesome, as were the restaurants inside the hotel, which, by the way, were NOT overpriced!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Public_Dave
<Content>Very pleasant stay I stayed at this property while attending a conference at the Grand Hyatt. Now contrary to its name, the Financial Street doesn't really seem to be the center of attention (probably better off in the Wangfujing area), and does seem to be somewhat sterile (a little like Battery Park's NYC in the evening). On the plus side, it is just across from the exclusive Lane Crawford mall and some very pleasant, modern wide boulevards.The hotel itself was very pleasant indeed. As soon as I arrived, the staff all moved to help me get set for my room, and it was really as painless as I've seen. The room was lovely, and the rain shower in the room was an unexpected delight.I am sure in time cab drivers will know Weh-sze-ting. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>paragon0418
<Content>Truly Relaxing        spacious jacuzzi with temperate water  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AvidTravelers26
<Content>Great hotel but no taxi drivers have heard of it!! My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and four days while touring Beijing. I love Westins so I was looking forward to staying here. The heavenly beds are not like the ones in North America but it is still a very comfortable bed. The shower is not the dual head heavenly showers like in the North American Westins I have stayed in but it was a rain shower (shower head in the ceiling) which was nice, but it was also have been nice to have a regular shower head. They actually did have one of those shower heads that you can detach but you can't use it like a regular shower head attached to the wall because it spits out at 90 degrees instead of 45 degrees. We were placed in a room that had a door so that it could be used as an adjoining room if necessary. The problem with this, is that the wall is SO THIN at the door that it's incredible. Right as we were drifting off to sleep the people in the next room walked in their room and we could hear EVERY word they said and I could even hear when one of the guys was crinkling up a piece of paper. The exact same thing happened the next night - right as we were drifting off to sleep, tired from a long day of being tourist they walked into their room and we could hear everything. We were already totally unpacked and I was so tired both nights that I didn;t have the energy to call and ask to be switched but to those that will be staying at this hotel, I would double check that your room doesn't have an adjoing door - you'll regret it maybe not immediately but later on. The next issue I had with this hotel its location in Beijing. Every evening when we had to return, I would dread hailing a cab because we would routinely get turned down at least once, sometimes twice before a cabbie would agree to take us there - they just don't want to go there. THe hotel gives you a business card from the address and street map showing where it is but the writing on the business card is SO SMALL, especially at night, that some cabbies couldn't even read it properly - ask for someone at the hotel to re-write it in large letters so that it is very clear. Also we found that cabbies tried to cheat us by taking us round about ways - your cabbie should drive south on leaving the hotel to the major road, that's the fastest way to get east where most of the attractions are. There were about 10 western restaurants within a two minute walk away, and for those who want something more authentic there is a hotpot restaurant very close by as well, just ask someone at the hotel how to get there on foot. I kind of liked having the western restaurants close by, they were good when you just wanted to grab something on the go, or when you need a break from cultural food. All in all, probably not the best hotel in the city but very good nonetheless.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	1	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JPDeM
<Content>Out of the way but inexpensive This is a very recent hotel that offers high quality ammenities and good staff but this hotel is far from the action. Definitely, it is the least interesting of the 10 or so hotels I tried in this city.Starting with the positive aspect, the rooms are spacious and well furnished. The hotel is out of the way from most interesting things (it is in the so-called financial district). While taxis are cheap, many drivers have not heard of the place and need to call the hotel for directions. It is also not fun being stuck in traffic most of the time.I found the staff polite and pleasant although they had this bad habit of barging into my room unannounced. I know I should use the do not disturb sign more but they still should knock first or ring the doorbell.Also I find that the area lacks atmosphere. Unusual for Beijing, there is not a soul on the streets around there. The subway is a good 20 minute walk and there are not too many things around the hotel except some western restaurants. I was staying in the serviced apartment tower. Don't count on the kitchen to have any meals there. The drawers are empty. There is a kettle and some coffee and tea bags but no cup and no spoon!What I found most annoying however was the lousy internet connection. It is extremely slow and I continuously got disconnected. If you plan to do some work from your room as I did, you may decide to change hotel. This is what I had to do. Could not get anything done. Really really bad. Took me several attempts and over one hour to get this review in.The one saving grace is the price as I paid US$100 for a one bedroom apartment.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	2	5	4	4	1	

<Author>annieandhamish
<Content>Loved our stay We stayed at the Westin with our 2 teenage daughters for 4 nights. We booked a suite in the residence section of the hotel for the amazing price of US$150 per night through a website. The suite was beautifully appointed and was very big - 131 squ meters with 2 bedrooms  2bathrooms, large sitting room with comfy sofas ( big screen tv and dvd)  dining area, seperate kitchen with cooktop, oven, microwave  washing machine / dryer combo. Both the bedrooms (one had a king size bed and the other had 2 double beds) were huge and both had flat screen tv's, desks and large bathrooms with all the amenities ( nice toiletries, robe  slippers, umbrella etc). We were on the 27th floor with a lovely view. There building going on next to the hotel so not sure what the noise was like on other floors but as we were so high up it did not bother us.The breakfast buffet was teriffic with a huge selection but a bit pricy for China at US$20 per person. All the room service we ordered was nicely presented and quite good value. If you get stuck for food take a 15 minute walk from the hotel  there is a Starbucks, KFC, and bit further on there is a pizza hut. We prefered to eat in neighbourhood restaurants so about a 15 min walk in the other direction is a street with bakery, small shops, tea shops  about 5 - 6 restaurants. None of the restaurants we tried had English menus but they were very friendly  helpful  we got by with pictures  our mandarin phrase book.As other people have mentioned the Westin is a bit out of the action part of Beijing but taxis are so cheap it didn't matter. Although one day we had to walk back from Tianamen Square as no taxi driver would stop for us, it was on Oct 1st which is a national holiday for the Chinese so unbelievably busy. I think it was about a 30 - 40 Minute walk back to the hotel but just shows you can walk to places from this hotel if you need to!!!) We only had one taxi driver ( from the airport )who had slight trouble finding it but the other drivers were fine. Just make sure you don't get overcharged - we had one taxi driver who took us a very long way to the hotel but we indicated to him on a map that we knew what he was doing . When he tried to charge us we wrote down his taxi number  he soon changed the price. The taxi industry in Beijing is regulated so they really frown on the drivers trying to rip tourists off  they can get into trouble. The concierge and tourist desk share the same area. The girl at the tourist desk offered to book us tours around Beijing but it is just as easy (  cheaper )to do it yourself via taxi. But we did organise tickets to The Legend of Kung Fu Show through her  they were no more expensive than booking directly with the theatre and the seats were great. She also booked a hutong tour for us with the Beijing Hutong Tour Company (the one mentioned in the Lonely Planet guides) and again it was no more expensive than if we had done it ourself. We decided to go through this company as there are lots of people touting Hutong tours and we have heard some of them are a bit disreputable  take you to places you really don't want to stop at. The tour we took was RMB220 each  was about 2 1/2 hours long. The guide we had was excellent. As well as touring the area by rickshaw we stopped off at Price Gongs palace  had a private tea ceremony, visited the Drum tower and heard the drums sounded and this is worth going to just for the view over Beijing from the drum tower ( we had a rare clear nearly smogless day ) and also visited a retired archaeologist  his wife in their courtyard home which was very interesting as my daughter studies history so there was lots of conversation  laughter which our guide interpreted for us.Rather than have a guided tour we hired a taxi for the whole day via the concierge( I think it was about RMB 300 - 400 ) and went to the Great wall, Forbidden palace etc.This was my husband 4th trip to Beijing so rather that going to the Badaling (McWall) section of the great wall we went a bit further on to the on to the Mitianyu section which he said was not so busy  much better. Get there early, it opens at 7.30, and you will beat all the crowds  tourist buses. We arrived at opening and there were not many people about so we had the wall mostly to ourselves for a little while - we stayed a couple of hours and by the time we left it was starting to get very busy with cars parked the whole way down the hill so it must have been a long big walk for those people just arriving. There are 2 cable rides up - the 1St cable ride also has the option of taking the taboggan ride down which is lots of fun or you can take the cable car back down again.When we visited the forbidden palace you could not move for people and also most of the rooms are not open to the public at the moment as they are doing work on them in preperation for the Olympic games.We would definately stay at this hotel again and really enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>barolobrain
<Content>Good for business I've stayed here twice now. It's perhaps the newest hotel in the financial district of Beijing. If I were a tourist, probably not my first choice for location. Check-in and check-out have been flawless. Even getting the Chinese tax receipt, fa piao, is fast which for those who need them, is a surprise.The rooms were decent sized with very good storage, in-room safes, multiple AC plugs, excellent broadband, mini-bar, comfortable beds and furnishings and excellent bathrooms.The bar downstairs is nice and service is good. I've eaten at the Italian restaurant twice and it too is quite good.There is no place nearby to eat unless you want Shanghainese food. In that case there's a restaurant across the street in the China Life building called Shanghai Xiao Nan Guo which is excellent. Also as the district is being expanded, the construction will start at 6am so and this will probably not change anytime in the next year or so.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Zoeycat
<Content>too big for its britches Spent 3 nights at the WB as part of a Viking River Cruise tour, and I must say I was dissappointed. It started out badly when we went for the buffet dinner. Our flight was late but they knew we were coming (there was over 100 of us); still it seemed as if they were miffed that we were there. As a matter of fact, one of the hostesses was only blatantly RUDE Chinese person we met on our entire trip. So dinner was not a pleasant experience. Our own electrical transformer didn't work so the front desk sent one up to us. We plugged it in and all the lights went out. They sent up a maintenence man and, after checking, determined the transformer was broken. He flipped the breaker and brought us another transformer which worked fine -- these things happen I guess. The sheets were scratchy; the pillows fat and hard.We called one night as we were getting ready to go out, and ordered two drinks from the room service menu. This seemed to be more than they could handle. I talked to several people trying to get someone who could speak enough English to place my order. Then we got a call saying they were out of one of the drinks we ordered. They ran out of vodka? OK so we cancelled the order, by then it was too late anyway, and we went to dinner at another restaurant. When we got back we got a call saying they tried to deliver our drinks but we were not in the room and would we like them delivered now? Then there's the fancy phone that supposedly does everything but whistle dixie, however it didn't work. There was a little hole in the side, so I thot maybe it was for a stylus-thingie but there was no stylus-thingie. Fingers and pens didn't work. We had to call the front desk for every request because there are no phone numbers for room service, maintenance, wake-up calls, etc. You're supposed to use your phone screen for these things and ours didn't work. There was no attempt to fix it.The hotel is beautiful, the rooms nice, but I think they need to pay a little more attention to the running of the hotel and a little less attention to the glitz.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	5	2	1	5	

<Author>ohmyGOSH
<Content>Wonderful experience I stayed at the Westin Beijing in April 2007 shortly after it opened. I am Platimum level for Starwood so perhaps my treatment by the staff was above average. Nevertheless, our expereince at this hotel was wonderful. The rooms are smallish but beautifully apponted. The executive louge was great. The staff was so responsive. It is not near any tourist sites but taxis are cheap and plentiful. This was my 13th visit to China for business and one of my nicest hotel expereience. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Elliot_Carver
<Content>Very good hotel As the other reviews have noted, this hotel is not really close to any of the tourist sites, but as long as you have the name of the hotel written out in Chinese characters (something they are prepared for with many cards) it is not an issue. My wife and I stayed for three nights while visiting the city for fun. The concierge desk does share itself with the tourist desk and they are different, but not marked as such. One is trying to sell you packaged tours to make money, while the other can assist you in acquiring a much cheaper private car/taxi to see the same sites. The hotel has a clean spa with a sauna, steam room, hot tub and pool for all guests, which was quite refreshing after the long flight. The rooms were also decently sized and quite comfortable. The breakfast was quite good, with western and local selections. We enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Worlds_of_Wonder
<Content>Good as a business hotel (for some) and not a good pick for others On its website, the Westin Beijing touts itself as a place to Calm the mind. Excite the senses. Find renewal. Such claims are unjustifiable. The hotel is a busy hotel, with lots of construction in the neighborhood, huge wood room doors that, despite their beauty, are prone to slamming, and noisy service staff.What it is a true business hotel, in close location to major banks, the Chinese Banking Regulatory Commission (CBRC), and the Chinese Insurance Regulatory Commission. If you have business with these entities or a conference at the hotel or in the area of the hotel, then I would recommend considering this hotel. Otherwise, I would consider other hotels in Beijing.This hotel is definitely not the best option for tourists--it is far away from major sites and the two nearest subway stations are a long haul (particularly in the hot Beijing summer). The hotel website underestimates the time to the airport and the train station, too. There is a so-called Bar Street near the hotel that will make you feel like you are in a mall in anytown USA (good for some, a horrible disappointment for others). On this Bar Street, you will find a Starbucks, a TGI Fridays, and other restaurants that have nothing to do with China. If you speak Mandarin, then there are food options within a 5-6 block radius of the hotel, but they remain a long (hot) haul by foot.On the positive side, my room was excellent in terms of size and amenities. All the equipment worked well. There was a room safe deposit box, sized to allow for the storage of one's laptop. The work space was good, too. The bathroom is nice, but the rain shower dumps water at a horrendous pace, a real luxury (waste?) in water deficient Beijing. Another plus is that the hotel offers various health drinks, bottled waters, and pre-packaged wipes to guests in an area near the reception desk.I found the staff uneven in quality. Sometimes they were friendly. Other times they were cold. Housekeeping employees sometimes cleaned my room properly. Other times they did not. Sometimes, concierge staff gave me good advice. Other times they seemed to have their own pockets in mind.To reiterate, I really would recommend this hotel only for business travelers having business in the area or at the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>djrmddmd
<Content>Excellent Hotel and Staff This is simply one of the finest Westin Hotels in the World. The location is close to all of the major tourist attractions and shopping.Taxis are plentiful and inexpensive.. Great breakfast and seafood buffets as well... The staff is attentive and most helpful and there is a convenient, staffed business center, as well.I would stay her again in a hearbeat....  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>romadaro
<Content>Loved the Westin-Should Be Rated Higher! I know there are lots of good hotels in Beijing and this property is definitely among the best. On check-in my wife and I were greeted by the doorman and our luggage taken care of while we were escorted to the Club Floor for check-in. By the time this process was completed, the bellman had delivered our luggage and was waiting to explain the features of our upgraded suite. The breakfast and evening spreads in the Club Lounge were phenominal and the staff was falling over each other to help. Every evening one or two of them would stop by to find out how our day had gone and offer suggestions for the next days tours. Although the hotel is in the business district, it also caters to leisure travelers and is in an area that offers a welcome respite from the hustle and bustle of the heart of the city. Don't hesitate to book this property...you won't regret it!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>catx
<Content>Top quality hotel in Beijing The Westin Beijing is a new property in an area that is being built up with other top end hotels, lots of restaurants and shops. On arrival we were greeted at the car, our luggage was taken care of and we were escorted to the check-in on the club floor by a very nice hotel worker.Our room had been upgraded to what they call their Renewal rooms. It is a spacious (around 60sqm I think) room with a desk, a king size bed, LCD/Plasma TV, walk in closet and a very spacious bathroom with a large shower/hot tub area. Everything was new, beautiful, clean and top end. Very spacious. Nice amenities like soaps, shampoos, comb, nail files, etc. etc. were in the room. Large safe. Lots of dark wood. Everything smelled new and clean.The Renewal room included having a person prepare a bath every evening. While I am not interested in it, my wife was and we had it done. I didn't have the bath but it really smelled nice and there were lots of candles lit all around the bathroom. Very nice.There are several restaurants in the hotel. We tried the Cantonese (don't remember the name) and the Italian (Prego). Both had very, very good food, fantastic service and very good ambience. There is also a buffet restaurant (I don't like buffets so we didn't try it but it looked great), a sandwich bar (we didn't try) and a cigar room (didn't try but looked great).We would have tried more restaurants but our room included club floor access. The club floor has a very extensive breakfast buffet (Western and Chinese) and an evening cocktail services (enough food to qualify as dinner) with free drinks including wine/beer/liquor. Soft drinks and coffee (including espresso) is available throughout the day.If you get tired of the hotel food there are at least 10 restaurants within 2 blocks (3 minutes), Starbucks, smoothie place, KFC, Friday's, Chinese restaurant, French bakery, Japanese, etc.Service in the hotel was very good, world class. The room was made up in the morning, in the late afternoon and on request.The hotel staff was very eager to help with anything from recommendations for restaurants and sight-seeing to arranging tickets for the Beijing Opera.One small observation that is indicative of the hotel, when you press the elevator button it takes less than 1 second until the light above the elevator that will be coming lights up. The elevator arrives within a few seconds and in no case over 10 seconds. In so many hotels you have to wait forever for an elevator, especially at check-out time and at dinner time. Not at this one.We used the spa services, the spa area was very nice, quiet and beautiful. The treatment rooms had shower (with LED lights changing colors in the ceiling, looked like a starry sky) and steam shower. The therapists were very good and professional, it is very clear that no extra services are provided.The gym area is very well equipped with LifeFitness and other high end brands with LCD screens. I worked out in the morning, afternoon and evening. Always gear available. The gym also has  sauna, steam shower, large hot tub, showers (all these separate for male/female) and then a very large pool with a bar and access to the outside where you could sit in lounge chairs and have a drink.What are the negative observations? The Financial area is still like any other financial district, by 6pm it is pretty much dead and if you want a lot of people mingling in bars you need to take a taxi. I think this will change by next Spring when more entertainment is built up.The air pollution is second only to New Delhi in my view (but that's not the hotel, it's Beijing).You can spend a lot less money in Beijing than staying and eating here so if that's a concern you shouldn't stay here. I thought it was very good value for money, especially including the club floor.Summary: World class hotel, fantastic service, great restaurants, great gym, great spa.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sailxx
<Content>very good hotel       fresh fruits  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>dobbleruk
<Content>Good Overall good hotel.Rooms were comfortable and the food was impeccableThe buffet served is fantasticLocation bit out of the way but price of taxi's are nothing  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	3	4	

<Author>Mgmt_Consultant
<Content>Good hotel with great Executive Club floor Beijing was the first stop on our China trip, and we stayed for three days at the Westin. Being a Starwood Platinum member, I got access to the Executive Club floor, and must say it was one of the best experiences of the whole trip.Since the hotel is brand new, the room and the interiors of the hotel were all in perfect condition, and the health club was impeccable with a variety of new equipment and a nice view of the street below.Overall the staff was helpful, and the concierge booked a daytrip to the Great Wall for us. The location of the hotel is relatively central, but not walking distance to major attractions like Tianamen Square and the Forbidden City. However, taxis are abundant and very inexpensive by US or European standards.As I said above, the Executive Club floor was great. It was a boon to come back there after a long day of sightseeing, and relax in the homely atmosphere with a drink or a cup of coffee. The staff was attentive and helpful, and the complimentary breakfast and evening buffets were truly amazing with plenty of dishes and drinks to choose from.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>thelika
<Content>Impeccable This hotel is truly a jewel. The rooms are spacious and comfortable. Everything is brand new (the hotel is brand new) and sparkling clean. The bathrooms are big, the shower unbelievable. The service was impeccable. The breakfast buffet and food in general truly excellent. I cannot compliment this hotel enough. The location was fantastic also - ever so slightly removed from the craziness of the city, an oasis of peace and tranquility. When I was there in March, the spa and pool weren't open yet but they looked very nice. The staff was more than accomodating, even by Asian standards. Like I said, I cannot rave enough about this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TripAdMemberNYC
<Content>Disgusting (yes, absolutely disgusting) room service I have stayed at this hotel about a half dozen times on business travel to Beijing and until this trip would have given it a decent review. Yes, the staff has been clumsy, but they are usually polite about it. The rooms sometimes have amenities missing (like slippers) but they are usually very clean. I also used to think the Western food was prepared to a higher standard than at many other places in China.This time, however, the room service food was so horrible that ordered two different dinner items and didn't eat either of them. I had ordered this food before and while it wasn't great, it was good. This time, I first ordered a club sandwich, which you think would be hard to mess up. But this one was made on what tasted like Wonder bread and had the crusts cut off, which made it about half the size it should have been. There was so much rotten tasting mayonnaise that everything kept sliding off.I then ordered a proscuitto pizza, but this time it came out completely different from what I got before. It was burnt and tough but--much much worse--it was covered in what looked, smelled and tasted like American cheese. After trying one bite, which I spit out, I immediately shoved it out the door.It gets worse. I was so afraid to order again that I dipped into the Lay's potato chips in the mini bar. Unfortunately, the hotel seems to now stock the cheap Chinese Pringle's instead of imported Pringle's like other hotels. They were so greasy that they, too, went straight into the trash can.I'm not a picky eater so this experience was horrifying to me.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	5	3	2	5	

<Author>lonestar64
<Content>Comfortable hotel, but couldn't care less staff... I stayed 3 days in this hotel before heading home after nearly 3 weeks of solo travel in China. The hotel is very new and modern with most comfortable bed and I had a very enjoyable bufftet. I did not have any problem with taxi drivers as they all knew about Financial Street and InterContinental, which was one block from Westin.However, I did come across a few unacceptable responses from the hotel staff/service. I asked for direction to the nearest metro station, can you believe it ? no one knew, doorman, concierge plus one just shake their heads, may be Westin guests never use metro ! Eventually, I was pointed to a direction which would take me 20 min on foot, so I ended by taking a taxi to where I was going. The following day with a map, I strolled to the nearest metro station Fuchengmen in 5 min. This lack of basic local info from doorman and concierge is unbelievable.I am a Gold Starwood member and normally expect a newpaper in the morning. This did not happen on the first day, but even after reminding the guest services and they apologised for the oversight, it still wasn't delivered each morning, so I gave up.The hotel offered a shoe shine service. My shoes were returned in less than 5 min in the same state, is this Westin ? I have taken the trouble to write these comments on the guest feedback form. It has been over 10 days and I had no reply from the hotel management nor guest services, just like the paper !  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	4	5	3	1	-1	

<Author>wy2kman
<Content>Wonderful place to stay I am currently here at the Westin, Beijing. This is my first time here. I arrived on the 21st and will leave on the 31st. I agree that the taxi driver from the airport did not know where the hotel was located. I had the name and address of the hotel written in Chinese but we still had to stop (as it turned out) about 4 blocks away so the driver could ask for directions. However, I do not attribute that to the hotel. Yes, it is new and I can say a lovely hotel. All the staff without exception has been attentive, helpful and welcoming. I even had one of the staff from the executive lounge come to my room to retrieve a message from my phone that I could not understand. I speak about three words of Mandarin. English is not a problem for the staff. Any requests for assistance have been taken care of promptly and efficiently. I am truly impressed with everything and everyone here at the Westin. I travel a lot and stay in hotels about 120 nights a year, mostly for pleasure...boy am I lucky!...and this is a great hotel.As for the location I can say that it is not a problem since taxis are easily obtained and rather inexpensive. I enjoy walking and that is not a worry in this area. People on the street are friendly, greeting and smiling. I walked the mile or so to the Forbidden City and Tianenmen Square and enjoyed seeing the area between there and the hotel. It is a chance to see the city not just the usual crowded sights teeming with tourists.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>toolworker
<Content>Good Hardware; Poor "Software"       View from our room - not much here for tourists  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>2	3	5	1	5	3	2	4	

<Author>downtowntan
<Content>Shiny and new, but with problems I wrapped up a recent trip to China with a three-night stay at this very new property located in Beijing's equivalent of Wall Street. The hotel is definitely geared to middle-management finance types as each day of my stay featured at least one corporate function or reception.Pros: Everything is new. The rooms are spacious and well-outfitted with wi-fi, flat-panel TVs, work desks with plenty of easily accessible outlets (still no dedicated 110V AC outlets though), multi-line phones, etc. The fitness center is comprehensive and the pool (unlike others I've seen in China which are clearly designed for leisurely dips) actually features lane lines for those of us who prefer to swim laps for fitness. The breakfast and dinner buffets in the Senses restaurant were stunning both for their quality as well as the vastness of the selection. Both local and Western dishes are on offer, including (at dinner) steamed crab, lobster tail and prawns. Also, the best gelati and sorbets I had in a long while.Cons: Every_one_ is new. Almost all of the hotel's personnel, it seems, are still in training. Although the food was fantastic, the same could not be said of the restaurant staff who ranged from slow to forgetful to sloppy. At times, it seemed that there was no rhyme or reason to their assignments and many seemed to be wandering around aimlessly. The sound of glasses and plates breaking was attendant to every meal I had. And on one particularly hurried morning, I was unable to procure a cup of tea during the entire time I was seated for breakfast. I managed a chat with an assistant concierge who, though very congenial, acknowledged that he was spending six months working at the Westin in Beijing as part of his as-yet uncompleted hospitality degree from a school in Switzerland.The inexperience of the reception staff showed clearly when it came to resolving a customer satisfaction issue. During my last night, the flat-panel TV in my room failed. I mentioned this upon check-out and asked as compensation that the cost of two drinks I had ordered in the bar the previous night be waived. After some hesitation, the girl helping me went into the back office, presumably to confer with the duty manager. The answer came back: no, with apologies. I guess that was all they were prepared to do. So my last impression of the hotel was decidedly negative. Too bad.There are two Starwood properties next door to one another in Beijing: the Westin and the St. Regis. Both are nearly brand new. I wonder if all the better staff candidates were sent to the St. Regis and those guests of the Westin like myself were made to deal with the second-tier applicants. Can't prove it, but can't help thinking it either.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	5	1	2	5	

<Author>cfccliffy
<Content>Wow...Very impressed! This was my first stay in Beijing  I was obviously apprehensive on where to stay. As a Starwood preferred guest I thought the safest bet was to try out the new Westin. What an experience!From the start, check-in was a dream (I did book the exec lounge floor)....two porters  a concierge manager took me to the 26th floor  booked me into my room. I had access to the lounge breakfast  evening happy hour (free drinks  assorted food each night). The hotel team remember your name (freaky at first but nothing bad intended...just good customer service), and will do anything to help.One word of advice for travelers, take plenty of single US dollars with you. A dollar is seen as a very high tip  if handed out correctly will take you from visitor to superstardom!On average I spend 140 days a year in hotels, to say this is among the top hotel experiences I have had is a huge compliment....thank you Westin, you have outdone yourselves! Or as they say in China.....ShiShi  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>FNTraveler
<Content>Great experience due to both attentive Staff and Facility       Westin Beijing Financial Street  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>enric
<Content>Excelente hotel       Entrada al hotel.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	3	2	3	3	

