<Author>Pau109
<Content>Beautiful Hotel The Oberoi in Seminyak, Bali is a beautful hotel and well worth a visit. We have just returned after spending a week there as part of our honeymoon and were very impressed.The rooms are all small bungalow style with thatched roofs. They come with huge comfy double beds, sunken baths, double sinks, TV's and all the mod cons you would expect of a 5 star hotel. The grounds are stunning and well maintained, the staff are amazing and so polite. The hotel is a little worn, but it is the oldest in the region and has a lot more character than any of the others.We paid extra for an Ocean View Lanai room. This really was a waste of money as the view was over the pool area and offered little privacy. The area prior to the sea is slightly raised and hinders any view of the ocean. I would recommend staying in the garden view rooms or if you are loaded, the villas are very nice and have private pools.We also made the mistake of dining in the restaurant. Although the food was out of this world, so was the price. This goes for the bar to. Prices in the hotel are well over inflated and in the region of 4 to 5 times more expensive than up the road in similar good quality restaurants. We only made this mistake once and ate out every night. You can get a decent 3 course meal for two with wine for about 拢30 nearby, but expect to pay about 拢150 in the hotel.I would recommend Reflections for breakfast or cheap evening meal. This is also a great bar with a good atmosphere. It is owned by a British lady who is most hospitable. For finer dining the Junction restaurant and bar is very good.The spa in the hotel is amazing and well worth a visit, but be warned again, a 拢60 massage in the hotel can be gained for about 拢5 just up the road.Be warned also that at the moment there is some building work taking place on the beach. This is out of the way of the hotel but can create some noise and minor disturbance. The beach is also filthy and covered in litter and 'hawkers' (beggars). This was most annoying and we found it a shame that the hotel didn't emply these beggars to perhaps clean the beach.The prices in this hotel have prevented me awarding an Excellent rating, but if you are prepared to pay, then this hotel is well worthy of an excellent rating.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ATraveller11
<Content>Loved the grounds! I found Bali to be full of luxury hotels that were either very expensive or cheap budget hotels. There were a few mid range hotels, but these were fully booked when I tried a month before our holiday. So I decided to splurge on the Oberoi. I found it very expensive, in fact a lot more expensive than the types of hotels I usually stay in. The rooms were individual cottage style, which I personally am not a fan of because it is rather inconvenient. However, grounds were lovely and I loved the old fashioned architecture like the crumbly Balinese statues etc. The atmosphere by the pool/restaurant was lovely, you really enjoyed the sea. Service was impeccable! The staff were so helpful and genuine, and all of them refused tips! Breakfast by the beach is a must. And you need to go to this restaurant called Ku De Ta next door. Very expensive, but food was delicious. I stuffed myself silly with 3 courses and 2 sides!The bathroom was not really designed with functionality in mind, but it looked good.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wel0veh0lidays
<Content>A top class hotel We recently stayed at the Oberoi and we were not disappointed! Having read some of the more negative reviews before travelling we were a little bit concerned that we may have chosen the wrong hotel. However from arrival to departure we had a fantastic time. The staff are geniuinely welcoming and the hotel is set in beautiful grounds. The staff working by the pool area are very attentive. As soon as you select the sun loungers which you wish to use the staff are there laying out your towels and bringing you chilled mineral water and chilled face towels. They also bring sun cream and a chilled sented water spray which is a great way to cool down when the rays get that little too hot! The water is replaced continuously and every so often a little treat appears such as fruit kebabs or a home made ice cream or sorbet.The beach is great too and there is a life guard on duty. The sea has fairly large waves ideal for surfing and body boarding. During our stay we used the body boards and i took a couple of surf lessons (extra cost) which were really good fun and helped to burn a few of the calories off.We also used the spa which was fantastic but expensive. We opted for a couples 2 hr treatment which involved 1/2 hr body scrub, followed by a 90 minute massage which was very good. not something you could afford to do every day!We were a little bit disappointed with breakfast. Although it was good quality we personally prefer a buffet breakfast allowing you to try a little of what ever takes your fancy. Unfortunately this is not available at the Oberoi.We ate at Kura Kura one evening. Again very expensive but the food was very good. Food at the pool side was good with quite a varied selection of foods on offer. We had cocktails at the bar several times and the bar snacks offered are very nice. The olives are great! Again these are not cheap. Overall we felt the food and beverage pices were too expensive. We appreciate it's a 5 star hotel and you get what you pay for but they would do much better reducing the prices a little. A short death defying walk from the hotel is Eat Street, where good food at much cheaper prices is available. Next door to the hotel is Ku De Ta which is a really cool restaurant/bar. A must.The hotel rooms are great especially the comfy beds and sunken bath.We would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel. We had a fantastic holiday.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Flamang
<Content>Fantastic! The Oberoi is a wonderfull hotel! The rooms and grounds are very beautiful, the food is excellent and the service impeccable.I have now idea how some people can dislike this hotel. We highly recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>G-BOAC
<Content>First Class Hotel       Luxury Lanai Bedroom  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>love2travelSingapore
<Content>Hugely disappointing Just returned from the Oberoi, Bali and what a disappointment, The property is old and tired. My room wasn't ready upon arrival, so they parked me in the bar to wait....I ordered a coffee, they didn't even offer to pick up the bill for me for making me wait. The doors on my room are so old that they wouldn't close properly. I actually slept with the doors slightly ajar with a 'cheesy' chainlock! The aircon was never turned on, and I wasn't shown how to use it. Took several calls for someone to come and fix it. And ladies, this is important....there is no air con in the bathroom. So when you're trying to get ready at night to go out, you'll be a sweaty mess. I tried to go to the spa twice, but it was always fully booked....that's because they only have 2 treatment rooms! About the only thing this property has going for it is the location. If you plan to hang out at Ku De Tat and the other trendy places in the neighborhood, then this is right for you. For over US$300 a night, it was a poor experience and terrible value for money. There are SO many other better hotels for the money. Wouldn't recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	1	4	-1	

<Author>lovetravelLA
<Content>Understated Luxury at the Oberoi       pool  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>cburrell
<Content>Wonderful Holiday at the Oberoi       Garden  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	2	5	5	5	

<Author>lornaf56
<Content>Very Special The Oberoi was a very special place to stay to relax, eat, drink, swim and to be free from the hustle and bustle of Kuta and Legian.From the time you arrived you are made to feel that you are the only person staying there, the staff were always there to assist you with travel arrangements, money exchange, bookings for outside restaurants, etc. Even when we were leaving they phoned through to make sure that our transfer to the airport would arrive on time. Everywhere we walked around the gardens or relaxed at the pool, the staff always said hello and gave us first class service. We never had to worry about getting poolside beds they were always available and the staff made them up for us with towels, pillows and drinks.The rooms are traditional and the bathroom was fabulous, plenty of room. The evenings were a little quiet but pre dinner drinks at the bar before setting off were great. All over the grounds of the hotel were immaculate and clean. We were able to walk along the beach each day and not be hassled by any hawkers, the beach was also very clean. We were very happy to stay at the Oberoi and to indulge in the quietness a real change from our lifestyle back home. We intend to go back next year.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>debbie010
<Content>Oberoi - Five star excellence!       Sunbeds with a view!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fleetcat
<Content>Classy Bali The Oberoi is simply lovely. There are criticisms about it not being modern or smart enough and indeed if your definition of 5 star is plastic wicker furniture and lounge music it may not be the venue for you. However there is a fine line between being old and scruffy and classy and elegant - the Oberoi is firmly and unequivocally in the latter category. It has been said it is understated and this is true. The entrance is unassuming and we were a little disappointed at how ordinary the lobby felt. We arrived before check in time but it was no problem to have lunch which was excellent freshly roasted chicken with salad and a glass or two of wine. We had booked a villa with sea view 鈥?the expensive option - as we were on a special trip. Without any hints from us we were upgraded to the Hibiscus Suite which is the nicest room in the hotel. We booked our holiday through Diane Embree ( dianee@michaelstravel.com) - as recommended by other posters on TripAdvisor 鈥?and we suspect the upgrade came as a result of the 鈥淓mbree Effect鈥?. We didn鈥檛 really need or use the second bathroom or the kitchen but the main advantage was the aspect as the room 鈥?while retaining privacy 鈥?overlooked the lovely gardens and on to the ocean simply perfectly. The sala with dining table enjoyed this view and we basically lived there for our entire stay. Thank you Oberoi for this as it gave us so many lovely photos and amazing memories.Breakfast was a treat 鈥?no nasty buffets but everything cooked to order with fantastic choice. There was also plenty of choice for lunch and dinner. Would say the main restaurant was fine but not spectacular however we weren鈥檛 wowed by the food in any of the hotels we stayed in, in Bali, and it stood up to the competition. The secret is to stay simple.The staff were a delight, the gardens a dream, the gym adequate (while small I was there on my own the three times I visited) and the location the best on the beach.On a general note the beach is wide and has crashing waves 鈥?great for surfing 鈥?but it is not the Caribbean or Thailand and is a sporting beach rather than a romantic one. Personally when I left the Oberoi the only thing I was happy about is that my ears were empty again as the ocean really is loud 鈥?this is true of all beachfront hotels on this beach. If you are staying longer term it may be helpful for you to know that it is an easy walk up the beach to Ku Da Te which has all the lounge music you could wish for and excellent food, The Legion which felt very cramped and resort hotel-like compared to the Oberoi but served the most splendid beef carpaccio and hamburger and the Samaya which has plastic wicker furniture till it comes out of your ears and a lovely ambience and great menu (did not eat there).The Oberoi felt like you were in Bali 鈥?in the other places you could have been anywhere.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>bombayteddy
<Content>Still home....       view from lobby-terrace  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>WayneMitchell
<Content>Won't be going again       Beach  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>anoilc
<Content>Oberoi Lomboks poor little sister We stayed at the Oberoi Bali following our stay in the Oberoi Lombok. We were left a little disappointed with it as it really is not in the same league at all as the Oberoi in Lombok. The staff were fab but the rooms are extremely dated and the pool is just tiny and not impressive.The location is fab - as is the beach. We paid a little extra for a seaview room and its not worth it for the view as there is a hill in front of you and you can't see it anyway.However it was convenient for getting to and from the beach and your lounger extremely quickly.We did enjoy our stay there but came to the conclusion that it is getting by on its name and how fab it was probably 10 years ago. I'd return to Bali for sure but not to stay in the Oberoi.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>georgieasnick
<Content>Low key / understated.       Room TV  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>myholidays
<Content>Not worth the money I am loathed to write a bad review about this hotel as it does have its pluses 鈥搉amely the location, setting and staff. However, this was the last hotel we stayed at in Indonesia on our honeymoon and we were disappointed. Having stayed at the sister Oberoi hotel in Lombok, to us this hotel isn鈥檛 even in the same league. You can tell at one point it must have been opulent and luxurious but frankly it now looks a bit tired and slightly shabby. We paid the same price for the Oberoi Lombok as at the Oberoi Bali and whilst the Lombok hotel is most definitely a 5*+ the Bali one felt only like a 3*+.There are lovely elements, like the aforementioned staff, and the reception is grand and beautiful. The setting is also great and enables you to eat out at the many gorgeous restaurants nearby and enjoy fab sunsets on the beach.The main down side was the pool and the rooms which both seemed a bit tired and dated. Considering how far your money can go in Bali 鈥?the Oberoi, for us, lacked any wow factor and we wouldn鈥檛 return.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>picturesque08
<Content>So so Oberoi Seminyak We have just stayed 3 nights at The Oberoi Lombok before we stayed on our last day in Bali at the Oberoi Seminyak. Our impression is that it is not as luxe as its sister hotel in Lombok.The hotel surround and lay out is quite 'nooky', it doesn't have an 'open' feel.We didn't get a chance to use the pool, but when we walked passed it to get to our room, it looked very crammed. The pool isn't very big and it is surrounded by sun lounges and they were all occupied!The Lanai room was good size and quite well laid out. The garden path leading to your rooms are quite lovely and there's a pond and fountain in front of your room which is also quite beautiful. I like that the rooms are all on ground floor, not multi levels.It is a nice hotel, just don't expect the same luxuriousness as the one in Lombok.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Loufox
<Content>Loved it!!!!!!!1 We stayed at The Oberoi for 10 nights back in November 07 and we had an amazing time, the room was great, plenty of space, TV, DVD player, the bathroom was the highlight it was just massive with a lovely sunken bath with an outside in feeling!The staff couldn't do enough to help us, fresh fruit  ice delivered to your room every evening, ice creams, fresh fruit and pizza delivered to your sunbed as you rest by the pool - nothing was too much for them it was a real treat of a holiday!The food in the hotel was great, was only ate there a couple of times as much cheaper outside the hotel but was well worth it for the views and relaxing atmosphere...Overall we just loved Bali and I WILL be going back again....  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Biggin
<Content>Fantsastic Oberoi         
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RobsterGeneva
<Content>The Oberoi is WONDERFUL! My wife and i stayed here for the first few nights of our honeymoon... It's a beautiful place on a lovely strip of Seminyak beach and the service was simply outstanding. I can't praise it highly enough.We had the journey from hell to get there and our baggage was still in Amsterdam (thanks KLM/Air France...!). The hotel was simply amazing at helping us to ensure that our baggage eventually arrived. Once we explained the issue they simply took complete competent control: they made frequent calls to the Garuda baggage office, quickly tracking our bag down, they took photocopies of our documents and sent someone from the Hotel to pick our bags up from Bali airport... within hours of talking to front desk our bags were waiting for us in our room. A lovely surprise when you get back from the beach with the prospect pf no clean clothes to change into... They were incredibly professional and really went the extra mile to help out.The hotel grounds and buildings are beautiful and has a slightly old school feel - very classy and refined without being stuffy. There are some very interesting architectural features in the pool and dining areas and it does feel like it could be a mini ancient temple area that you've discovered vs a hotel. The sun loungers are on a private stretch of beach or by the pool and the whole resort is right by the beach (no dodgy only 5 mins walk to beach that you find in some places). it's a perfect setting.The photos of the rooms on the Oberoi website do not do them justice. They are lovely.Closing thoughts... if you're looking for modern bling (infinity pool, decking, white sofas and Cafe Del Mar playing in the background) then check out the Samaya a km or so down the beach. We had dinner at their Breeze restaurant and it was wonderful. But the Oberoi oozes a different kind of class... it feels more timeless and effortless... we loved it and we can't to visit them again.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rannoun
<Content>Disappointing Given the reviews I read about the Oberoi and the reputation of the chain, I expected excellent and consistent service. We were surprised at the lack of consistency of the service and had a bad experience with the staff's confusion regarding whether breakfast was included in our rate. The management is clearly not doing its job in ensuring consistency and communication amongst the staff. The grounds, however, are beautiful and the location is lovely, however, I think there are better value for money options in Bali.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Moneypenny2008
<Content>Bali High! I too was surpised by the review of the earlier poster as we loved our recent honeymoon stay at the Oberoi Bali!Choosing to spend our money on fine dining rather than an ocean view ( as who needs it when you are always by the pool or on the beach?) we booked a garden Lanai room. Comfortable, traditional and authentic Balinese style and beautiful gardens. Truly, one of the special features of this report is the tranquil and calm atmosphere of the gardens and beautiful beach front; whilst being located minutes from the hustle bustle of Seminyak.The main asset of this hotel is its staff, truly nothing was too much trouble, and they were quietly friendly and efficient , and anticipating all our needs in all our dealings with them; from the local restaurant recommendations ( check out Ku de Ta, and Cafe Warisan), as well as helping us plan our ( admittedly lazy) daily activities, and excellent meals within the hotels restaurants . Despite being frequent travellers; the genuine smiles of the staff from the housekeeping to the concierge to the restaurant waitresses at this hotel were an absolute delight; as it's not something you always see these days. I would recommend this resort to anyone wishing to experience an authentic Balinese hospitality- in fact we loved the Oberoi concept so much that Im now reviewing the Oberoi Lombok for our firts wedding anniversary trip ( a girl can only try) :-).  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AmericaninJkta29
<Content>Oberoi Service is outstanding I saw the previous post and had to write. My husband and I stayed at the Oberoi and it was amazing. We've stayed in many many other Bali hotels, and I have to dispute what this person is saying. The Oberoi service was first rate. We were allowed a later check out....and as soon as we sat out by the pool, within 3-5 minutes, a server came with a complimentary tray of 2 bottles ice cold spring water, an ice cold spray bottle to mist yourself with spring water!, a tube of sunscreen, and two cold, moist perfumed towels decorated with real orchids. The breakfasts were HUGE and I am confused by what the poster wrote....he/she must have gotten a discount rate online, because booking through the hotel with breakfast - that includes your choice of american, continental, or asian breakfasts. I don't think you can fault the hotel for picking a specific package and try to get more than what you paid for, just because you demand it!I wish we could afford to stay there all the time, but at $250/night, it's a bit much for regular Bali-goers. Nothing has compared since!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tris10
<Content>No-beroi       Oberoi Bali ext  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>turnjac
<Content>Tranquil Oberoi My husband and I have just come back from a fabulous week at the Oberoi Hotel. I was a little worried about some of the negative comments i had read but in the end we were very pleased with our choice, It's a beautiful hotel, with fabulous well maintained gardens and it has a tranquil atmosphere, it's also on a great stretch of beach. We stayed in a Deluxe Garden Lanai which was fabulous, our Lanai no 263 was well positioned for the pool and beach. The large bathroom and bath products were exquisite. We had breakfast on our balcony every morning, feeding the birds. The gym was great, overlooking a pond with water lilies. The staff were all extremely pleasant. The extra little touches at the pool and beach area were great, fresh face towels, sunscreen, spritzing water and drinking water were handed out. Little treats were also given out during the course of the day. Every day at 3pm there was a complimentary afternoon tea at the pool area. We did not eat at the hotel, we thought the prices were very expensive but just outside the hotel is Jalan Laksmana (eat street) and there were plenty of choices. All in all a great stay.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>toneer
<Content>Good, but not the best Stayed here on honeymoon early June for 8 nights. The grounds are fabulous and the way the Lanais are spread out really does help give you a sense of privacy. I can only imagine how wonderful the private villas are, but these were way out of our price range!Pros:Very peacefulGrounds were amazingStaff are incredibly pleasant and well meaningLocationMeals were delicious from every restaurant/barroom serviceConsRooms: - the bathroom has full length windows with no cover, so if you go in there after 6am, expect to be whacked with the morning sun! Bed - has a wooden frame all the way around the perimeter making it fairly uncomfortable getting in and out.Cost - as previously mentioned, the bar and restaurant are very expensive compare with prices on the rest of the island - as you'd expect at a high-end resort though, so no suprises there.All in all it was a pleasant stay, but not as good as other 5* stays I've had. The service, though well meaning, just wasnt quite up there with other places we've been. As for the local restaurants, we found Ku De Ta to be all hype and no substance, particularly the food. We loved the Living Room and the view at La Lucciola is wonderful. We didnt even bother sitting down in Made's Warung II - found much better Indonesian food just up the road from the hotel.If you want the best, I'd imagine the Four Seasons or Legian would be the ones to go for. If you want to comprimise slightly, but in return get a comparitively good deal, definitely give the Oberoi a try.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>thedoodlegirl
<Content>Great location, Impressive staff My husband and I stayed at the Oberoi for our honeymoon in late May , early June 2008. We live in Jersey City, NJ and work in NYC, so location is the most important factor to us. A FEW PROS:~ Located next to Ku De Ta restaurant/bar/club and a 3 min taxi ride to La Lucciola, Living Room, and other great restaurants. If you want you can walk down 'eat street'.~ Pool attendants don't let you lift a finger. They bring out complimentary water as you settle in, offer to clean your sunglasses, and offer poolside snacks. Boogie boards by the lifeguard stand for complimentary use.~ Kuta is a five minute walk down the beach. We were able to take surf lessons at Ripcurl Surf School~ (3) new computers for guest use~ We hired a driver to take us to the hotel from the airport. The English speaking driver met us at the airport - accompanied by a hotel staffer, who traveled to the airport just to welcome us to Bali. We hired other drivers there and all were equally friendly.~ The food was pretty good - although be sure to travel away from the resort as there are a plethora of delicious restaurants in the area.CON:~ Hotel Bar - overpriced by Bali standards. A beer (Bintang) is 45,000 rupiah, compared to the 15,000 at other locations.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ellelle
<Content>Serenity in Bali I recently returned from a five-night stay at The Oberoi in Seminyak, Bali. When I was conducting research into Bali, I had narrowed my search down to five properties. My travel agent has traveled to Bali many times and she strongly recommended The Oberoi. I now understand why. The first and lasting impression about The Oberoi is its serenity and tranquility. The property is beautifully laid out over several acres and there are no structures that are higher than one floor. The villas are spread out over the property and each guest has a private entrance from the gardens into their room or villa. Each and every member of the staff, regardless of their job, made guest satisfaction the most critical part of their job. I was so impressed that every single employee would greet me, no matter what they were doing...and the greeting was more than a passing hello. It was an acknowledgement that you were a guest. They would greet you formally, bow, and enter into prayer pose. The pool and adjacent amphitheatre were fabulous. As soon as you were settled into your chaisse lounge by the pool or beach, one of the attendants would bring you (on a tray) a bottle of water, sunscreen, a mist, and a cold washcloth. During the course of the day, they would surprise you with an amuse bouche such as a fruit kabob, ice cream, or salty snack. I would close by making one observation and one recommendation. My observation is that not very many of the villas have a beach-facing view. I am not sure why the architects thought that was wise but it is so. The Oberoi is a great place for a quiet, relaxing, restorative holiday. It is not noisy and never felt crowded even though they were at 92% occupancy when I was there. I traveled there alone and did not need to engage in even one conversation. Most guests were couples and families.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>markandlan
<Content>Wonderul hotel and staff We have just returned from a 12 night stay at the Oberoi Bali and cannot praise it highly enough. Throughout our stay we felt well looked after and valued.The setting is beautiful, the hotel itself wonderfully quiet calm and relaxing and the staff and attention to detail truly wonderful. We stayed in a garden view lanai towards the back of the hotel and whilst this is the standard room type it was a good size, fully equipped and well maintained. With nice little touches. The veranda area felt private and we didn鈥檛 have any reservations about sitting out in our robes for morning coffee. We even had a pair of birds we fed fresh fruit to each morning!! Our stay was from 9th June to 21st June and during the second week I believe the hotel was fully booked. The public areas never felt overly busy and there was always a high ratio of staff to guests, plenty of sunbeds to choose from around the pool and on the beach. The majority of the guests were young to middle aged couples although there were a few families with young children. We stayed on a room only basis so ate and drank at various places throughout our stay. The food and cocktails served in the hotel were great if a little pricey in comparison to other bars and restaurants a short walk away, however, unlike in other hotels we have stayed at (eg Anantara Spa, Koh Samui) we did not feel that we were being totally ripped off by paying the hotel prices, the standard and quality was definitely superior. We would opt for the bed and breakfast option next time though as the Oberoi breakfast was mammoth and the views from restaurant wonderful!The location was good for us 鈥?slightly off the main drag, a good range of restaurants within a 10 minute walk from the hotel and next door to Ku De Te which is an experience for breakfast (good value) or dinner (expensive)! We were a taxi ride away from Kuta which 鈥?for the Brits reading this 鈥?resembled Magaluf, we only visited once! We would definitely recommend this hotel for those valuing peace and quite, good service and excellent quality.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SiWoking
<Content>One of the best I've just returned from Bali having spent 2 weeks at the Oberoi and have to say it's probably the best hotel i've ever stayed in. Having read some of the previous reviews on this site we were looking forward to the trip but also slightly apprehensive as to the odd reference to old fashioned and traditional. I'm pleased to say that we should not have worried - the hotel is not furnished in an ultra modern style (wouldn't want it to be) but it is beautifully designed and maintained. As you enter the main gate the views of the perfectly maintained gardens gives you the feeling that you are going to be staying somewhere special. As well described in other reviews, the attention to detail is perfect, from the initial welcome with a necklace of flowers through to the room service, nothing seems to be too much trouble. We stayed in a Garden Lania, these rooms are top spec -large bed, nice seating area with sofas and a very grand bathroom with its own walled off garden space outside. Cannot recommend this place enough.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveltonsEdmonton
<Content>Perfect! This hotel was everything we were looking for. Amazing room, pool, beach and shopping/spas nearby.Would definitely go back.The only bad thing I could say is that the rooms were a little expensive (230/night) and the restaurant was as well. Breakfast was included though and there were a lot of cheap restaurants nearby.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>profgjay
<Content>Best on Bali Beach       Sunset  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ashton_dave
<Content>Perfect place for Honeymooners We stayed at the Oberoi for two weeks in October, as our Honeymoon, and enjoyed every minute of it. It really is a fantastic Hotel, who did everything they could to make it perfect for us.The hotel staff were friendly, and most helpful, but never over the top, they simply couldn't do enough for you, if you wanted anything from fresh milk, water, drinks, food all you do is call reception and there would be someone at the door within minutes with whatever you requested! The location was perfect to go into town using the free transport, but far enough away from the hustle and bustle of seminyak, the beaches were amazing, food excellent with some of the finest restaurants you could hope for. We ate at loads of places upon recommendation from the hotel and guests and ate like kings every night - most places gave us free drinks, or a cake dues to being newlyweds, the hotel left gifts in our room every night for the 1st 6 nights such as a cake, teddy, rose petals, and they even gave us a free meal at the restaurant in the hotel. our air con packed in twice - so on the last night they moved us to one of the best lanai's in the hotel!!... that really was a nice touch - fantastic room!... the gym was well equiped, and the massage there was out of this world. I cant recommend this hotel highly enough. we ate at the hotel a lot for lunch, and drank a LOT!.. but the bill at the end was surprisingly small for the drinks and food!... only shame was in the 2nd week a few families arrived with children, who then make loads of noise in and around the pool which was a shame, it was obviously aimed at newlyweds so would have been nice if the kids were there causing havoc!a tour up to the volcano is highly recommended!  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>halloul23
<Content>Honeymooners hotel       Hotel's Garden  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Meathman
<Content>Tranquil Bliss Stayed here on the second leg of our honeymoon and would go back tomorrow given half the chance!The Oberio is set on the beach at Seminyak which is about 10 minutes drive from Kuta. The setting is soooo peaceful and the hotel itself is set out in a village style on the beach.The rooms are little huts which could do with updating and some renovation but still have great beds and lovely bathrooms.The staff make the place. The level of service and friendliness has yet to be surpassed on my travlels and I guess is what you pay for.The bar is nice but hugely overpriced and suffered as a consequence with few frequenting it. Likelwise the restaurant was excellent but very expensive and normally only had one or two other couples eating there.I would return for the service but get the feeling this is more a Bali thing than an Oberoi trait and that similar would have been found in any of the 5 star hotels nearby but I'll give them the beniifit of doubt and would recommend this place for anyone going there on honeymoon or to relax!  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ReddersTL
<Content>Definitely the Oberoi!!! We went to the Oberoi in Bali for our honeymoon and got back about 2 weeks ago. The Oberoi is cultural and traditional yet modern. The grounds are perfectly kept. Lush green gardens and set right on the beach. We had a garden lanai room which has ample room, a big, high bed and an amazing bathroom! From the sunken bath to the shower, which opens on to an enclosed open air area all made of marble. The staff are so lovely. We were privileged to have met the manager who speaks perfect English and is very knowledgeable about the island. He and the rest of the staff ensured that we were treated like absolute royalty from the minute we got there, from beside the pool to the room service. By the pool, your sunglasses are cleaned, you are given cold towels and cold water, free ice cream and little slices of pizza. Tea and cakes are put on everyday in the afternoon. It was perfect. And to add to this, the manager offered us an Oberoi transfer for a night to the neighbouring island Lombok, so that we could experience another Oberoi and it鈥檚 location. (see separate review) Idyllic! The food in the restaurant was absolutely amazing but expensive. However there is an abundance of surrounding bars and restaurants, which are very cheap and have great food. We are so glad we chose the Oberoi for our honeymoon, because a little bit of royal treatment and being made to feel like you鈥檙e the only ones there is so satisfying. We鈥檇 recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lynton1
<Content>Oberoi - very very good Having stayed in first class hotels across the world our choice in Bali came down to either the Legion or the Oberoi because both are in Seminyak which has to be the best area in Bali - good hotels, shops, surfing and restaurantsWe chose the Oberoi not only because it was significantly cheaper than the Legion but because it appeared to exude style. We weren't disappointed. To the immediate right of the hotel is Ku De Ta then the Legion and to the left The Sofitel. The beach in front of the Oberoi is as good as it gets on Bali which, by the way, is not the soft white stuff one finds in the Maldives and Seychelles. Having said that the Oberoi beach is kept in mint condition during the day. The beaches to the right and left are not - especially the beach outside the Sofitel.The Oberoi is traditionally designed on a beautiful site with all buildings on one level in immaculate gadrens. The Sofitel is multi story as is the Legion. The Oberoi rooms are delightful with all one could wish - marble bathrooms, TV with 20 odd satellite channels, very comfortable beds, plenty of space, a safe, free newspaers delivered to the room etc etc. Just one point here - don't bother with the extra cost of a sea view room as in front of the sea view rooms there is a raised grassed mound which means if one is sitting outside the room one can only just see the sea - one has to stand up to get a real sea view.The staff are wonderful - polite, gracious, on the ball, informed - nothing is ever too much trouble.Breakfast is excellent although like many others one would have preferred to have a buffet breakfast but I guess this is not possible due to the three types/cost of breakfasts on offer. Dinner at Oberoi's restaurant is first class with attendant first class service. During the day one is served complimentary fruit, pizza squares, sorbets and an ace tea with cakes.Another great thing about the Oberoi was there were no English football shirts, tatoos, sleveless vests or ill manered kids to be seen. Local restaurants? In Seminyak there are many many. Here's what we experienced (group of five well travelled people's collective thoughts)Lemon Tree (Thai). Very very good food, good service, boring interior, inexpensiveUltimo (Italian). Everyone raves about this place and I guess they are seduced by the interior which is large, stylish, a hive of activity with good service but very ordinary food - I think they survive on the extrinsics rather than the food, medium price. Wouldn't go againLiving Room (Asian/French)). Great interior, great service, great food - expensive'ishMades Waring (everything). Great buzz, lots of people, inside and outside dining, average service, less than average food - disappointingKu De Ta - dining. Great service, teriffic vibe, loads of young people, excellent food and great atmosphere - expensive'ish but actually value for moneyKu De Ta - mezze. Fab. Great choice, great food, table above the waves, fantastic lighting up to 200m out to sea. Value for moneyDouble Six. Arrived at 8.30. The place was empty. We were told it would open later. No one around to check with.Gado Gado. On the beach but not a great stretch of beach. I checked it out at lunch time. It looked very ordinary.Oberoi. Brilliant service, very very good food but a wee bit precious/poncey, expensive wine - all in all good but expensive but I should add that we had a complimentary dinner for which we were most gratefulAll in all Bali and the Oberoi in particular are wonderful. The sea is warm as are the people, The hotel, the service, the position and their obvious objective of making their guests happy make the Oberoi a 'must do' destination.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DMJ110979
<Content>Honeymoon Bliss       Honeymoon boudoir  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelBug79
<Content>The best choice in Seminyak This holiday took place over late March 2008 for 4 nights and was for two adults only in their late twenties.We were booked into another hotel but we were not happy there. We decided to go and have lunch at the Oberoi and upon arrival, we knew we needed to check in there and check out of the other accommodation. We did not regret this move for one minute during the rest of our stay in Seminyak.We did not have the most desirable villa which is to be expected when one simply shows up and hopes to be accommodated at such short notice. However I was not fussed. Luxury Garden Villa 201 is close to the road so in the early morning, we were woken up by a very rude rooster from next door's yard and the traffic from the main road coming into and out of the hotel's driveway. Note that the hotel is also under the flight path and you will hear planes from time to time. I do not really have any complaints about the villa which is highly unusual for me as I am fussy and can normally find fault with something. In this case, it would only be the location of the villa (being by the road) but not actually the villa itself. Being a garden villa, there is a delightful patio out the back and one will see a variety of birds, plenty of squirrels and butterfiles. If you have a green thumb, this hotel is most certainly the right choice for you as the gardens are simply magnificent and the foilage has matured over quite some time to result in a stunning array of flowers and bushes. The grounds of the Oberoi are absolutely beautiful and such a welcome respite from the traffic, noise, and dirt from outside. One other thing to note about the location of the 201 villa, is that, since it has no pool, it is not fully surrounded by high walls and people can see into this particular villa if they happen to walk past and you have your back sliding doors open to the patio. I needed to close these doors each time I had a shower and wanted to run back into the bedroom from the bathroom. The Oberoi Garden Crew (aka the gardeners) will be active in the garden all day, and they too, can see right into this villa if they are attending to the bushes outside this villa.The Oberoi has the best stretch of beach along Seminyak. The other hotels like the Samaya and the Legian do not have a nice stretch of beach at all. Dirty, small......and smelly!!Service at the Oberoi is flawless and the food excellent. Other notes on dining in Seminyak:We very much enjoyed Kafe Warisan for French food outside the hotel. The food itself, as well as the ambience and the service were outstanding. The Hu'u Bar and Nutmeg restaurant had a stunning ambience in amongest the candles and the food was quite good but not in the same league as Kafe Warisan. We were very disappointed with La Lucciola. We found the food to be very average to say the least and it was overrun with screaming kids when we were there. As for Ku de Ta......we enjoyed the food very much, it was great actually, but since we had heard so much about it being THE place to go, we were expecting this rather 'cool' and sophisticated atmosphere and crowd. Instead we felt it was a bit of a circus. Some people had clearly come in right from the beach in their swimming costumes with wet hair for dinner!! We felt we were the only ones who had fished out a decent dress and nice shirt to look respectable. Very disappointing as it could have been so nice but we felt it was so overrated and nothing special. There were so many people walking in and out constanly from inside to outside, and others were simply popping in just for a photo then leaving. It was too crowded to really be enjoyed for dinner. Shame, because my chicken leg was very good. Perhaps just have a cocktail there to watch the sunset with and then pop off elsewhere. I preferred the ambience at the Hu'u Bar. The Breeze restaurant at the Samaya was also very enjoyable. Book a table outside and if that is full then go for the tables by the pool. Service was a little confused, but the stunning ambience by the pools made up for it and the food was quite good.I know there are many more reviews on here about the Oberoi so I might close now. Overall we had a lovely stay and I will miss the Oberoi. It comes highly recommended from me and I hope to try their other hotels in the future.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DebJD
<Content>Its OK...but Stayed 7 nights ending 23 March 08. Well travelled mid age Aussie couple. Summary: The Oberoi Bali is ok, but only that. You can do much better for what is a top dollar proposition. (i.e we stuffed up mildly!). The staff are great. The setting is great. The standard rooms (called Lanais) are - for the $ - only just 'ok'. Most are garden view and some actually face walls! Some ocean view lanais lack privacy. These rooms - like the whole establishment - are a tad on the tired side, with stupid beds and awkward sunken baths. The villas are as usual a different world altogether....if you must stay there be in a villa. The breakfast setting and food/service was good; the main restuarant service  food was excellent and expensive. Heaps of good quality  value eateries and shops within minutes for ~$2 taxi fares in any event. The clientele were a mixed bunch (nationality, age,  sexual preference) but no sweaty secretaries from Birmingham thanks be. Nice little gym, 3 terminal free internet room, pool is tired  basic (what no swim up bar!?), boogie boards for low beach surf and thats about it mate.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>gijsl
<Content>old fashioned luxury Stayed in this hotel after fleeing from the philipines because of the rain. Did not do any checking of the hotel since it was a last minute thing but thought that it being an Oberoi it would be fine.And indeed it is a great place, no over the top luxury rooms, old fashioned tv's, no trendy interior etc. as you have in soo many of the resorts nowadays but overall feeling of old fashioned luxury and service. Great gardens, lovely swimming pool, very good Spa (book in advance) and small but fine gym. Service was fantastic as you would expect, but you never know. Did not have dinner in the restaurant since we like to go out and see other places as wel, especially with so many nice restaurants in the area (La Luciola, Gado Gado, Ku De Ta, Living Room, Warisan, Hu'u etc.) but lunch and breakfast was very good.Location is amazing with so many resorts not having direct beach acces, besides it is on a great part of the beach.Loved our stay, will probably not go back there since we always like to try new places/destinations but this is one that could break that habit  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Wotski
<Content>Reasons to be cheerful... We stayed for 12 nights at the Oberoi this February. The hotel and staff consistently exceeded our expectations.Rooms are all bungalows of varying size and location around the spacious gardens, all adequately proportioned and kept spotless by the cleaning staff.All meals at the hotel are superb and the waiting staff skillfully tread the fine line of service being attentive but not intrusive.The hotal has the best beach frontage in the area, with plenty of sand between the resort and the sea. This is really highlighted if you take a walk along the coast to the other nearby resorts (Samaya and Legion specifically) which have virtually no beach and appear crammed onto the seafront.Some reviewers have highlighted the age of the resort as a negative; from our experience this isn't an appropriate criticism as the grounds are mature and beautifully maintained which just serves to add to the lovely character of the place.The only pointer for potential visitors would be to ensure you take the half-board option, as it saves a big wedge of cash when eating at the restaurant (which is a must).  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TimmyTraveller
<Content>Unbeatable in Bali We stayed at the Oberoi Bali a couple of weeks ago and it was simply wonderful. We have stayed at a number of Oberois now and have found them all to be excellent, but the skill and sophistication of the staff in Bali was really something. The difference here is that things happen every day which just exceed your expectations and leave you feeling really special. It might be anything from a flower arrangement for your wedding anniversary to the wrapping of an delicate item for your trip home - it's just done with such care and panache that you feel completely and utterly spoiled the whole time. We had a private villa after the hotel very kindly upgraded us on our arrival from Lombok (see separate review) and everything was lovely. I am extremely picky and I have decided not to go to places in the past because of one bad review on these pages, so believe me when I say how good this hotel is (and the Oberoi Lombok too) - I really mean it. The weather wasn't brilliant, it being the rainy season, but there always seemed to be something to do.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>katsdublin
<Content>Heaven on Earth This place is truly amazing, possibly the best place I have stayed! From the moment we arrived to the moment we left there was no one thing I would have wanted to change! We were greeted on arrival with a chilled juioce and a Franigani Necklace......and very efficent staff who could not do enough for us during our stay. Breakfast was possibly be the best I've ever had on the verge of the beach. Complex comprises of low rise individual villas, varying in size. We ate at the restaurant one night and again can highly recommend it. If you need a change of scene the Ku De Ta bar next door provides nice food, but quite expensive. You could just have a brink there, by night the sea is flood light, very dramatic.......Enjoy if you get there  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelfashionista
<Content>Loved Oberoi in Seminyak I was originally booked by my travel agent in a property down the beach. When I passed the Oberoi, however, I realised I had been cheated. I immediately went to the front desk and booked myself in. I never regretted it. The Oberoi Seminyak is more traditional and conventional than some of the more design hotels on the beach -- which I usually prefer. But what I do like about this hotel is its absolue lack of pretention, the simplicity and classic elegance. It's light yet simple d茅cor focuses on quality and comfort, which is perfect after a long flight. it is also on the end of a stretch of very crowded, popular beach, and has the best beach chairs and umbrellas. I loved it. Sure, Bulgari and Nusa Dua and others are down the beach, and I checked them all out. I love a good hotel and am happy to splurge on my holidays. But this has a particular steady charm the others dont. If I want to stay at a trendy property, I would stay at my own private villa in town (I found one, but won't tell you where), which comes with its own private pool. Now THAT's cool. But if I want to be pampered on the beach, this is the hotel. I always kick off my stay at this hotel which provides a reliable soft landing. From here, I move on to the ultra modern sophisticated hotels in Ubud, or chill out in one of my remote Villa finds elsewhere (my secrets), but this property never lets me down. Minutes by taxi anywhere in Seminyak, if you can be bothered to leave.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ediggidy
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed here in December during an awful rain storm. However, the room was wonderful, food was great and the hotel was just well run. An example-- during a break in the rain, a bunch of people were leaving the hotel to head out. It ends up they put us with the wrong driver due to the rush. The driver was very nice and so was the car. Nonetheless, the hotel did not charge us and apologized twice. The front desk was great at helping with dinner and excursions. Although the first top hotel in Bali, it does not feel dated. Free computer room, nice gym, nice pool and the room was perfect. The location is great, on the beach and walking distance to the shops of Seminayak. Would stay here again in a heart beat.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>telmacbrit
<Content>Idyllic and Relaxing We spent 2 nights here at the start of our Honeymoon in October after our wedding in Kuala Lumpur. From the airport pickup to checkout, we couldn't have asked for a better start.We arranged for the hotel to collect us from the airport. The car was waiting with iced towels and bottled water, which was most welcome after the busy flight from KL. Upon arriving at the property, we felt like royalty. We were given orchid leys and guided to some armchairs on the veranda overlooking the sea. This is not your average check in process. One of the staff then escorted us to our private villa, making sure to point out the amenities such as the restaurants, pools and spa. The villa was amazing, with it's huge private pool and outdoor dining area. Inside was a nicely decorated bedroom and huge bathroom.The only problem was mosquitos. Leaving the door open for even a minute lets in hundreds of them. We ended up having to ask housekeeping for extra coils and bug spray to keep them under control. But to be honest, once they were gone, it did not detract from the experience at all.We had dinner at the restaurant on one of the nights. It's expensive, but the service is impeccable. The next night we made reservations for the Kecak dance being held at the amphitheatre on site. The reservation was actually for a barbecue buffet, with the table set up around the edge of the theatre. It was a sublime way to see the show.Breakfasts were at the cafe onsite too. The cafe overlooks the beach and is a nice way to start the day.On one day, we ventured out of the complex. We tried walking to shopping areas of seminyak, but after only a short distance, the heat and sun got to us and we flagged down a taxi. Luckily they are plentiful around Seminyak. Things are definitely cheaper outside, especially food. If we had more time, we would have liked to have gone out to some of the restaurants nearby.Definitely a great honeymoon spot. It never felt crowded, and the staff were all very friendly.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Grubber22
<Content>Awesome We started off our honeymoon with a four day stay at the Oberoi after arriving from the U.S. via Singapore. We were immediately upgraded to a bigger villa with a pool that was much bigger than your standard plunge pool. Tremendous villa. The hotel far exceeded our expectation and compares very favorably to the Four Season Sayan in Ubud where we spent the next four days. The breakfast was outstanding and the Balinese selections (while pricey for Bali) were terrific along with the hot pot of coffee. The grounds were immaculate and the smiling faces so welcoming. Nearby restaurants are plentiful if you want to try those. We found The Living Room to be very average but loved the Frangipani Bar at the La Lucciola restaurant to be a place I could hang all evening. In addition, Ku De Ta next door to the Oberoi was a top notch club/bar. Don't hesitate staying at the Oberoi though it is 30 years old. It's a SLH (Small Luxury Hotel of the World) and that says a lot. See my Four Seasons Sayan review for the next portion of the trip.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lilly6
<Content>gorgeous Oberoi       Sunset at Ulluwattu  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oztraveller123
<Content>Always outstanding Our fourth stay (for our 10th anniversay), our third in a hard to beat ocean view private pool villa with beach view across the lawns from the front terrace and a large truly private Balinese pool in the rear along with a raised dining deck with views to the ocean. Each villa and its surrounding walls are beautifully built of coral with a very royal Balinese style and feel. It may be 30 years old but you'd never know it as it is maintained in pristine condition, we think it is the most under rated of the 5+ star hotels in Bali and we have stayed at most. It is unassuming and understated from the road but once inside it is just a wonderful haven with personal service at your fingertips. Service is not frenetic and over the top like the Ritz Carlton it is just unobtrusively there when and as you want it. The beachfront breakfast is a highlight as is the fine dining restaurant. You can walk out into Seminyak to cheap eating if you want  the hip Ku de Ta is next door etc. Granted it is not cheap but by comparison it offers fantastic luxury, quality  value against the others. We went onto the serene Oberoi Lombok for a second stay (see our review) then back to the Ritz Carlton in Bali for a couple of days (huge, isolated from Jimbaran so you are captive, expensive, and nice enough but definitely not in the same class as the Oberois).  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mizzgem
<Content>A really lovely hotel This was our 9th visit to Bali and our first to Seminyak. The Oberoi is a lovely classy hotel with an old fashioned feel. I enjoyed having my sunglasses cleaned each day! We were surprised on arrival to be told we were entilted to a free buffet meal with Balinese dancing - we went to the Barbecue buffet and it was one of the best buffets ever - the quality of the food was exceptional (I had to try 3 different desserts!). The hotel restaurant was very expensive and a bottle of wine was about 拢40 minimum so we ate in Seminyak at night (the Greek restaurant was very lively). Alternatively the restaurant 5 minutes along the beach - Gado Gado - has exceptional food at both lunch and dinner (different menus at each) and you can take your own wine - bought at very reasonable prices from the wine shop in Seminyak - and pay corkage. The horse riding on the beach was fantastic. Be warned about swimming in the sea though - there are serious rip tides. People were ignoring the warning flags and swimming anyway and sadly we saw 2 people drown.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>goiltraveler
<Content>Fantastic Stay... Minakshi  My husband and I have just come back from a wonderful holiday ( 6 nights ) at Oberoi Bali to celebrate our 25th anniversary. The Oberoi hospitality is not unknown to us but this place overshadowed the others. Since the time we entered the gates till the time of departure , we felt truly welcome all the time. We have travelled globally and I must confess that we could not find any fault during our stay. We rented an ocean view villa ( without pool ) which was a fantastic place to stay . The whole place has been built in traditional Balinese architecture which was a good change. A very special mention to the staff , always friendly , pleasant and hard working and always remembered to address us by name. The restaurants , poolside etc. is all overlooking the ocean . Had superb breakfast every morning. Had a wonderful surprise Romantic dinner on the beach as a gift from our children but ofcourse with the help of the hotel. Situated on the Seminyak beach ,there are lots of interesting restaurants closeby serving the international cuisine. A must go place ....  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>guydebalham
<Content>Sophisticated and elegant Stayed at the Oberoi as part of our honeymoon for 5 nights in August. Great hotel - very classy but understated. We would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Finchley_7
<Content>The Oberoi is amazing!! We chose to spend 10 nights at the Oberoi for our honeymoon at the beginning of september and all I can say is... WOW!! The hotel is amazing, the rooms are great, the staff are fantastic and the location is perfect. There really wasn't anything we could fault about the hotel, everything was superb, the grounds are imaculate and the service is great - the only thing we cannot comment on is the restaurant. We chose not to eat at the hotel as it was very expensive and in all honsety there are so many fantastic resturants just a short walk or taxi ride away that we just wanted to try somewhere different everynight! There are plently of resturants to choose from in the area and they are just so cheap! We are in our mid twenty's and were probably the youngest couple at the hotel, it is very relaxing and quiet and not at all crowded. If however you like a bit of nightlife then it is just a 15 minute taxi ride away in Kutah. We spent our saturday night there and although the area is alot more commercial there are lots of bars/clubs to choose from. Overall we had a fantastic honeymoon, wouldn't have changed a thing... can't wait to go back one day!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SoloTravellerLondon
<Content>Opulent Luxury I have just spent 5 nights at this wonderful hotel, and absolutely loved it. The rooms are superb, clean and very traditional - I especially loved the bathroom, and couldn't choose which to use, the sunken bath or the shower, so used the both. All the staff are wonderful, and I loved having my sunglasses cleaned by the pool, and the complimentary fruit and ice creams throughout the day. The restaurants are great, and breakfast at the Frangipani Cafe is a wonderful experience, with a superb choice of fruits, eggs, wonderful coffee and too much choice. Location is wonderful, with some great restaurants nearby. The Living Room and Ku De Ta are especially good, but don't miss a meal in the a la carte restaurant at the hotel. I could not fault this hotel, and would definitely go back again. We stayed at the Oberoi in Cairo last year, and absolutely loved the experience there too, as the Oberoi Group are synonomous with excellence. An absolute treat.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>battersaweib
<Content>Absolutely Beautiful hotel We just came back from a 8 day stay at the Oberoi Bali and I have to say that it was probably one of the best vacation in my whole life. The hotel staff was incredibly helpful and friendly, from the gentleman who picked us up at the airport to the concierge who arranged our departure. The size of the hotel is perfect and was not over-crowded, and there was no problem getting sunbeds by the pool or the beach each day. They even provided chilled water, sunscreen, cool towels, and ice-creams complimentary! We would definitely recommend the Oberoi, and will not hesitate to stay here again when we next return to Bali.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MD11
<Content>The BEST Hotel I have ever stayed at!       The private pool  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pugwash4x4
<Content>Absolutely world class relaxation Neither my girlfriend or I could fault the Oberoi for the 13 days we stayed there. Our memories remain of the most amazing hoilday (from quite a list) we have ever had. Things we loved: Staff- invariably gracious, friendly, hard working open and pleasant. Could not have been nicer. Service- Absolutely perfect- neither other the top nor understated- that perfect point between the twoHotel- Rooms were beautiful and very very comfy. Barthrooms were just as you'd expect. We got a free upgrade after 3 days to a pool villa which are heartily recommended- these are truly beautifl villas. Breakfast outside your room is well worth it.Food- the only downer was the price of food- hotel prices are roughly equivalent to Uk prices (and the food is excellent so it would be a bargain) were it not for the food prices in Kuta being 1/10 of the hotel. Breakfast is well worth it though if you get a b'n'b rate. take a driver into town whenevr you need it and when you find one you like (we used a extremely friendly guy called wayan) boook him direct for a days drive- shoudln't cost much more than 拢15-拢20 for the whole day.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Bert-Fred
<Content>Yes, indeed, it's wonderful After web-browsing for places to stay in Seminyak (anyone looking at this site knows the drill ... Will it be like the photos? Does charming mean the same thing in Seminyak as it does in Western real-estate-speak? How much is 1 million rupiah exactly?), I stretched the credit card a little and booked a villa (luxury villa ocean view, no pool to be precise) at the Oberoi. I did this through their website where, for some reason, I could get the villa under some package or another for over USD200 less than the rack rate (although, to be honest, I'm not really sure what rack rate means, probably the price no-one ever pays). Even under the deal, the rate was a little (but not a lot) steeper than I'd wear normally, but my girlfriend and I were in dire need of a holiday, and, for reasons relating to overseas work commitments, Bali, thank god, was the best location for our wee rest.Thank God indeed. We had a wonderfully relaxing 5 days. The Oberoi is right on the beach. It's quiet, except for the waves. The staff are professional, courteous and good at their job. The villas and lanais are older, balinese-style, but are well kept up and fit into the landscape, unlike the brutalist holiday architecture of The Legian, Sofitel etc. The gardens are glorious. The continental breakfasts (part of the deal) included fruit platters  juice, museli/yoghurt, pastries, coffee/tea (i.e. something more than a dry croissant and a cup of weak coffee). The bales and reclined chairs around the pool and next to the beach are perfect for lazing, reading, sleeping ... I mostly did the latter. And you get the towels, chilled water, sunscreen, fruit, sorbet, sunglass cleaning, boogie/surf boards etc that other reviews have noted. And the vibe was relaxed and friendly. In short, the whole place just ... works. It just does what it does extremely well and with a minimum of fuss and we loved it.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Manon34
<Content>Honeymoon in Oberoi We have just come back from a fantastic honeymoon in Bali, we stayed for 8 days at the Oberoi and cannot fault it. As some of the other reviewers have said it is a bit older than many of the hotels in Bali but in my opinion that just adds to its charm. The setting is fantastic.We had a garden view villa with private pool. The pool was a great size, far larger than we had imagined. We were greated with champagne and chocolate cake in our villa on our arrival. The service was faultless throughout our stay, nothing was too much trouble for the fantastic staff. We tended to eat out in Seminyak most nights at a variety of amazing restaurants and the hotel concierge was more than happy to book these for us and never pressured us to eat in the hotel if we didn't want to.The drinks at the Oberoi are expensive as are the breakfasts and occasionally we had breakfast at Ku De Ta next door for a change of scenery and a cheaper meal!I would highly recommend this hotel for a romantic break and especially honeymoon.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Mazworldtraveller
<Content>Wonderful stay Beautiful hotel, extremely well located, absolutely stunning vista on the beach.We enjoyed every minute at the Oberoi Seminyak. Seminyak in itself is really interesting and vibrant place with lots of little restaurants and places to go to.We stayed here for our honeymoon, we thoroughly enjoyed it. It is perhaps not the coolest hotel we stayed at (Hotel is not brand new so deco is a bit more traditional than other places we stayed at in Bali). However what it lacks for in terms of edginess and cool , it makes up for it with warmth, comfort and service!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Phil+Katie
<Content>Heaven on Earth       by the beach  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>northern_rose34
<Content>Paradise       View of beautiful gardens  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>philcarter
<Content>A piece of paradise We stayed at the Oberoi from Monday night to Friday night during the week after the U.S. Memorial Day holiday. It was absolutely outstanding in nearly every respect. The hotel staff was incredibly courteous and helpful, from the gentleman who picked us up at the airport to the concierge who arranged our departure. We loved our ocean-view lanai, which felt luxurious by U.S. standards and had an incredibly wonderful, peaceful, romantic feel to it. One tiny quibble was that the wifi/internet was expensive, and not that easy to use, but who really wants to surf the net when you're in Bali? The Oberoi pool and beachfront is fantastic -- the kind of place you can lie for hours (we did) and enjoy their drinks and food. The Oberoi sits on one of Bali's most fabled beaches, and it is quite spectacular. Definintely try to attend one of the dances or performances they put on -- they're well-done and fun. We also took advantage of the Oberoi Spa for a couple of treatments and a yoga class, and used the gym there as well. All were first-rate. We also booked a tour of Ubud through the hotel which wasn't that great; next time, we'll book our own cab and explore on our own. The restaurant was excellent too, especially the breakfasts and lunches, although don't forget to walk around Seminyak to try some of the other places. Bottom line -- you will have an unforgettable and luxurious vacation if you stay at the Oberoi.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Purim
<Content>Impressive in all ways We stayed at the Oberoi in Bali for 5 nights before heading up to UmaUbud for 6 nights. Excited as we were to head up to Ubud after our stay here we were truly sad to leave this oasis of calm and luxury. We chose this hotel because it was right on the beach, was not a large US type hotel and because all rooms where in villas and cottages. All this we got, and more. Some criticise the hotel for being an old hotel, but the result of its age was that the cottages and villas really blend in perfectly with the gardens. Our Garden Lanai was perfectly located and the ever so friendly staffwere overly accomodating in bringing extra coffee and fruit to our room and were just generally very happy to help. Everything in the oberoi is done with a smile and this makes for a really pleasant time. We pretty much did everything the hotel had to offer. The spa treatment rooms where calming and the treatments just great. Food wasreally high quality, although cocktails were on the expensive side. For a birthday, the Oberoi provided a 'romantic dinner' on the beach that was just perfect. If there were any complaints, perhaps I would say that the shower/bath water was never that hot and the shower pressure a little weak. But these things are livable when everthing else is so perfect and luxurious. We would heartily recommend the Oberoi - I cannot imagine any beach resort on the island comparable to the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>petekendall
<Content>Greta hotel My wife and I went to The Oberoi 2 weeks ago and it was probably the nicest experience we ever had. After hours of travelling, we were exhausted but as soon as we arrived at the hotel, we felt completely relaxed and comfortable. We were warmly welcomed, made us feeling like home already. The attention to details was stunning; they even come to clean your sunglasses at the pool鈥?I had the best massage in the cosy SPA. The food was up to the standard of some great Michelin starred restaurant in Europe and we even met the chef who comes to your table every night (I recommend the foie gras terrine with Valrhona, out of this world and the suckling pig鈥?. We had 10 days at The Oberoi that were absolute delight and I have no hesitation to recommend this place. We felt completely secured with a nice but not disturbing security in and around the property. Thank you to the entire staff for their generosity, courtesy and honest smile.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thombrug
<Content>Class and understatment It' was my first trip to Bali and the only place I wanted to stay was the Oberoi. don't ask me why, probably because of Oberoi's reputation troughout the world... Bali Oberoi, just mentioning the name, the vacation starts... As I arrived, my excpectation was fullfiled, A classic classy understated place... I felt right away at ease, the staff was very efficient, discreet and pleasent, the food excellent. for example, the details of a turndown when you get back to your room after a few cocktails at the bar... isn't the supreme luxury experiance aIl about details?... the atmosphere the view and sunsets over the ocean made this trip one of the most relaxing vacations I ever had... will defenitively plan in going back soon!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Swiss77
<Content>The Best Ever I just came back from a one week stay at the Oberoi and I have to say that it was probably the best vacation in my whole life. Altough we are frequent travellers and stayed many times in deluxe hotels in Asia and other places, the Oberoi in Bali is definitely one of our favourites. Of course, the location of the hotel is amazing, you get the see the most incredible sunsets and the hotel infrastructure is very upscale. But the best of all was certainly the professionalism and friendliness of the hotel鈥檚 employees, very attentive but not too much around either. We loved every single second of our stay and will surely choose to Oberoi again when back to Bali. Finally I鈥檇 like to add a tiny remark to the last comment: it is unfair and excessive to advise not to stay there because of insecurity. My husband and I can confirm that I never felt insecure during our stay. It was THE perfect holiday in THE perfect hotel.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>enjoyingit
<Content>scary            
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>2	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ozintokyo
<Content>Loved the Oberoi This is a great hotel, the service is perfect, the room although older is perfect for Bali. My reminder to those who say its too old, well its bali, its not, and shouldnt be the Gold Coast! The outdoor / indoor bathroom is great.The only problem I had was with the food, its too expensive and honestly it isnt that great. But lots of great resturants just outside the door. The oberoi is a great, laid back, perfect location for a perfect holiday  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DebbieReading
<Content>Luxury stay in a top location Recently returned from a one week stay at the Oberoi and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The size of the hotel is perfect and was far from over-crowded, and there was no problem getting sunbeds by the pool each day. The staff are really helpful and the pool-side service is second to none.... they provide chilled water, sunscreen, cool towels, and then hand out fruit kebabs and ice-creams at different points in the day - they even offer to clean your sunglasses! The complimentary afternoon tea, with cakes, fruits, sandwiches, and biscuits is a very nice touch. The rooms are spacious and in a traditional Balinese style and lovely - especially the bathroom which is huge and very luxurious. (note to the previous reviewer that prefers the minimalist style - perhaps you might want to check out pictures of a hotel before booking, rather than making such ridiculous comments about the 'outdated' rooms!). Beds are also incredibly comfortable.... The only down-side is the cost of the food  drink in the hotel - we ate in the restaurant on the first night, and the food was excellent, but our main complaint was the price of the drinks - 45k rupiah for a Bintang is seriously overpriced. However, the food was great and not so highly priced compared to the surrounding restaurants. The location of the hotel is perfect - it couldn't be better placed. Nextdoor is KuDeTa, which is perfect for lunches and watching the sunsets. Food is high in Bali terms, yet still much more affordable than at the Oberoi - we would especially recommend the salad options for lunch. We also ate in a number of the local restaurants - Trattoria and Wild Ginger and both good and very reaonsably priced, and we loved La Lucciola - a bit hard to find, but nice spot and great food.  We would definitely recommend the Oberoi, and will not hesitate to stay here again when next returning to Bali.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>inspiteof
<Content>Wonderful, low-key, classic A wonderful, classic hotel. None of the modernist pretension that so many hotels have in Bali. It feels timeless and elegant. The gardens are wonderful, as is the location. The food is good, but expensive. The service is excellent, but it can be a little over-solicitous (I felt they were often hankering after a tip). Make sure to get one of the renovated rooms. The bathrooms are truly special...  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sniggers
<Content>Fabulous holiday - great service This is one of the most lovely hotels we have stayed at.The staff were just so attentive. Nothing was too much trouble. At the pool we were brought sun cream, water and cool towels. The whole place was so peaceful and tranquil but at the same time so professional and slick.Breakfast facing over the ocean was a real treat, as were sundowners lying on a 4 poster day bed on the beach. The stuff that we all dream about.Our bedroom was very very comfortable and relaxing. The highlight for me was the huge marble sunken bath. What can I say?I loved every minute of my stay at the Oberoi. I know there may be funkier places on Bali now, but there's lots to be said for good old fashioned wonderful service and this is what we had. I highly recommend it's fabulous surf side location and great service.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>5holidays
<Content>Wonderful stay-again! I am a regular visitor to Bali, and this is my 3rd stay at the Oberoi. But the first time in the garden view pool villa. Having stayed at other pool villas, I must say the size of the pool and gardens pleasantly surprised us. We were on holiday without the kids and it was totally peaceful and the service was great. In a pool villa you virtually dont have to see anyone else (if that's the kind of holiday you want) And we paid a promo rate of under USD400 (check hotel website for these) and I think you wont get anything this size for the price elsewhere. It is a quiet and smallish resort, but if you require excitement, KuDeTa is just next door. Hotel is a little old, but everything works and is clean, and that is also part of the Balinese charm of the place. True the food is pricey by Bali standards, but similar to other 5 star hotels in Asia. Highly recommended for couples.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>linkim
<Content>A beautiful haven Truely a wonderful coccoon from the mayhem for people who want a relaxing holiday. Not a party place. The oceanview room was beautifully decorated, immaculately clean and had everything you needed (including international adaptors, fruit  newspapers every day). The resort also offers free bottled water  sunscreen anywhere in the complex and free afternoon tea daily - perfect!. Everything to take the hassle out of of our holiday. Thanks Oberoi. We will be back. Kim  Linda  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sauvarin
<Content>Magic We have stayed in some fantastic hotels but the Oberoi Bali has to be to be one of the best. Our Ocean View Villa was out of this world - everything you could possibly want for was provided. The staff were excellent (it was great that tipping was not on the agenda) which made for a very genuine service. The spa treatments we had were excellent (I am an expert on treatments!).The food was varied and the prices o.k. for a top notch Hotel. We will definitely stay here for an 'escape' holiday again.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>torontofriend
<Content>great honeymoon We went to Bali on our honeymoon in August and stayed at the Oberoi first in a pool villa for one night and then in an ocean view room for 5 nights. I can't say enough about this place, it is amazing. I read that people thought it was outdated. I didn't feel that way at all. I loved the style of the rooms.Breakfast every morning on the beach was amazing. Try the french toast.The pool is amazing and the overall service is very good throughout the hotel. There are many places to walk to, restaurants for dinner as it is true the prices are high for food at the hotel. but the ceasar salad is good by the pool.I loved the outdoor shower in the villa. We stayed in Ubud for 3 nights and then went back to the Oberoi (unplanned) because we loved it so much. When we went back we stayed in a garden view room. so having stayed in all kinds of rooms I have to say they are all great.I highly recommend this hotel and if it wasn't so far away I would go back again and again. Stay there it is more quaint than the Legian or anything else in the area.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlainAntwerp
<Content>Excellent Service but very contemporary Part of our 3 week travel to Bali and Lombok, we stayed for 3 nights at the Oberoi in Seminyak. It was our first stay at Oberoi Hotels and we were honestly a little disappointed. Although the resort is specious and very nice, well located and staff is extremely thoughtful, we felt entering a hotel that has his peak about 20 years ago, and needed some thorough refurbishments. I have to say that we prefer modern minimistic style, so it is most probalby a matter of personal taste. We booked a standard room. At the rate of 219 USD ++ 21% tax  service, we found a room that was quite outdated and needed throrough refurbishment. It was relatively small, though the bathroom was well appointed (though with a small shower cabin and toilet in the bathroom without any separation). We did not eat at the hotel as prices were too high (50 USD for the hotel dinner buffet). Overall a nice stay, though definitely not the top hotel in Seminyak - try out The Legian!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MarkSimpson
<Content>Bali Paradise We have just returned from seven nights at the Oberoi. Our stay was fantastic from the moment we were met at the airport by one of the hotel cars. The hotel had made a mistake with our room booking but this was rectified immediately. The hotel is stunning and the complete opposite of high rise, high density resorts - just 75 rooms in 15 acres of beautifully maintained gardens. The staff were outstanding throughout from reception and concierge to room servicing. We did a one day tour of tourist spots and the volcano and the car, driver and guide were good value at $75. This is primarily a resort for couples and we would not hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely wonderful holiday Stayed here for 7 nights and didn't want to leave. Fabulous hotel with an authentic balinese flavour, no bland american style hotel here. Great service with personal attention, staff are genuinely welcoming. You wont find better in Bali. Plenty of information in some other reviews, but just felt strongly enough to add to the positive ratings.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Chels1
<Content>Perfect Honeymoon Destination - Fabulous!       Suprised us one night.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mikerson
<Content>A Balinese Oasis! - Did not want to leave!!!!!       Gardenview Lanai - Sitting Area  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tokyobabe
<Content>Weather was hot - atmosphere cold My mother and I stayed here for four nights, following five nights in Ubud.Overall the stay was good- staff helpful, room size decent, bathroom large. We paid $199 plus tax per night and this included breakfast.Afternoon tea every day was lovely, served in the ampitheatre with cakes and sandwiches with a different entertainment each day (kite making, dancing). The poolside service was great - there were more than enough incredible comfy sun loungers (with proper thick matresses). When you'd chosen your spot the staff would rush over and make it up for you, produce complimantary ice cold water and chilled glasses, and factor 25 sun lotion. Throughout the day they would appear to bring more free water / clean your sunglasses / give you free sorbets and skewers of fruit / bring more fresh towels. There were various views you could have - by the pool watching the crashing surf, under the trees or on the beach itself.A few things failed to make the mark - the breakfast buffet was limited - although loved the beautiful beach view as we ate our toast and cornflakes. The rooms were, as many people have noted, dated, although this did not particularly bother us as it felt quite 'Balinese'.The food was very expensive, although there were nice restarants nearby to eat in, including a 24 hour diner with yummy food and big portions. We did have delicious burgers by the pool one day, and that cost us about 拢12 each with a drink.With hindsight the real problem was the atmosphere - nobody spoke or acknowledged each other in ANY way. Normally this is so not a problem for me, there is nothing I hate more than loud families and screaming kids. But after the friendly atmosphere of Ubud it felt odd - and everyone was super skinny and glamorous, with matching designer bikinis / kaftans / flip flops / make up. This made us both feel that we should be making more of an effort (something I really can't be bothered with in 100 degree heat on holiday). Not a criticism of the hotel of course, but still something worth noting.So overall I am glad we stayed, but we wouldnt have paid anymore than $199 for the experience.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dokanman
<Content>Not worth it Posiibly due to some confusion with the reservation, there was no car at the airport to pick me up, as requested.Booked through Leaders Club at LHW, but not given any amenity / privelege.Fisrt room I was shown to was adjacent to a noisy diesel generator, the power source for the resort when I arrived.Second room (garden view, circa 300us / night) was a musty smelling affair in the far corner of the resort (room 250 if anyone's into musty smelling rooms).Lunch left 90% uneaten. The restaurant was otherwise empty, I should have got the message before.Went for massage to find its run by Banyan Tree (overpriced thai outfit) - the usual waif like girls rubbing perfumed oil into punters at 50US / hour. Perfectly good alternatives over the road for 10 -20% of the price.Power sockets old, worn and ...not working. Woke up to find that due to loose socket my laptop battery was flat. Internet connection works tho! Hooray I found something positive!!!! Order of 1 OJ and 1 carrot juice for wake up turned up as 1 OJ and one watery orange coolured liquid (def not carrot?).Overall - an overpriced, decaying resort that would cost around 30 -40 US / night in Malaysia or Thailand. Checked out after first night. NO plan to return.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>bcstrachan
<Content>Mixed emotions we stayed for four nights at the hotel with in a sea view pavillion - liked the style and feel of the place but didn't think it was good enough for five stars.What we likedThe staff, the spa, the situation. Ku de Ta next door (fantastic bar restaurant chill out experience - superb)What we didn't likePrice of food and drink. Quality was good but prices very steep to the extent that it limited the amount we spent. In no way any differnt from decent resutaruants at home. Didn't buy lots of wine with meal - I refuse to pay those prices for second rate Ozzie chardonnay that I wouldn't touch in the UK at 拢4 a bottle.We asked for a wake up call on our last day as we had a connecting flight to catch to Lombok - they forgot. We had to pack up everything in 10 minutes to catch the flight, so missed showers, breakfast and lost items that we left behind. Way too stresful and sorry really didnt cut it from the staff. And our sunglasses were nicked by the pool - our fault for not watching them but hacekd off all the same. What we had mixed feelings aboutThe room - nice, spacious but dated in terms of the feel. Freebies were limited, I want some serious pampering for that kind of money. So would we go again? fraid not, just not worth the money and wouldn't rush to recommend.Onwards to Lombok Oberoi! See comments!  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>barmynights
<Content>Loved it       Bed in lanai  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>French
<Content>Life is easy....sometimes...       beautiful sunsets from poolside!  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Skaula
<Content>First Class All The Way The oberoi is a gem of of a hotel and is hard to beat. It maintains the feel of a very exclusive luxury beach club. From the moment you are picked up from the airport and welcomed with cold towels and water to a seamless check in the oberoi is faultless. To top it all the Oberoi is in a perfect location near all the best restaurants.Only very fussy people would find anything to fault here.....if you want a bland location that could be anything in SE Asis then go to to the cheaper Nusa Dua Chains but if this is what you are after then stay in W Europe.All in all one of the world's best hotels!!!  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gwengineer
<Content>Overrated for 5 stars       Oberoi Villa Courtyard  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jbellour
<Content>Oberoi Bali - The Place for Lovers A Perfectly Romantic Hotel, with personable exquisite service. My partner and I arrived with high expectations after friends' recommendations and found the actual experience exceeded them.We arrived to a warm reception complete with jasmine and ginger blossom leis and found our Lanai Ocean View Room (#241) to be steps from the beach, and close to the main buildings of the Oberoi. We could see the beach from our bed, and sip port while watching the sunset from our lanai. We later upgraded to a Royal Suite (#206) which had its own private swimming pool, elevated dining pavilion, surrounded by an 8' wall (very private and conducive to midnight pool splashing au naturel) but still with killer beach views. In either case, the rooms were well appointed, bathrooms beautifully maintained and clean, and the housekeeping excellent. Yes the hotel is 20+ years old, but it is constantly being renovated and shows a sense of place that a newer hotel cannot.The grounds were stunning, with beautiful gardens and pools arround every corner of the complex. The main swimming pool is just a few steps from the beach, so it was easy to splash in the 85 degree surf and then the 80 degree pool water, have a poolside drink, rest a bit and repeat it all. I prefered the Oberoi to the Legian, which seemed more the realm of precious young things that needed to be cool, than a resort hotel that provided a timeless grace that I felt at the Oberoi.The biggest plus at the Oberoi were the people, constantly providing a gracious representation of Balinese hospitality experienced outside the hotel. Never forced or intrusive, I always felt the staff really wanted to do whatever was necessary to make our stay a memorable event. And it was. We have already made plans to return.Only slight negative we found was that the dining room (Kura Kura) was a bit pricey, although wonderful for a few nights of our stay. Nearby (just outside the Oberoi's gate) was the well known Ku De Ta, a fashionable ex-pat haunt with great service, and a short walk in the other direction was Paul's Place and Reflections, excellent restaurants with more modest prices. Many others are close by.The people of Bali truly appreciate visitors and will make you feel welcomed, no matter where you stay. We will be returning in 6 months.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ksm100
<Content>quiet, bt not a bad thing! Stayed at the Oberoi from 30th Oct for 2 weeks. Loved the lanais, very private and particularly like the little courtyard outside the bathroom.The decor and ambeince were very relaxing. Service was great on the whole; food was excellent, but overpriced compared to nearby restaurants. Drinks were also very expensive, and explains why the bar was empty in the evenings or had one or two guests at most.The hotel was fairly full the first week, but was very quiet the second week - however, this was no bad thing, and made our holiday feel more relaxing and peaceful. However, I was confused as to why we were given a twin room on checking-in, despite requesting a double. We were not informed when shown to our room, and didn't notice until we went to bed the first evening! Reception told us they had no doubles available for our first 2 nights, which seemed odd as the hotel was not full and we had booked in June.As another reviewer has pointed out, guests kept themselves very much to themselves, and we didn't have any opportunity to even have a conversation with anyone else staying there.The location is great, with lots of restaurants within walking distance (or a short cab ride).  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bali-dreaming
<Content>Oberoi Bali The Bali Oberoi is a lovely old hotel. Has some old fashioned touches, with great service and wonderful staff. Enjoyed the poolside free bottled water and sunscreen,  afternoon icecreams.Our children, 14,11,8 were the only children in the resort for our entire stay ! It didn't worry us at all, but would have been nice if there were even a couple more ! Complimentary DVD's in the room kept them busy in the afternoons, after a hard morning at the pool or playing table tennis.Don't expect any interaction with other guests - very much a keep to yourself mentality. Glad we tried the hotel, but will stay at the Legian next time. Rooms at the Oberoi are very small, but the bathrooms are large and extremely well fitted out. Hotel is also in the best location for trying great local restaurants such as KuDeTa and Alang Alang.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NSA
<Content>Oberoi, Bali - we loved it       Oberoi Hotel, Bali - Sunset  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hotel-snob-london
<Content>Good but not as good as the Legian..... Stayed at both the Legian and the Oberoi and preferred the former. Just a bit more classy and cooler.That said the Oberoi is a very good hotel and is about half the price of the Legian. Beginning to look its age but if you can get the US$135 plus 21% rate which is sometimes on offer you will not be complaining....  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Tosh1
<Content>Oberoi exceeds expectations.       Room service treats  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TennersUk
<Content>Great Feel Arrived in Bali on August 3rd and departed August 17th with my family of 6, we tried out 4 hotels around the Island The Oberoi, the Conrad , the Four Seasons Sayan and the Ritz Carlton each has its pluses and minuses. The Oberoi met with our unanimous approval, quiet ,great location,traditional Balinese lanai and villas ,great staff, interesting food particularly with the indian influence of Oberoi.DVD hire for the kids,Tennis Gym and Beach all in good order.Clientel kept themselves to themselves( As we like it!) mostly European with a few ex pats.Hawkers on the Beach seemed oddly away from the property, it was almost like they knew to keep the guests to themselves if you wanted to buy the kites, watches or sarongs then a 2 minute walk along the beach got you mobbed!They arranged car hire for us with a local company called Jalan Jalan, good rates and people carrier- Watch out for the motor bikes!The Conrad was very new , very large and when we were there full of Japanese, The Four Seasons was cracking, great villas and secluded location and would be my choice for service but not great for kids as you can go all day with not seeing anybody other than room service and house keeping, when we were there they could not get us connecting villas.The Ritz Carlton is a very large Japanese dominated hotel set up for weddings etc, we had the 3 bedroom villa , great views from the cliffs, great sunsets the kids loved the slides- Food was only OK and what was annoying was that the view from the 'top villa' was interupted one evening by a wedding dinner on the lawns and the second night by a intimate dinner for two in a lanai on the cliffs, what they made of my 4 kids watching from our pool god only knows!Bali is a gem, recovering from the bomb and very friendlyDo go there  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Did not like the Oberoi at all, overrated and past its prime   showReview(3690188, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TomCologne
<Content>Still the best hotel on Bali Island   showReview(3681012, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>offtobali
<Content>A comfortable beachside retreat       World famous sunsets  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best holiday ever ....   showReview(3541123, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Aussie6
<Content>Very nice but overpriced compared to other hotels   showReview(3496197, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>uvarobt
<Content>Fabulous hotel with a great location   showReview(2826449, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, but with some reservations...   showReview(2754600, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Always excellent   showReview(2616773, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TEEVEE
<Content>Oberoi Bali is a fabulous sanctuary!   showReview(2304250, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ApprenticeGardener
<Content>搴冨ぇ銇暦鍦般仺闆勫ぇ銇捣銇満銈併€€浣曟皸銇亸璐呮并銇儶銈俱兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(22369127, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>AlexVizcaya
<Content>Lujo Asiatico   showReview(21739070, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銇傘亞銈撳伐鎴?> 銇傘亞銈撳伐鎴?</a> </div>
<Content>闈欍亱銇亷銇斻仐銇熴亜鏂广伕   showReview(21358667, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>libby0403
<Content>銉椼儵銈ゃ儥銉笺儓鎰熴仧銇ｃ伔銈娾櫔       銉椼儵銈ゃ儥銉笺儓銇┖闁?/a>  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>JensonBA
<Content>Oberoi - lautes Resort   showReview(19564786, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>balimagic
<Content>Splendide hotel! Il faut y aller!   showReview(19541286, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ulysse007
<Content>tr猫s bon s茅jour   showReview(19491916, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nobumobu
<Content>澶т汉銇儶銈俱兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(19192941, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>bouly
<Content>de retour a l oberoi   showReview(18834635, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mikele100
<Content>Top Service in wunderbarer Atmosph盲re   showReview(18095356, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>domazan
<Content>extraordinaire   showReview(17051807, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beim n盲chsten Mal wieder   showReview(17444937, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>isasoleil
<Content>Vraiment d茅莽us...   showReview(16284388, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	5	4	3	4	

<Author>JUPITER21
<Content>Le top du top       Deesse au bord de la piscine priv茅e  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luckygo
<Content>Oberoi Bali-ein Traum   showReview(14905361, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉優銉炽儊銉冦偗   showReview(19165340, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇娿仚銇欍倎銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19161418, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偪銉冦儠銇屻倛銇嬨仯銇?#x201d;   showReview(19161407, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerons sans h茅siter   showReview(11396638, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>PRGO
<Content>Un sue帽o!!!   showReview(6343095, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>搴冨ぇ銇暦鍦般伀寤恒仸銈夈倢...   showReview(19920779, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉伄銈ㄣ兂銉堛儵銉炽偣...   showReview(19919438, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

