<Author>IonLucaCaragiale
<Content>Great location, pleasant hotel       View from the hotel window  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>firenzetraveler
<Content>5 STAR QUALITY HOTEL EXCEEDED ALL EXPECTATIONS!!!!! My elderly mother and I celebrated the Thanksgiving holiday in Nov/Dec for a week at this exceptional property. The experience was indescibable! I quite carefully and meticulously only stay in 5-star properties and noticed that the property was listed in Conde Naste's GOLD LIST OF EXCLUSIVE PROPERTIES for 2008. The CONDE NASTE TRAVELER magazine review did not do the property justice.Firstly, it is situated right on the Arno River with restaurant and rooms with balcony/arno river views. One must only, when staying Florence, have a room-with-a-view (an Arno view) --MAGNIFICO!Secondly, the staff treat you like their own personal family. Romano, distinguished himself as during our week's stay was always looking out for my mother and me. Remarkable! From ensuring special diet requests were fulfilled, making sure our room was exactly what we wanted to recommending wine, exhibitions, concerts, instruction on computer, to mailing postcards, to only name a few! He had his staff from bellmen to restaurant chefs/servers, meet our every request on a timely and exceptional fashion! He probably should manage his own property that is how good he was to my mother and I!!Thirdly, the hotel's restaurant is highly comparable to even the most exclusive restaurant the likes of Coco Lezzone, Cibreo, Cammillo, etc. Because it rained most evenings we ate a few nights at the hotel's restaurant. I constantly read inquiries from Trip Advisor members about which Firenze restaurant provides an epicurean experience for foodie's and their discretionary palettes? Well, try La Serra, the hotel's restaurant. Arno views are a given here, but the food is to die for! Unbeliveable filet, seafood, pasta dishes, wine discoveries and out-of-this-world dessert surprises!! In fact, one night we had this unbelievable chocolate wonder all designed as a cup and spoon and filled with a banana and liquor cream custard and sprinkled with a beautiful sheen of chocolate and cream glaze with raspberries - no words, when tasting, you simply have to go there and have your own! It was not unusual for us to call and speak to the chef offering him praises for the food; something I don't usually do.Also, room service matched the quality of the restaurant and Simon was always happy to assist us!The room was like walking into a jewel box! The room's sliding doors, which comprised a full wall were open, The light was brilliantly shining in. The balcony was so inviting displaying the Arno and Piazzale Michelangelo. The murano glass fixtures were shimmery. The beds were like sleeping on a clouds. The bathroom was perfect for us in that we requested a large shower for my elderly Mom for ease in showering - perfect! It had overflowing goodies and amenities, appointed plush enough for our tastes. We always need extra towels because my Mom and I always ask every property we stay at. The housekeeping service was at your beckon call and within seconds we had everything and anything we need. Again, I just kept shaking my head..All I can say, it was as if every staff member had esp for our every need.The staff epitomized the heart of the Florentines in that they take pride in their occupations. Most at that hotel, that I talked with have been there for years and are proud of their hotel and what they do for a living. They truly provided unforgettable and cherished memories for my mother and IThis is the only hotel to stay in while in Florence!!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gillypCheshireUK
<Content>Mixed feelings We seem to be two of the few people who did not get an upgrade and consequently, we had the small, dark room with no view and little natural light. We did ask for a change of room on two occasions but with no success even after mentioning building work going on in an adjacent building that was disturbing us. I think we were low priority being independent travellers, who had booked through ExpediaHotel was OK, not the best I have ever stayed in and breakfast was OK but nothing special. Staff all very charming and Florence beautiful!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>lochlanluvshols
<Content>Hotel was fantastic! Just got back from a wonderful stay at Plaza Lucchesi. Great location on the river Arno, 5- 10 minute walk to the Ulfizzi, Plazza Vecchio, Ponte Vecchio. The Santa Croce church is just around the corner and worth a vist. The room (first floor at the back) was beautiful. Good size, very quiet and the bed was fantastic. Bathroom needs updating but very acceptable. We loved staying here and would stay again if we ever go back to Florence. Restuarants - try the Golden View (just across the ponte vecchio).Attractions - you have to go to the Duomo (amazing), climb up to the top of the dome if you don't mind heights. Plazza Vecchio is stunning and the Ulfizzi was well worth it (pre-order your tickets through the hotel).And shop till you drop!!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carlitas
<Content>Exceptional service We switched hotels at the last minute for our mum's birthday trip to Florence having noted the excellent prices on Expedia. We were upgraded on arrival to superior rooms with beautiful views of the River Arno, furnished to a high standard with extremely comfortable beds and provided with champagne on the day on my mum's birthday as a surprise. The common areas of the hotel were tasteful and elegant. The hotel was exceptionally well run and all our needs were attentively dealt with. All staff were very friendly and courteous at all times. Customer service of the highest standard and one of the best hotel experiences we have ever encountered. Thank you very much for such a special stay with you, in particular to Simone, Barbara and the all the wonderful concierges....Grazie!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dilena1
<Content>One of the best hotels I ever stayed       Hotel Plaza Lucchesi Sunset from Piazzale Michelangelo  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WLTM_Adventure
<Content>Great Hotel I have just returned from a stay in Florence at the Plaza Lucchesi Hotel and would highly reccomend it to anyone.We booked 2 double rooms through Expedia. We were then to be joined by a 5th member of the family. Expedia were offering us the option of cancelling our booking and then rebooking a triple room which would have worked out very expensive. We rang the hotel directly and they offered us a triple room for very little extra. The triple bed was not a camp bed, it was a proper bed and very comfortable.At check-in the receptionist spoke excellent English and was very helpful.The rooms were clean, well decorated and of a high standard for a 4* hotel, especially considering we were in the most basic room type.Both of our rooms had views of Santa Croce and the Duomo as well as beautiful Tuscan hills.The only downside was that the restaurant was closed due to renovation and the breakfast did not offer much of a range for vegetarian diners. However, the hotel is in an excellent location and there are resaurants nearby in Piazza della Signoria.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Uvie
<Content>Beautiful Hotel on the River       View of the Hotel, and my wife, from accross the river. It is the building farthest to the right  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>npretzel
<Content>Excellent hotel, excellent concierge       Our favorite concierge  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mikepistone
<Content>Great hotel We got a great deal on Hotwire for a last minute stay at this 4-star Firenze hotel. Arrival on Friday afternoon was effortless. Staff rushed out to help us with our bags and we went from a horribly hot tuscan afternoon to checked in and in our room in under 5 minutes. Wi-Fi Internet access was free if you had a laptop and it was the fastest I have found in Italy. Room was decent sized for a European hotel room, and at no time did it feel cramped for 2 people. Queen size bed was extremely comfortable and had top notch sheets and comforter. Bathroom was large for Italy and the shower/tub had excellent water pressure. Concierge made a dinner reservation for us that was excellent and the entire staff was pleasent and helpful at all times. Despite my efforts at bad Italian they all spoke perfect english and we had no complaints with the staff. Location: Personally I found the location to be perfect. It is a 10 minute walk to Ponte Vecchio and about 10 minutes to il Duomo as well, so you can really be wherever you need to get in under 20 minutes. If you walked from Stazione SMN I would guess it could take 30 minutes, but there is a bus stop right in from that goes to the station and a cab was only 10 euros.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	-1	5	

<Author>tbc2008
<Content>Very Nice Hotel, Great View We had one of the rooms on the top floor with a blacony. The room itself was small and decent but nothing special. The balcony was a great bonus and the view was incredible! The hotel staff was pleasant and the breakfast served daily in the main restaurant was very good. This hotel is in a very good location. It was easy to walk to everything and again, the view was amazing. It's worth the high price if only for the view.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>vming
<Content>Personal service / helped with reservations to the museums First time to Florence. The concierge at the hotel was very helpful in getting reservations to the museums so that we did not have to stand in the long lines to get in. Just ask.Within easy walking distance to most major attractions.The hotel is a bit older and for us the air conditioning was not cool enough but we keep our own home freezing. Check out the lighting fxtures in the rooms and hallways. The beds were comfortable and the bathrooms had tubs and showers. The blow dryer has a plug in for razors if you have the right adaptor.The concierge was so accommodating that they actually contacted our driver by his cell phone after we checked out to advise me that I had forgot my glasses and to see where they could forward them to me.Be sure to tip your concierge because they definately deserve it for the time and convenience they offer.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelermarc
<Content>Great location We spent three nights at the hotel in April 2008. Check-in was a snap! This is a very pretty hotel with some extra nice features, i.e. Murano glass fixture in the bedroom. We requested and received a river view room. Unfortunately, the window was high on the wall and we could only see out when standing! It appeared that non- riverview rooms may have actually had garden windows. The staff were very helpful and always available. Breakfast was included with the room. A large selection of fresh fruit was especially nice as well as bacon, sausage, scrambled eggs, breads, cheeses, meats, cereals, yogurt, juices and coffee. A nice selection. The location was great. We walked everywhere except the train station. It was a great stay in a nice hotel in a wonderful city!  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>fulya1313
<Content>Picture Perfect Location and view of the hotel was great .. Next to Arno river , easy walk to everywhere. Hotel staff was very friendly and polite. Arranged our museum reservations at last minute with success .. Room was clean ..Will consider staying again on next trip.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jesslca321
<Content>Good Hotel My husband and I stayed at Plaza Lucchesi Hotel for 2 nights while in Florence. It was a good hotel but the location was a bit out of the way, it's not in the heart of the city and you either have to walk a bit or take a taxi to get anywhere. But its right on the river and restaurant is very good!  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>whatsinitforme
<Content>Very nice in a great location The Plaza Hotel is in a great location,close to most major attractions and things to do.Staff are very friendly and helpful,restaurant is excellent and they do have secure parking on site.The staff especially restaurant staff will give great ideas on things to do in Florence.Avoid Ponte Vecchio for jewellry,look around in the old town of Florence for better deals.Visit the gardens just over the river,its a hidden em but will require at least 4 hours.Florence is a wonderful city to visit,much to see,plenty of choices with food and some great restaurants......  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SamanthaJayne06
<Content>lovely hotel - breakfast same every day Have just returnd from a 5 night stay at this hotel. Overall it was of a very good standard (for Italy) and we found staff to be extremely helpful and coureous at all times. The concierge booked us tickets for the Ufizi and for a concert and nothing was too much trouble. However the breakfast was exactly the same every single morning, the usual choice of continental bread, cheese etc and scrambled eggs and bacon... which is very good compared to some Italian hotels but after 5 days of this it was really boring. Good location though, we also had river view room, and away from the bustle of centre but an easy 10 minuite stroll to Uffezi and Ponte Vechicco Bridge.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>krmmahr
<Content>A wonderful stay This is a lovely hotel right on the Arno. The rooms are clean, good sized, and very pretty with lots of sun. We had 2 connecting rooms overlooking the river. The staff is extremely pleasant, friendly and helpful. The general manager is often about and interested in his guests. A definite find.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Elsiedog
<Content>Beautiful Terrace, Helpful Staff, Good location It has been a few years, but this hotel holds a special place in my memory. The staff were incredibly gracious and helpful. They made excellent restaurant recommendations, were professional in handling all of my biz calls and faxes, and were great with directions. The room I received was the best I had on this business trip: It was very large with a modern bath, large Queen or maybe a King bed, and french doors leading to an enormous terrace overlooking the rooftops and domes of the old city. Beautiful at night and in the morning. I was only here for business (3 short nights) but wished I could have stayed longer. Location was great - I walked everywhere to meetings and sights... I didn't take a taxi except to and from the train station. The bar/lobby were very relaxing - a nice spot to grab a nightcap or meet a colleague.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>tiki1314
<Content>Picturesque Tuscany       My daughters bed  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PatsyAnn1
<Content>The Plaza Lucchesi Was Wonderful! We stayed at the Plaza Lucchesi Hotel in mid November. The accommodations and staff were wonderful . Upon arriving they upgraded us to a suite overlooking the Arno river ( at no additional cost ).The room was absolutely lovely with an upper king bedroom and bathroom and a foyer, living room and a 2nd bathroom on the 1st floor. The room had large windows from the 1st floor to the upper ceiling with a beautiful view of the river and hills beyond.Although this was not our first trip to Italy, it was our first trip to Florence. Both the concierge and day manager, Barbara, were very helpful with directions, sights to see, reserving tickets, restaurant recommendation etc. ( if you have the opportunity to dine at Bucca Mario, do so! ).A decent buffet breakfast was included each day and delicious appetizers were laid out at the bar each evening......which was a nice treat after a long day of sightseeing.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dancingqueen_8
<Content>Loved this hotel! I have been to Florence three times, and this was my favorite hotel. Great location right on the banks of the Arno. Extremely helpful staff. Great breakfast. But rooms do vary. My husband and I took our three adult children with significant others, and the four rooms were very, very different. If you can upgrade and get a room with a balcony on the Arno, do it. It makes a huge difference. Our bed was comfortable, towels were great. Small shower but I didn't care because the view was so amazing, the staff so nice, and the location was perfect - far from the crowds but still within walking distance of all the main sights. Very classy hotel.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LizardAtlanta
<Content>Excellent location, good service I learned my lesson and always read tripadvisor before booking a hotel. The reviews were spot on. The rooms were very clean, the front desk was wonderful and the breakfast was hearty (compared to most hotels in Italy). I had a single room and it was very small but comfortable and new. The room was a bit dark but nice and quite.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ginge33
<Content>Great place to experience Florence We booked this hotel with flights via Expedia but not before we'd checked the reviews on Trip Advisor! I'm pleased to say that the hotel was great and would happily stay there again.A few points to note:Service was very good from the moment we checked in. They offered to book tickets if needed and they were very helpful every time we needed anything.It's an older hotel so in some ways it was a little rough around the edges (peeling paint and cracks) but nothing that detracted from our enjoyment of the room.We had a view over the river which was fantastic. It's on a noisy street though and Florence's ambulances seem to go past a lot but with the window closed it was quiet enough. Not sure how much louder it would be on lower floors (we were on the 4th).The room was not massive but it was not tiny either. Bed comfortable and cleaned very regularly to a high standard.The restaurant was pretty good however we only ate breakfast there though as it was included in the price for us. It was a fairly extensive buffet of good quality. The bar was unsurprisingly expensive (but so is everywhere in Florence!) but service was good.Overall I would definitely recommend staying here as it was in a good position to explore the city being walking distance from the Uffizi, Ponte Vecchio and other attractions as well as having a beautiful view of the river and city.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>caviargal
<Content>Nice hotel with great location This was my 16th visit to Florence and I have stayed at a wide variety of properties. I generally prefer to stay a bit out of the center to avoid the crowds and chose the Lucchesi for location and also based on a friend's input.Location was very nice and pre-stay service was excellent. Beds and pillows were very comfortable. Rooms are fairly small and old, with old but clean bathrooms. Amenities are limited.Breakfast was the worst (Americanized) of our three hotels on this trip and service not the most pleasant. We skipped breakfast after the second day and enjoyed a good capuccino and light bite elsewhere.Staff was good, got great. Rooms did not get cleaned one day til almost 6pm and then we were trying to get ready to go out so it was quite inconvient.A/C was off and rooms were VERY hot and uncomfortable as the heat was turned on high and controls in room fairly worthless.There are better choices, IMO, but the location was excellent.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>dturbow
<Content>Royal Treatment       View of St Croce from our balcony  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>skisail
<Content>Great Views, Great Staff       Full moon view from our hotel room  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>raven20
<Content>A refuge in Florence       room  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eremin2000
<Content>A Very Enjoyable Six Nights The highlights:Great room.Quiet.Fantastic staff.Great location.The room makes the difference. I'll preface this review by saying that we splurged for an upgraded room and were not disappointed. Ask for room 302 and see for yourself! The room was spacious and bright, though the curtains and drapes did a solid job of blocking unwanted light. We also got to enjoy a balcony with a view overlooking the Arno river. We did have friends who stayed in a standard room, which appeared to be nice enough, but was considerably smaller than ours, with no balcony and no real view. That said, the room itself really made the stay so much more enjoyable.I'm not sure how busy the hotel was, being our stay was toward the end of the tourist season, but I must say it was very quiet in our room. We could not hear anyone else's television through the walls, for example, and never heard another door slam in the hallway. Again, the windows and drapes did a great job of blocking road noise from the relatively busy street below.Beyond the room, the staff was also superb. We had a small destination wedding in Florence and the staff was very accommodating with our various needs. The concierge desk helped us arrange dinner reservations and taxis with no delays. The only odd moment we experienced was when the maitre'd at the hotel restaurant refused to seat us, claiming there were no tables left on a Tuesday night. We're not completely sure what was going on--perhaps we were slightly underdressed for his liking. No biggie, though, as the place appeared somewhat overpriced. There are plenty of affordable restaurants in the neighborhood. We avoided room service, too, as the prices were exorbitant (9 euro/person service fee!). Our room had a fridge and the minibar items didn't take up too much room, so find a market and stock up on drinks.The location of the hotel is perfect. It's far enough away from the major cites to keep the crowds away, but not too far away from them to walk to. The train station is a 10-15 minute walk, very easy, but don't try to do it with luggage. I'm a very paranoid traveler when it comes to hotel rooms--I just dread a noisy, dirty, uncomfortable room. I was wholly satisfied with Plaza Lucchesi and feel we got great value for our weak dollars. I cannot stress enough how spending the extra money for an upgraded room likely made a huge difference.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mpbbarrett
<Content>Large hotel, great location When we got to the Lucchesi our room wasn't ready. They offered to take us to the bar and provide a drink on the house while we waited 30 minutes. Very friendly and accomodating. We were taken to standard room that was clean, good size and modern. Great beds. They didn't have the availability to upgrade us which was okay. Breakfast had a large selection including Mimosas. The location for sightseeing was perfect, even to go across the Arno river. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>trisha v
<Content>Excellent hotel, fantastic location in the city Stayed at Plaza Lucchesi with 2 friends for 4 nights. From the moment we walked into the hotel we were made to feel so welcome! We were even taken to our room by a member of staff from Reception as well as our luggage taken separately. We had a triple room on the 4th floor, which was one of the nicest rooms I have stayed in in a European hotel. Wonderful view over Santa Croce and the Duomo, we also had a balcony which added to the excitement! The sunset each evening was a delight.I could not fault the staff in any way. All staff were a pleasure and so helpful.Hotel is in an excellent location away from the busy piazza's and side streets of Florence close to Arno river. Would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Florence as I know they would not be disappointed. Big thank you to the Hotel Lucchesi for making our stay in Florence so special.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>General13
<Content>Fabulous Hotel : A dream in Florence       Suite tv lcd  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stephaneazoulay
<Content>Disappointed, some issues not compatible with a 4-star hotel       The door: the paint is also in a very bad shape, shame on this hotel !!!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	3	

<Author>NJPT
<Content>Fabulous hotel Stayed here for 13 nights in August 2007 and I cannot find anything bad to say about this hotel. From the moment we arrived until we left the staff could not have been more helpful. Reception, dining room and cleaning staff were all very polite and friendly. The hotel was excellent. Book a room with a view. We had a fantastic view over Santa Croce and the city. Great balcony for relaxing with a glass of Chianti . The room was very spacious and clean - bathroom needs some touching up, otherwise fine.When eating out avoid the Piazzas and head for the side streets, particularly the San Lorenzo area were there are some very good restaurants. The negative reviews I have read about this hotel must have been written by people who are very difficult to please.Would recommend this hotel and will return soon hopefully.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jossi081
<Content>4 Star Price - 5 Star Treatment My family and I spent 4 nights at the Plaza Lucchesi Hotel in Florence. It was truly a wonderful experience. The rooms were warm welcoming modern quiet and comfortable. There was a lovely balconey overlooking the city. (It very much resembled the rooms at the Plaza Hotel in New York City.)  The staff were courteous, pleasant and extremely helpful. The concierge was a veritable wealth of knowledge and willing to help us plan any side trips we were interested in taking. Check in and check out were painless and swift.Breakfast was a treat. An elegant atmosphere and hot and cold foods were available at the buffet. In the evening there is a small bar on the Lobby level. It was a great spot to sip a glass of wine and unwind at the end of the day. The location was wonderful. a lovely view of the Arno River, and within walking distance to the Uffizi and the Ponte Vecchio. I highly reccommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FunkyLondon
<Content>Great location, comfortable room       Standard room  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>senorae
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at the Lucchesi for 3 nights and we very much enjoyed our stay. We stayed in a double room and were treated to a large, comfortable, clean and luxurious room with a large bathroom. Some of the ammenities included flat screen tv, free use of laptop in the lobby to check emails, mini bar fridge, and a very complete free breakfast everyday. They accomodated us quickly when we arrived at 7 am hungry and tired. The hotel staff was terrific in making travel arrangements, museum reservations and answering all our questions. I would definitiely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>McFab
<Content>Lovely location, very nice hotel Stayed at the Lucchesi for 7 nights in July - we seem to have been very lucky with our room, as we were given a duplex on the first floor, which consisted of a small sitting room, bathroom and fitted wardrobe downstairs, and a bedroom upstairs with more wardrobe space and another (slightly larger!) bathroom. We even had two t.v.'s! The view of the river was lovely, especially at dusk.The room was cleaned every day, we certainly had no problems there and our bed was turned down and the curtains drawn each evening.The front desk staff were very helpful at all times, especially Simona, who went out of her way to be chatty and friendly.The bar and public areas of the hotel are cool and comfortable - especially welcome in the heat, which seems to have been exceptionally intense this July.Didn't find the breakfast wildly exciting, pretty much the usual Italian breakfast fare. We didn't dine at the hotel any night, as the huge choice of eateries in Florence was just too tempting! A word of warning on that point - if you're looking for value for money, stay away from the main tourist areas when eating and drinking - you really do end up paying for the location.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>cherrytea
<Content>Old World Elegance       Front of the hotel: peaceful view! Behind the hotel: old narrow streets of historic centre  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>TorontoTbird
<Content>Ok, but not recommended for honeymooners. My new wife and I stayed 4 nights in this hotel as part of our 2 week honeymoon tour of Italy. It was an adequate hotel, ideal for business travellers; but for newlyweds, I would suggest that you look elsewhere. The location, while conveniently situated along the Arno River, is about a twenty minute walk from the historic centre of Florence. The staff is professional, but not very welcoming. The rooms are a good size, clean, but a little outdated. The shower stall is equipped with one of those half doors allowing water to splash everywhere in the bathroom. Overall, not a bad experience, but I would not recommend it for honeymooners.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>MonneV
<Content>European 4 star I booked my travel through the American Express travel. First mistake!! I was intially booked for the Bernini Hotel. One day beforeI was scheduled to leave, my hotel was swtiched to the Plaza Lucchesi. This is an old restored 18th century hotel. The rooms are adequate, however a superior room is two twin beds pushed together that separate easily during the night. The location is very nice. The roomhad a nice river view. Not a four star, maybe 2 or 3.The staff was helpful. However, one particular English speaking conceirge was extremely rude!! For the most part the staff was very helpful, however one conceirge when asked to assit with transportation directed me to use the pay phone. The breakfast was okay, however the restaurants dinner was terrible!!!! I found a nice restaurant 10 minutes away, DINO's, the food was superb. Florence is very crowed, however it is an exciting and glorious city. The artwork alone makes the entire trip worthwhileas well as all the inconviences. As a side note Vivtor tours provides a very good day trip wine tour and museum tour.I actually checked out the Bernini Hotel, I can not speak for the rooms however the lobby and location are prime. The price of merchandise is high in Italy and the dollar is devalued against the Euro. You can still find bargins if you shop around. Also be sure to see the gardens owned by the Medici family, they are spectacular.Pickpockets abound in the city and many of the tourist are very rude!! They will actually knock you off the sidewalk, or reach over you and bump into you. Be prepared to walk, walk and walk, Enjoy your stay in Florence.....  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	4	2	1	

<Author>pagetravels
<Content>great river view First, beware of the rooms without a view! Mine was a closet (maybe 3 suitcases wide) the first night. HOWEVER the staff was extremely helpful in changing the accomodation to a room with a lovely view ! My bags were moved while I enjoyed a day out on the town. The room and bed was VERY comfortable.There was ample space for me to spread out my suitcase and relax. The rooms had a flatscreen TV, desk, along with a minibar and ample closet space. The hotel was within walking distance to everything. The restaurant was very nice for breakfast and had an extensive offering. The restaurant was empty at dinner but the food was quite good. The Concierge was very helpful in assisting me with my first night room woes and later mailing off some packages.The hotel was clean and spacious. All the staff were very friendly and helpful. I would return for another stay and look forward to it!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	4	

<Author>veteranworldtraveler
<Content>good hotel, you probably won麓t be disappointed, but not impressed getting fair value for your money in florence isn麓t easy.... with the incredible demand for space and the huge numbers of tourists moving through the city daily, it麓s definitely a seller麓s market. i would rate the lucchesi a decent value with a number of good points, with the range of a superior first class property, but definitely below the exclusive luxury range. the brutal truth is that to get into an exclusive deluxe property in florence you are looking at $500-700 per night, sometimes more. that said, this hotel offers a decent value for the $350-400 range it charges on it麓s own website. we found the room, a 麓deluxe麓room, to be adequate in size, quite clean, but with a definitely dated bathroom, and hints of wear and tear around the edges... this can pretty much be said for all areas of the hotel. the tv channel selection is rather sad, with cnn being the only english channel and only about 12-15 channels in total. any first class hotel should have at least bbc and cnbc or bloomberg available, and most do. good points..... the breakfast is quite excellent in selection, with good service and extra cappucinos arriving quicky and with a smile. laundry service is reasonable in cost for europe. i read a few reviews complaining about staff attitude at the front desk, but we didn麓t experience that. the occasions during our four day visit when we asked for assistance it was given cheerfully and in a professional manner. i am often amused when i read these reviews where it seems that people expect a theatrical performance from the front desk staff... as long as they are pleasant and get things done that麓s fine with me. you also have to keep in mind that this seems to be 90% a tour group hotel, from what we saw. locationwise, it is excellent, as others have mentioned, and it麓s an easy walk everywhere and yet far enough away from the exact center of town that there was no excess noise around at night. upon departure we were pleasantly surprised that apparently florence taxis have a flat rate of 23 euros to the airport, which otherwise could have been much more. in summary, if we returned again to florence, we would probably try something different, with hopes of being impressed with value above and beyond what we paid. but you aren麓t likely to be disappointed in the lucchesi as long as you keep the realistic limitations mentioned above in mind.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>sl75
<Content>Awful, the only plus was the view I stayed for 3 nights early June 2007 with my family and some family friends. We booked 5 rooms in total and were initially greeted by a friendly concierge and front desk. Problems began the evening we got there. Having reserved a table for 8 people at 8pm through the front desk, we were shooed away by the maitre d even though the restaurant was practically empty. The receptionist went to calm him down and we were seated after a few minutes. Not sure if he got the memo but he was extremely rude from start to finish.Anyways, after giving him a substantial tip he became extremely friendly whenever we dined at the restaurant. My room was not as clean as it should be. My glass tumblers were layered with dust and I found my shawl caught in the mini bar after housekeeping had cleaned the room one day. Plus it was a very drafty room and the heater didn't work. There was only a thin duvet to keep me warm at night.I have to mention a funny incident as I was sitting in the lobby one afternoon. I was reading a complimentary magazine which was displayed on the table. After I finished, I placed it next to me on the seat as I was having a conversation with someone. Out of the corner of my eye I saw one of the porters shuffling towards me. He picked up the magazine, threw it on the coffee table and gave me a nasty glare. How's that for attitude?? My guests and I just laughed it off in disbelief.On our last night, the concierge messed up our car bookings and were really rude about it. He blamed us for cancelling the car when all we did was to confirm it. Maybe it's a language thing.Nevertheless, the management of the hotel seriously needs to train their staff properly. The service is so poor. I would love to go back to Florence one day but I definitely wouldn't be coming back to this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>AAflyerSeattle
<Content>Loved our stay My husband and I just reviewd from our trip. We enjoyed our stay at the Plaza Lucchesi very much. We are picky travelers and this was our second time in Florence. The things we liked:1. Good location to walk to all the sites and resturants. Far enough so that it provided some peace and quiet after a long day of touring.2. Our room overlooked the hillside, which we liked. It was very quiet at night. The room was very clean and decorated beautifully. 3. Bathroom was large, clean. But very simple. Mostly white tile. Shower was great, but a little tight. 4. Beds were pretty standard for Italy, on the hard side. We had two twin beds that were pulled together which made sleeping a bit uncomfortable. We would ask for a full bed in the future. 5. Front desk and staff were effiicent and friendly. Got tickets to the Uffizi at the last minute. Dinner recommendations were great. 6. Breakfast was very nice and included all the items you would expect, rolls, ham, cereal, coffee, fruit. We were very pleased with our stay and we would recommend staying at the Plaza Lucchesi  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Crizdee
<Content>Great Experience in Florence Absolutely loved the Hotel Lucchesi! The concierge was very helpful and the front desk staff was very accomodating! Breakfast was wonderful and dinner, though pricey, was absolutely delicious.The hotel is in a great location and has some great views of the Arno River. Our twin room was a loft with huge ceilings and an amazing view. This is not a luxury resort, but is definitely a great place to come back to after a full day of sightseeing and enjoying Tuscany.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>calboy2
<Content>Superb staff, great location, fabulous experience I really enjoyed our stay at the Plaza Lucchesi. The staff were very helpful and attentive (very important to me when traveling internationally). The breakfast service was great and included with our rate! The location is wonderful -- right on the Arno river (our room overlooked the water) and you are right around the corner from a few fabulous churches and sites. Everything in central Florence is walkable from the hotel. I would definitely recommend this hotel.The reason I am not giving the hotel 5 stars is that I found the beds to be a bit uncomfortable which is a pet peeve of mine. Also, when we originally checked in we were given a room without any view (it felt like a closet). We discussed our situation with the front desk and they moved us the next day to a wonderful room. We appreciated that!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>cr230
<Content>Loved the Lucchesi!! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Lucchesi in March and had an absolutely wonderful time. We had no idea what to expect as our hotel reservations were switched to the Lucchesi from another hotel a few weeks before we arrived. Luckily, when we arrived we were given a beautiful room with a view of the Arno river. The room and the bathroom were both very clean and comfortable. While the room was not huge by American standards, there was plenty of space for 2 people (coming from cramped NYC- there was more than enough room!). The desk staff and the concierge could not have been more accomadating and gave us some excellent restaurant reccomendations while we were there. The location of the hotel is great for sightseeing (nothing is further than a 15 minute walk) yet removed enough from the main tourist sites to give you some place quiet to relax. We thoroughly enjoyed our experience and would definitely go back to the Lucchesi.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MoscowRussia
<Content>Comfortable Hotel In addition to all positive comments I would like to mention Plaza Lucchese restaurant La Sera. We ate a nice regale dinner in Savoy's restaurant Incontro. But quality of La Sera 's simple food was even better. We found Plaza Lucchese as a very comfortable hotel.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CharlotteBartlett
<Content>Some rude, patronising staff My mother and I spent 4 nights at this hotel w/c 23/4/07. We booked a superior twin room and requested a view over the Arno - a request which was confirmed by email. On arrival we were shown to a room with a view over the town! We were promised that we would be moved but not until the following day so we lived out of suitcases for a night. Next morning we changed rooms. Beautiful view, bedroom ok but bathroom very much in need of redecoration and updating. Before booking we had read a review posted by Tamworthy of England in Nov 06. This review seemed at odds with the others on Trip Advisor, however our experience was almost an exact replica. The porters and housekeeping staff were lovely but one concierge and maitre d' were aloof, bordering on impolite. On our last day we checked out and settled our bill before breakfast but on asking the concierge to book us a taxi, he said 'Have you paid'? in an extremely rude manner. We are frequent visitors to Florence but will never stay in this hotel again!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>blally
<Content>Great Hotel for exploring Florence My wife and I stayed at the Plaza Hotel Lucchesi for three nights and absoluatley loved the Hotel. The location is good and the rooms were nice and of better than average size for Europe. In fact, the room had a very comfortable bed (which is somewhat unusaul for Europe in our experience).The hotel was within walking distance to almost every site in Florence and is located right along the river. The staff was extremely pleasant and went out of their way to make our stay enjoyable. The concierage was both friendly and helpful and was able to track down sold out tickets to a few musuems at the last momment. It didn't hut that we got a good deal, but I would highly reccommend this Hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KC55
<Content>Great Bargain!!! The Plaza Lucchesi was an excellent choice for our vacation.We stayed there the entire week of April prior to Easter(2007).The hotel was in a great location, in walking distance fromshopping, museums, and restaurants. The staff is unbelievably friendly and the complimentary breakfast that we had every morning was outstanding. The room was a bit small butit was very clean and well taken care of. Overall, I was verysatisfied with the hotel in every manner.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>praisejoy
<Content>loved it This hotel was beautiful. The staff was always willing to help and very courteous. Our room was amazing. It had two floors and we had a spiral staircase. The bathrooms were new looking and clean. The view we had over the Arno River and to Oltarno was amazing. The breakfast buffet was delicious. I'd recommend the Lucchesi to anyone who visits the beautiful city of Florence.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>srbjsim
<Content>Very Nice Hotel We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in March 2007 and it was very nice. We had a room with a beautiful view facing the Arno River. The room was very nice but the bathroom was a little small. The American breakfast was very good with lots of variety. The hotel staff was very pleasant and helpful. The only negative was the distance from the hotel to all the major sites but it was worth the stay.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Love_Reading25
<Content>First-Class Firenze We had a balcony room on the 4th floor and it was excellent. The view was wonderful - overlooking the Arno, a great place to enjoy a glass of wine and watch a sunset. The location is good too - expect to do a lot of walking, but the hotel is just down the river from the Luccesi and other popular attractions. The room was beautiful with a king-sized bed, comfortable furnishings and room for myself and husband and our baggage. We travelled very light so space wasn't a huge issue for us. The ammenities in the bathroom were fine, although the shower was very small.The staff was excellent - very attentive and helful. The included breakfast buffet was a great way to start each day with traditional European favorites as well as American choices. We would definitely stay here again - it was a wonderful experience for both my husband and myself.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>millyUsa
<Content>Absolutely wonderful Lucchesi! My sister and I stayed at the Lucchesi for 2 nights and loved it. The hotel upgraded our 2-bed nonsmoking room to a suite, which had a great view of the Arno river, a small sitting area, 2 TVs, a DVD player, and a lovely large bathroom. The concierge staff was excellent, and spoke very good English. The breakfast featured both hot items (eggs, bacon, sausage) as well as fruit, yogurt, pastries, etc. A complimentary copy of the Wall St. Journal in English was available every morning. Everything about this hotel exceeded our expections!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ShaneHP
<Content>Room With A view       Hotel  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jvos
<Content>Loved the Lucchesi After staying in Venice for 2 days and on our way to Rome for 4, my husband and I stayed at the Plaza Lucchesi for 2 nights in February. We really had a great experience there! Check in was smooth and the desk staff /porter were extremely pleasant, friendly and helpful. We were delighted to see our room, which was bright and large. The hotel is situated right on the Arno River and our room had a beautiful view of it. The only downsides of the room: the bed was a bit firm for our taste and the bathroom seemed to be tired and in need of some renovation. But, overall, we loved the hotel so these things were easily overlooked. The bar at the hotel was nice (and quiet when were there in February). Again, the bartender was friendly and chatted with us a bit. Although the drinks are a bit pricey, they come with some delicious appetizers to nibble on. Also, the location of this hotel is very convenient, only a very short walk to Piazza Santa Croce and from there, a few more minutes walk to the Piazza del Duomo (a little bit longer to the Accademia). When we checked in, we received a map with all of the main attractions circaled for us. We also received 2 excellent restaurant recommendations: for lunch, we went to Boccadama in Piazza Santa Croce. The food/wine was delicious (get the pear and walnut salad) and very reasonably priced. For dinner, we went to Dino's (Via Ghibellina) which was out of this world (our favorite meal from 8 days in Italy and there is a lot to be said for that)! It is a very nice little restaurant with an enticing menu. You MUST try the fried meatballs and the house specialty beef. The house wine is bottled especially for Dino's and is equally as good.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WestLondonBell
<Content>A wonderful hotel       sunrise from our room oblique left  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ClaireCalifornia
<Content>Loved it!!  I traveled to Florence in hopes to find the fountain where my Dad stood in front of 67 years ago during WWII. I traveled with a small picture of my Dad that my Mom had told me was taken in Florence. I asked EVERYONE, taxi drivers, locals, tour guides and of course the staff at the Hotel Lucchesi, if they perhaps recognized the fountain. As the days went on with no luck, I had almost given up hope, when my hotel room phone rang with a voice that said I have good news and bad news. The good news is we have found the location of the fountain, the bad news is, it is in Rome. The voice was none other than the Concierge Michele. When I arrived downstairs at the desk, he provided me with the exact address and location and proceeded to make train reservations for me the following morning to Rome. I later found out that he had worked overtime on this project (at home) and with the help of Barbara, found what I came to Italy to see. Words will never express my thanks to Michele, Barbara and the Hotel Lucchesi. Besides all of that, we were upgraded to a beautiful balcony room overlooking the Arno, breakfast was great, perfect location...overall, fantastic! By the way, I have pictures of myself posing in front of the exact location that my Dad did 67 years ago. We are now both side by side in a frame on a wall in my home, and everytime I look at it, I relive my experience all over again when I first laid my eyes on the fountain. The trees have grown a bit and the cars are of course different, but I know that he was looking down at me and saying I knew you would find it, and you did!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>family2007
<Content>loved the Lucchesi the employees were all friendly and very helpfulthe resturaunt is good but expensivewe will be backbe sure to request river view-beautifulworth the upgrade if available  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sacramentoexplorer
<Content>Its the Best!!!! This was our first trip to Italy. We began by flying into Rome Airport and having a pre arranged car service drive us to Florence. Coming direct from California it made for a long 30 hours of travel. However, when we arrived in Florence we could not have been more thrilled with the Plaza Hotel Lucchesi. Although it was not smack in the center of all Florence, it was within EASY walking distance to everything. It was minutes from the Basilica of Santa Croce, the Uffizi and other locations we visited. I liked staying outside the core of activity because it is quieter and you get to see what life is really like in the local area.This was only our second time to Europe traveling with a family of 5 (a 17, 15 and 7 year old). I spent hours on the internet looking for the perfect hotel and we found it in the Plaza Hotel Lucchesi. The hotel accommodated us with two very clean adjoining rooms overlooking the Arno. The bathrooms were clean (my daughter just informed me they could have been a little cleaner) and large. I appreciated the wood flooring because I know how carpeting tends not be vacuumed or cleaned as often. The only draw back on the wood floors was the one night the guest on the floor above us seemed to be sleep walking in high heels for a few good hours.In our opinion the breakfast was terrific! There was a good selection of croissants, breads, jams, eggs, fresh juice, American coffee, cappuccinos, champagne and fruit among other items. Cloth napkins and attention to detail by the servers was appreciated. It filled our needs prior to getting our day started. And the servers were just as helpful as can be. Traveling with five people, we tend to watch our budget more closely so we did not eat dinner in the Hotel restaurant. The hotel was nice and comfortable and they had a bar in the lobby. As we traveled the week before Christmas, there was not much activity in the bar or lobby seating area - which is one reason I like to travel in December.The wireless internet in the hotel was good but could only be accessed from the hotel lobby which was not a problem for me. I brought my laptop and so it made it easy to use. The wifi signal was always strong, but the server it accessed was horrible. It either tossed me off or I could not get beyond the hotels wifi connection. The WiFi service in our Rome Hotel was a lot worse as I had to pay for service and then was not able to use it because the servers never provided me access onto the internet. Oh well, I did not come to Italy to work anyway.The best pizza we found was at a little Pizza only cafe on a street called Corso dei tintori. You buy by the slice and they have about five or six varieties to choose from. I wish we wrote down the name of it.We visited most of the more familiar museums and churches - Uffizi (the hotel concierge arranged for the tickets, but in the winter time I think we could have saved ourselves money and bought tickets ourselves because there were no lines to get in). Some of the most incredible clean and nice restrooms were located in the BASEMENT of the Uffizi. Other bathroom locations were in the nicer hotels in central Florence. My son convinced me to climb the 436 steps of Doumo. For six euros per person, it did not seem like a big deal. Let me just say the view was well worth the advanced aerobic level exercise of climbing those stairs.We spent four days in Florence and saw all the sites. One of the days we purchased train tickets and went to Lucca for about 4 hours and hopped the train again to go see Pisa where we spend about two hours and then headed back to Florence. It was a great side trip.I want to thank all my trip advisor friends (reviewers) for their candid and honest opinions of this hotel. I solely booked the Lucchesi on their reviews and comments. Thank you!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>ITALYRUNAWAY
<Content>Great Great Hotel Great, Great, Great, Hotel from all aspects, location, service, roomsize! You cannot get anything better for the price you pay in Firenze! Location......5 to 7 minutes on foot from the main square! Service.......excellent rooms are services twice a day, towels are changed twice a day, nice hot contant running water, bathrooms very good size! Roomsize.....our room was without a view as they did not have any with a view or terrace unfortunately but beleive us it was large...200sq feet. We highly recomend this hotel its just great! Michele the conceirge is just the right person for the job!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BeamMeThere
<Content>Great hotel, noisy furniture dragging neighbors? This is a great location, walking distance to Uffizi, the Ponte Vecchio. The view of the Arno is nice as well. The rooms are very roomy and nice. The concierge as many had stated is very helpful in booking dinner reservations and also getting you museum reservations so you don鈥檛 have to wait in line or not wait as long at least. That is worth the premium you pay. The complimentary breakfast is in the dining room and it is a nice spread, the croissants are great! The only complaint I have was the noise. The hotel rooms all have parquet wood floors which is nice except that right above us the people seem to rearrange furniture every night around midnight 鈥?1:00 AM ! All I know is we hear sounds like someone is dragging stuff across the floor and it lasts for 20 minutes or so. I should complain to the concierge but the next morning I forget to! I would definitely stay in this hotel again and will complain first sign of furniture dragging noise! In terms of food: The first night the concierge recommended Restorante Dino which was within walking distance and very reasonable price. The food was good. After that night we relied on our Frommers Guide and had dinner at La Giostra 鈥?very good food, a little pricey but worthwhile. After we ordered, the owner came over with a huge platter of appetizers and we thought that he brought it to the wrong table. Turns out it is complementary and he proceeded to explain each item. There were like 9 to 10 different items, 4 of each so we all can have every item: buffalo mozzarella, fresh fig (first time any of us had that), bruscetta, goat cheese spinach potatoes, etc The platter was delicious, which alone would have been worth 30 euros. The restaurant is small but with lovely atmosphere. Another great restaurant recommended by Frommers is: Trattoria Garga. Again great Italian food. The other thing you must have while in Florence or anywhere in Italy is Gelato, its is to die for and I鈥檓 not even a big ice cream eater. The Michelangelo Gelataria in Piazzale Michelangelo is a really good one in our opinion. As for sights, if you have time to only see one thing, I would say go to the Galleria dell鈥橝ccademia to see the David statue, it will take your breath away. Here鈥檚 hopefully a helpful tip: if you go to the Florence train station as we did (came from Rome via train and also used it to go to Pisa), they have toilets that you have to pay near one of the platforms. If you just go to the McDonalds, there are bathrooms, although not great. Better yet, if you can wait, go to the big McDonalds across the street, they have many stalls in that one and the restrooms are in the basement and very clean.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>erikapAtlanta
<Content>Ahhh, Firenzi Loved it! Our room with a view of the Arno was beautiful and the view absolutely breathtaking. The bed was extremely comfortable, breakfast was fantastic (including champagne for mimosas), the shower was terrible (not clear on why hotels don't have showers that have doors that actually close and keep the water in). The concierge was great (when it wa the actual concierge, and not a temporary fill in) and the front desk staff was fantastic. Terrific location about 1/2 mile from the Uffizi Gallery and right around the corner from a Piazza with shops and restaurants.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kirilo
<Content>Great, but no Internet We just spent the entire Thanksgiving week (Nov 2006) at this hotel and found it to be a mix of the great and the not so great. As far as the hotel itself, the accomodations were great and we didn't have any problems with our room at all. The day staff was great and extremely helpful and their consierge answered all my pre-arrival emails expeditiously and always took care of all our demands. He even did our room upgrade and gave us one of the 3 rooms with a balcony, which was great! From this perspective we enjoyed this beautiful hotel and would recommend it to anyone wating a serene and elegant residence when visiting Florence.The only major problem we had with the hotel was that it prominently advertised free wireless internet on its brochure and over the Internet, but that was simply not the case when you got there. It was free alright, but the only internet connection they had was at the lobby and only one single person could be logged in at the time for the entire hotel! Since both my wife and I do a lot of work and teach over the Internet, this was just unacceptable for people like us who need that conncetion on a daily basis when away from home. People using the single account could use it for 2 hours at a time, so you could be out of connection forever waiting for other people to finish what they were doing. Had we known about this beforehand, we would have chosen another hotel for our Florence stay (the staff did not show any emotions when we informed them of this, as if they were immune to such pleas by now). We did manage to use the Internet regularly by walking a few blocks to a fantastic pub named Moyo, which had free wi-fi for everyone with a 2 hour limit (you could renew it, though). The pub was open from about 9AM to 2AM, so logging in was no problem. At 7PM the pub also dishes out a fantastic amount of free food for their customers, which was kind of nice too. Just didn't feel that afer spending so much money for this hotel we would have had to walk down the street to use the Internet. So, if you don't really need to be connected while in Florence, this is a great hotel for you to stay. However, if you managed to scape to Italy provided you had that connection, then you would do better by finding another hotel.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	1	

<Author>Tamworthy
<Content>A Nightmare! I was a recent guest in this hotel. I found the staff to be unfriendly and unhelpful. I could not believe I was in Italy.Our room was unavailable on arrival....2.45 p.m. and our luggage was not in the room when we returned two hours later.There was no information in the room on Florence. We could have been in any non descript hotel room any where in the world.The room was dull and needed redecorating. I dread to think what the standard rooms were like. The room was like a sauna and made sleeping very difficult. There was no point opening the window for fresh air, the Hotel is on one of the busiest entries into Florence.If you had a bath, you had to ring housekeeping to remove the plug. The place was like a morgue. The sitting area is sterile and lacks warmth and character.This is a hotel with wonderful views and within a ten minute walk of the Uffizi. So, why are the staff miserable? Why does the hotel feel so dead?This could be a good hotel.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>ireneandfra
<Content>River side hotel in good location Stayed for two nights Plus points Best price found on Summit Hotels Web site Good location Great views from rooms at front of hotel Breakfast excellent Very clean.Friendly staff. Neg Point.Constant traffic and pedestrian noise . Unable to be provided with hot water and a tea bag after midnight when partner was feeling unwell .( no tea / coffee making in rooms)Decor old fashioned and tired lookingBathrooms clinical which gives you that cold feeling.Macarthur, Scotland  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>alma_mater
<Content>Excellent Stay Excellent hotel. Excellent service. Excellent stay.I strongly reccoment this hotel in Florence, just in front of the Arno river, next Ponte Vecchio. My room was very big, nicely decorated and with a beautiful terrace overlooking the whole Florence. Very confortable bed. Only the bathroom was not really class, but shiny and clean.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dhemmert
<Content>Our favorite hotel of our trip to Italy We loved this hotel. The rooms are large and clean and well appointed. The staff was friendly. The hotel is within walking distance to San Croce, Uffuzi and right on the river. We could even see the replica of David on the Michelangelo Plaza on the hill from our window. We wished there was Internet connectivity in the room, but we had to go to the lobby for this. We enjoyed the big breakfast spread and, if you are missing American style coffee, there is lots in the breakfast service.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>AnnieTX123
<Content>Loved this place! this is an excellent hotel! It was well worth the extra money for an upgrade. The rooms were beautifully decorated, the bath was very large and everything was so clean. The hotel is right on the river just a few blocks from the Ufizzi and Santa Croce. Breakfast was fabulous-- make sure you ask the staff to bring you a freshly-made cappucino instead of the regular coffee service. The staff gave out excellent restaurant recommendations and even made a personal wake-up call to ensure we didn't miss our flight home. I loved this hotel and would consider going back!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Pauper
<Content>Well placed hotel Hotel is nicely placed in Florence. It is an eight minute walk to the Uffizi and only a short stroll from there to all the other sites in medieval Florence. Our room looked over the River Arno and was nice. Didn't try the hotel restaurant. We ate at the Golden View Restaurant on the Ponte Vecchio - nice food and a lovely view of the bridge at night. In summary, the hotel was nice but had a slightly faded feel to it.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>WSG34
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! We had a great experience staying at this hotel. My partner and I were on a 2 week Italy vacation staying in four different cities.From the moment we checked in, I knew this was going to be a great experience. The staff was superb! I asked for assistance in changing a train ticket and they took care of it for me without any hesitation. They even remembered my name each morning when I came down for breakfast. (That was impressive!!) We had a very nice sized room with GREAT AC! A yummy buffet was also included in our room rate. This hotel is about a 5-7 minute walk from Plazzo Vecchio and the Uffizi Gallery. I would highly recommend you take the CitySightseeing Firenze Bus (About 18euros per person) and take both line A  B tours. You can hop on or off the bus at any stop and it's a great way to see the city and get yourself oriented. Make some time to stop in Fiesole too, it's a beautiful town about 20 minutes outside of Florence!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Heart10
<Content>Beware We book two nights at this hotel for May 2007. We were charged one nights deposit upon our reservation. We have cancelled due to change of plans. Upon contacting the hotel for our refund we were refused. They told us we can use it for a future stay. I called the hotel and asked for management and the gentleman who answered advised he was in charge. I explained what the problem was and he immediately told me that he couldn't help me because their computers were down. Then I asked for the phone number to the police so that I could report them and he replied, one moment, I look it up on the computer. Ten seconds earlier the computer wasn't working but suddenly it is???? This gentleman did give me the number and was polite but still their customer service is to charge you and even though you cancel months in advance refuse to give you a refund. While I have no experience staying at this hotel, I felt I should share what I have went through months before arriving in Florence. Bad Customer Service.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>amaranga
<Content>Loved the Lucchesi! We stayed at the Lucchesi for 7 nights in August. We had booked a standard room and without evening asking, they had already upgraded us to a deluxe room with a balcony. The room was actually very spacious with a sitting area. On the website, it's the room with the column. We were also on the top floor with a wonderful view of Florence. This hotel is so clean and everyone at the front desk is so accomodating. The only complaint for me is that the bed was two singles pushed together and also made up as twins. Not good for newlyweds, which we weren't.The hotel also has their own garage, if you choose to have a car, which we did for excursions into Tuscany. The breakfast room was lovely. Fresh fruits, eggs, meats, great granola.Since we've been home, all we can think about is going back to Italy, and Florence. We would definitely stay at the Lucchesi again. We loved it!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>paoconno
<Content>One of the best in Florence Just got back from a five day stay at the Plaza Hotel Lucchesi.PlusesLocation. The hotel is right along the Arno river with a great view. Do not ever trust an Italian when they tell you how far something is. To them, everything is just a 5-10 minute walk. Rome, Los Angeles, all five minutes away. Below are the accurate walking times I recorded to all the hot spots from the Plaza Hotel Lucchesi.Ponte Vecchio- 12 minutesAccademia- 20 minutesUffizi 8 minutesDuomo- 20 minutesSanta Maria Novella- 35 minutes (take a cab)Santa Croce 7 minutesThe hotel is on a street that is relatively quiet so u get a good night sleep.The Staff The concierge and front desk all speak very good english. They got us tickets to the Uffizi and set up our taxis and shuttles with no problem. They were also polite and helpful with directions.The Breakfast Fabulous by European standards. Eggs, bacon, sausage, fresh fruit, pastries, coffee, tea and cereals.The Air Conditioning trust me, this is huge. In Europe during the summer, the heat is unbearable...you need ac.The negatives: Room size The room was tiny, even by European standards. So was the elevator. But if you go to Florence and spend a lot of time in your hotel...you're a fool.Restaurant staff Some of the restaurant staff was very rude. They kicked us out of the breakfast room, even though it was open for another 5 minutes. All in all, I would definitely recommend this hotel and I would stay there again. I also recommend making your reservations thru the hotel website, I found them to have better rates than any of the travel sites online.Below are my other suggestions if you are going to Italy:-get Euros thru the ATM only. Ordering euros through your bank or buying them thru an exchanger will cost you an additionial 30-40 bucks every time you do it.-bring sunscreen and bug repellant-try this great restaurant at the edge of the Ponte Vecchio called Golden View- be wary of pickpockets entering and exiting buses and at the train station.-if possible, get a tour guide for the Uffizi, there is so much art it gets overwhelming.-buy tickets in advance for the Uffizi and Accademia to avoid hour long lines.-drink lots of limoncello.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Artsy3003
<Content>Beautiful Hotel! My Boyfriend and I had stayed in three different hotels in Italy throughout our visit and this way BY FAR the best! The hotel was beatiful inside and out, centrally located with a extremely helpful staff. We had a corner room which was slightly noisy of water running etc, but nothing terrible. The room itself was spotless, and the maid service came in twice daily to clean and fix up. The Concierge, was very helpful and had our Museum tickets waiting for us (I had E Mailed him ahead of time), they were a little bit extra money but when we got to the Accademia and Uffizzi Gallerie lines, we saw it was money well spent. All the attractions are mostly walkable, very centrally located hotel. However, not close to the train station at all, taxi can be pricey, (and when we went taxi's were on STRIKE!) we took the bus # 12 or 13, you can buy tickets at there tabbachi shops and get to the train station from right outside the hotel for 1 Euro per person.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful! I, along with 4 friends, stayed at the Hotel Lucchesi in March. Unfortunately, (it has taken me this long to find the time to write!) Anyway, we absolutely loved it! Since I am a very light sleeper, upon checking in, I requested a room that would be as quiet as possible. We were immediately upgraded and ended up with a wonderful room that came with a beautiful view of the Duomo. The hotel was conveniently located, clean, and tastefully decorated. I cannot say enough about the concierge. He was a lifesaver. Only one of our party had ever been to Europe so we had lots of questions and needed lots of advice. He secured tickets for us, directed us to great resturants, and even found us a tour guide in Rome for the second leg of our trip. If I ever make it back to Florence, I would absolutely stay at the Hotel Lucchesi again!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb hotel We have just come back from a 7 day stay in the Plaza Hotel Lucchesi and can't wait to go back. Our room (103) was a duplex overlooking the Arno, and although it was a little noisy at night, the views were wonderful.The Lucchesi staff could not have been more helpful and the hotel is within easy walking distance of everywhere we wanted to go.Breakfast was more then satisfactory and the veal in the restaurqant was excellent. We highly reccomend the hotel and fully intend to return.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Miramar
<Content>Lovely hotel We stayed at this hotel as part of a Tauck escorted tour. This hotel has a central location a few blocks from the Santa Croce church. On a map it can appear to be not so central, but Florence is quite compact and walkable, so in actuality it is quite close to most of the sights.The hotel is situated looking out over the Arno River on one side and a back street on the other side. My room had a river view, with large window covered by large sliding shutters. Rooms had hard wood floors, flat panel televisions, glass chandelier, and mirrors on the wardrobe/closet doors make the room seem larger. Rooms were light and airy compared to some of the other hotels we stayed at. The one thing to watch out for is that the shower can tend to get the floor wet. In my room it was a tub with a folding glass partition along one third of the edge to try to contain the water from the shower. However, it does not do a great job.The food in the hotel restaurant for dinner was well prepared and quite tasty. The breakfast buffet was fine-- juices, pastries, bacon etc.I enjoyed my stay at this hotel and would definitely consider it when I return to Florence on my own someday.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>calabriavince
<Content>Great hotel On a recent trip to Florence,we stayed at the Plaza Hotel Luchessi and had a room overlooking the Arno. It was the kind of hotel experience you imagine when your planning a trip to Italy. Wonderful room, wonderful staff, located within walking distance of everything we wanted to see. We would stay here again in a heartbeat. The Leather School is directly behind the hotelin the Plaza San Croce and worth the trip for gifts. And try the Ristorante la Maremma just off the San Croce. Delicious food, great service, excellent Trattoria atmosphere.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ath17
<Content>Fantastic place to stay The views of the Arno were unforgettable. The staff was very helpful too. The concierge secured tickets to the Uffizi for us on very short notice. We ran into a couple that stayed at another hotel who were told advance tickets were unavailable and they would have to wait in line at the gallery for a few hours. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Termc9074
<Content>Great Hotel We just got back and the hotel was great.They gave us a room on the 4th floor over looking the Arno and the countryside.Shower was a bit small,but thats our only complaint.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Upgraded to Heaven       Room with a View (416)  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>munimaya
<Content>Very good deal! My wife and I stayed at Lucchesi for 4 nights. Because I read the tripadvisor's reviews, I asked the hotel to change my room with a better view after I was assigned a room facing the backyard. Upon my request, they assigned me a duplex room facing the Arno. (The bedroom is upstairs.) For 165 euro (standard), I could not ask for more. As for the bed, it was really hard though I expected it after reading the reviews. Afterall, I slept over the bedcover with the extra blanket on. Please note however that my wife had no complaint whatsoever about it. So, it depends. The furniture and utilities were old and need constant mending. But considering the fact that the hotel is about 150 years old, one of the oldest historic hotels in Firenze, you might be able to overlook it. The taxi to/from the train(FS) station cost us about 12 euro. After you put off all the luggages, you can walk around the city without any difficulty. Thank you Lucchesi and thank you tripadvisors!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Credit Card Caution!! While Florence was a joy, we were disappointed with the hotel service. We encountered a dispute with a tour company and the hotel front desk - without our approval or knowledge - gave out our credit card number and now we are at a grave disadvantage in fighting the charge.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A room with a View We stayed at this lovely hotel for 4 days. Our bed was great, comfy and soft. Shower doors ARE weird, you just have to figure out how to close them properly so you don't leak water all over the floor. There is a 120 volt US outlet in the bathroom with a built in hair dryer. The hotel staff is helpful. There is a safe in the room to lock up your valuables too. The hotel itself sits a bit away from the 'main drag' but the walking that you do is very easy, very safe, and there is always something pretty to look at!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic location and wonderful staff         
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AnneG20
<Content>Beautiful View My single room with balcony overlooking the Arno was beautifully situated, close to everything. The room itself was small but clean and comfortable. The bathroom, however, was small and not terribly clean. The shower (no tub) did not drain properly and was so small that when showering ones nose is pressed against the shower wall. This is not OK when the shower wall is visibly unclean. The breakfast was quite good and filling. The Staff was very pleasant but not especially helpful. I do not consider this to be a 4 star hotel or worth the price. However, the view was worth the other disappointments.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Beds Are Inhumane Hotel is fine, staff are excrutiatingly helpful, but the beds will kill you.It doesn't matter if you have a fantastic balcony (as we did) when the springs are a-stabbing (as they were).  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DianaA
<Content>Plaza Lucchesi - Wonderful We stayed at the Plaza Lucchesi for 3 nights at the end of September. We were given a fabulous room with amzing views and a large balcony. The room was clean and comfortable and very attractive. The staff all seemed very helpful and friendly. While some may find the 10 minute walk(if that) to be a little far, we loved being in a quieter area at night times, and i would say the hotel was central to all sights and attractions. We were very pleased with our experience here.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vacations from Boston
<Content>Boston Traveler I just returned from a 4 night stay @ the Plaza Lucchesi in Florence. We also stayed at this hotel in 2002 for 3 nights. Our stay was very pleasant and the hotel did not disappoint us. Our room was just average and smaller than the one we had 3 years ago, but honestly we spent very little time in the room. The staff was helpful with dinner reservations and a suggestion for a restaurant. The location is nice as it overlooks the Arno River and it's a short walk to Santa Croce Square. One day we needed to walk back from the train station and it was only about 20 minutes or so. You can get to all the major attractions with a 10 to 15 minute walk. Ask the hotel for recommendations for dinner within walking distance .. there are lots of great restaurants off the main areas. We ate at Restaurante Dino and Restaurante Leo this time. Both are very good but our favorite is Restaurante Leo just off the Santa Croce Square. I think we've had dinner there 5 times and it's never disappointing. Overall, the hotel is a good choice that includes a buffet breakfast. One day we asked for scrambled eggs and bacon and they will serve them, so you have to ask.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lankz
<Content>Quiet and nice It is 10 min walk from the old city and very nice service. Had the river view and it was very nice. I have actually gone back to stay at the hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional Hotel Near Santa Croce This hotel is exceptional in its decor, service, and appearance.Our room actually consisted of three: a day room with flat-screen television, the bedroom, and a large bathroom with a shower / bathtub. The room was lovely, with a splendid view of Santa Croce. The walls are painted a tasteful yellow and the furniture is neo-Provencal.Each evening, after our rooms had already been made, the maids would return while we were out to dinner to place a mat near our bed which read Buona Notte and to shut our curtains.The beds are very comfortable and the bathroom is exceptionally large for an Italian hotel. The toilettries are of the highest quality and, as such, this was the first time I used hotel shampoo and body gel. The room is well air-conditioned.The breakfast is splendid--fresh prosciutto, fruit, flavourful cheese, and champagne are among the delicacies. The staff is exceptionally helpful and will arrange for museum admission so that you can avoid the mad queues at the Uffizi.Be forewarned that if you are travelling with someone who has difficulty walking long distances, the hotel is about a ten minute walk to the Duomo and / or Piazza della Signoria. You may need to rely on taxis occasionally, especially in the heat.Overall, a superb hotel worth patronizing.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MeetmeinSanJuan
<Content>Nice Stay I stayed at the Plaza Lucchesi Hotel at the end of June and thought that it was very charming. The rooms aren't huge, but they are large enough. They each have a plasma tv (a nice modern touch). The location is wonderful. You're basically within walking distance to all the main attractions of Florence; the Uffizi, the Ponte Vecchio, etc. We stayed in a suite that had breathtaking views of the Tuscany hills as well as the Duomo. Breakfast is sufficent, a mix of American and European. I think that this hotel is good, but I'm well aware of other hotels that are in the area that seem to be slightly more luxurious. If you're looking for a nice and convenient hotel, this is the one, but if you want a extremely luxurious hotel in Florence, you may want to stay at a different place.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Rocketronnie
<Content>We wouldn't stay anywhere else! We have been guests at the Lucchesi for four years now on a regular basis, and have just returned from our latest visit. I just had to write a review as it has been consistently wonderful. We would not dream of staying anywhere else. The hotel is elegant, clean and comfortable, the views are wonderful. But the best thing about the hotel is the staff. They are so genuinely nice, ever-helpful and nothing is too much trouble. We have been directed to the most superb restaurants, they have made all sorts of arrangements for us and we love 'em. Everything you would want to see on a trip to Florence, the Ponte Vecchio, the Uffizzi, Piazza Signoria, Duomo, shopping etc are within a few minutes walk, and the hotel has lovely views of the River Arno on one side and Santa Croce on the other. The Lucchesi really is our home from home in Florence, and we have already booked to return in September.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We have no bananas! We stayed at the Hotel Plaza Lucchesi from 28/05/2005 to 02/06/2005. (UK date)The room was of a good standard, and the public lounge is actually nicer than the picture on the website. The bedroom was comparable to a 4 star Hilton room, slightly larger, and was at the front of the hotel. We didn鈥檛 find it noisy, we slept well and the bed was one of the most comfortable ones we have had at any hotel. The wildlife on the Arno river bank was amazing, beavers swifts, turtles and egrets. The hotel staff were helpful with one exception, the Maitre d' who was surly, ignorant and unhelpful. We ate at the restaurant on our first evening. I would not recommend the hotel restaurant for an evening meal, overpriced, processed food with your order taken by a man who doesn't listen. Breakfast was the average Italian tourist buffet including some fresh and tinned fruit. I asked the Maitre d' if I could have a banana and he told me that there were none left. I went to the concierge and asked if there could be some made available the following day. He phoned the kitchen, a waiter turned up with a banana! I asked the waitress the following morning for a banana and she brought three, (I only took one).Now I know this might seem a little strange but I am diabetic and a banana is good to slip in your handbag just to keep you going in-between breakfast and lunch or if you have a low blood sugar. I don鈥檛 eat a lot for breakfast so I don鈥檛 think I was costing Summit Hotels more than any other person. I would like to say thank you to the Concierge. The Maitre d', well I wouldn鈥檛 ask him for the time of day if I could help it!I would have given the hotel 4 stars but for the above incidents.I would recommend the Tratoria Antilise not far from the Medici Chapel on the Via Faenza. We had such a warm and friendly welcome from all the staff we went back a second time. The food was excellent, the wine not over priced and the atmosphere was great. This really was 5 star.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>The-Georgia-Longs
<Content>Good, but I think there were better This hotel was friendly and had clean rooms- very dated, but clean. Make sure you do not stay in the front rooms- I have read this, but of course did not change our location. Very Loud! We had a loft upstairs for 2 adults and one child. Not bad for size. Bathroom was larger than normal, and did not run out of hot water.The breakast buffet was a nice start to the morning. (Price included)Staff was friendly and spoke very good English.This was not my favorite hotel of the three we stayed in, but then again, Florence was not my favorite place.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TNgal
<Content>Expected More We stayed in Florence from April 11-14, 2005 and chose this hotel based on the outstanding reviews on Trip Advisor. The pictures and descriptions looked awesome. We really thought this hotel would be the highlight of our trip through Italy with other stays in Venice and Rome.When we arrived we were checked in and given a great detailed map. The porter was helping other people so the desk clerk showed us the room with bags being brought up later. The room was very large with two twin beds shoved togther. We had view of the Santa Croce and the hills beyond. We had a very large bathroom with a tiny little tub and shower. There was a radiatior in this room but it never worked. In fact the heat in the room didn't work. We turned it all the way up and froze all night. To add to the problem the maid took away the bedcovers and we had nothing but a sheet and a light cotton cover on the bed.We read on every website that this hotel had the cool LCD tv's. We had a funky old fashioned TV with the cover for the buttons broken off. The remote made no sense and we couldn't even figure out how to turn it on. The hotel is a 10.00 Euro cab ride from the train station. Although it is very close to Santa Croce it is a long walk to all the other sites. Since it was early in the day we headed out and stopped by the concierge to ask for two extra pillows for the bed.When we got back to the room there were no extra pillows. We finally figured out how to turn on the TV but there was no cable. We called downstairs and 15 minutes later the maid came in with the pillows and she checked the TV. The cable was disconnected on the back.The next morning we ventured down for breakfast and it was by far the skimpiest of all the Italian hotels we stayed at. There was canned fruit, rolls, two types of meat and one cheese. The proscuitto was so tough I chewed it forever and thought I would choke. There were 5-6 employees circling like vultures and it made us feel uncomfortable as we ate. No one was having bacon and eggs and none of the staff even let us know it was available. I just read about that now on the site.I must say the room was very large and clean. The staff was not overly friendly and never said thank you for anything until we tipped them and then they lit up like sunshine. This place just didn't give me the warm and fuzzy experience I had hoped for.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JulieCB
<Content>beautiful view, balcony Barbara at the front desk upgraded us to room 416 with a balcony and a beautiful view of the churches. It was perfect! Just as good as the Villa Medici with a balcony but much cheaper! It is a little out of the way, but the walk is good for you. We were pleasantly surprised.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Traveler111Stamford
<Content>Good Service and Location Overall, a very good hotel and wonderful service. We were nicely welcomed when we arrived at the front desk and we received help with our luggage from a very helpful and friendly bellman. Our triple room was huge with a single bed in its own small room with the king size bed in a very large, high ceiling room with balcony and small desk area with flat screen TV complete with plugs if you want to view your digital pictures, etc. We faced the back with lovely views of churches mountains. We had no road noise at all. The room was very clean. The only downside to our room and I understand that this a recurrent problem at the hotel is that many rooms like ours have bathrooms that are absolutely freezing. The radiator in the bathroom does not produce enough heat to warm the room. The hotel asked if we wanted to move but we loved the room so much that the thought of moving wasn't going to happen so we kept the door to the bathroom open to get heat from our bedroom. For the 3 days that we stayed, it was not a big deal but some may want to check this out before getting a room. Service at breakfast was very attentive and quick. The food, as someone pointed out in an earlier post, was acceptable but not great. The excellent service, however, compensated for this and you can ask for eggs which were prepared without any additional charges--nowhere does it say this so you just have to know. Also, a single computer on the lobby level was convenient with free internet access, complete with printer. We would definitely stay here again--we stayed at 4 great hotels in Italy and this was my daughter's favorite hotel (mostly due to the flat screen tv and the fact that they have MTV!!).  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Along the Arno . . .great rooms . . .great service . . .great breakfast . . .quiet and classy!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CariStroudsburg_PA
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, Wonderful City!! We absolutely loved this hotel. The staff, especially concierge Michele, was exceptional and provided professional, prompt, and fantastic service. Our room was beautiful, although it did not over look the Arno river, we had a beautiful view of the Tuscan countryside and the Church of Santa Croce. Breakfast was more than adequate and scrambled eggs, bacon and cappuccino are available upon request. The location was superb, not right in the middle of Florence but easily within walking distance of major shopping, bus stops and Railway station. What a wonderful hotel with wonderful staff. Internet service is available at no extra charge, which was so convenient. The concierge has bus tickets, called the tour operators we booked with to confirm our reservations and even arranged our train tickets to Rome. We did not have to worry about one thing. We cannot wait to go back to Florence and will definitely stay at this hotel again and again.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best value in Florence? When I booked a Florence vacation package (airfare for 2, 6 nights hotel) online for $1800, I thought the Plaza Lucchese would turn out to be an elderly dowager of a hotel slumbering through its sunset years. Was I wrong! We got a large room overlooking the Arno, beautifully appointed, with a flat screen TV and spotless modern bath. Breakfast was the typical cold buffet, but fresh, plentiful and thoughtfully planned, with fruit juices, several choices of fresh and canned fruit, cold cereals, cheese, cold cuts, yogurt, preserves, rolls and pastries. The staff was fluent in English, friendly and eager to help. Their advice on museums and restaurants was concise, comprehensive, and accurate. The hotel is less than five minutes from Santa Croce and within a half-hour walk of all the major sights. One could hardly find a better place to stay -- and all for about $100 a night! Of course, this reflects the fact we came in February...the high-season price for our room was 360 Euro. Still, we got four-star treatment for a tourist-class price, and that qualifies as a bargain in my book. We would definitely recommend the HPL to anyone headed for Florence, especially off-season. There may be a better hotel in town, but I won't look any further.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't ask for more! We stayed at the Hotel Plaza Lucchesi over New Years. We absolutely LOVED this hotel. I work for an airline and do lots of traveling. This hotel was absolutely beautiful and in a great location. Our room was spotless. It was decorated beautifully in yellow and we had a flat screen TV. The bathroom was brand new and spotless. The hotel staff were superb. They were friendly, very helpful and gave great recommendations. The restaurant was very nice. Breakfast was OK (a good breakfast in Europe is impossible to come by). This hotel overlooks the Arno River. It's very close to everything but slightly off the beaten path. It's better to stay slightly off the beaten path because there is much less noise and you can get some sleep. I got a great rate by booking directly off their website. Next time I go to Florence, I will definatley stay at the Hotel Plaza Lucchesi!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful time I gave my husband a 5th anniversary present, a trip to Florence over the Thanksgiving holiday. The hotel was lovely as the staff was friendly, warm and very helpful. The location was within a 15 minute walk to the Ponte Vecchio but far enough away from the crowds. Our room was nicely appointed with a balcony overlooking the Arno River. We had booked a two story suite and the only negative might be that the bathroom and the bedroom were not on the same floor. The breakfast was plentiful and good. I would stay here again, when visiting this glorious city.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of our favorite small hotels My husband and I were in Italy for almost the entire month of September and we were lucky to stay in some fabulous hotels in Rome, Venice, the Amalfi Coast and in Northern Italy. The Plaza Lucchessi in Florence was, however, one of our favorite smaller hotels. We were warmly welcomed by the staff, and had great help from the concierge in selecting terrific restaurants each evening. Our room was smaller than some we stayed in, but beautifully appointed, clean, quiet and comfortable. The best part was the fabulous view overlooking the Arno River! The gorgeous sunsets and sunrises by the river reminded us of why we came to Italy. The hotel was situated within walking distance to the Ufizzi Gallery, the Duomo and many of the amazing plazas. Another great benefit was that the open air tourist bus stops not far from the hotel and you can jump on, see the entire city to get a perspective of where all the sites are located, then go round again and get on and off wherever you please. It's a wonderful way to get to know a new city at a very reasonable cost. And it's fun! We highly recommend the Plaza Lucchessi and its wonderful staff.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Right on the Arno, view of the Duomo Hotel is located just a ten minute walk from the Ponte Vecchio bridge overlooking the Arno. The room was spacious with a gorgeous balcony that overlooked the Duomo. It is in a very quiet location, yet close to the major attractions in town. The breakfast was excellent and plentiful and the staff very professional and attentive. I HIGHLY recommend this hotel when traveling to Florence.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I Got Engaged! My boyfriend took me here as a surprise this new year. The reception staff were lovely, and the rooms great - very nice flat-screen TV! The river view is superb. We had an amazing time and got engaged just over the river from the hotel - a very romantic place to stay!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ietrvls
<Content>Pretty nice hotel. Very nice, clean hotel whith spacious rooms and bathrooms. Overall, I have stayed in nicer, but definately a four star for Europe. Most of the staff was pretty friendly, and the location was excellent along the river. Rooms can be a hit or miss. Ours was big, but faced the back alley so there wasn't much to look at. Make sure to request a room overlooking the river. The breakfast buffet was pretty good, and we ate there most mornings. Overall, if you can get a good price on the room, you can't go wrong.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value near Santa Croce This hotel exceeded our expectations. We stayed at the Plaza Lucchesi during our honeymoon. Our room overlooking the Arno was clean, bright, and big. The decor and the hallways reminded us of The Palace Hotel in San Francisco. The staff couldn't have been friendlier and offered some excellent suggestions for dining in the area. Although the hotel isn't centrally located, it's in a great location for visitors who enjoy walking and exploring. The hotel is around the corner from Santa Croce and a short walk to great restaurants like Cibreo and La Giostra. It's also close to the best pizzeria in the world--Il Piazzoulo.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zussinek
<Content>Lovely stay I stayed at this 4-star hotel with my husband from Oct 12-16. It was a special anniversary for us, and I let the hotel know this at the time of my booking, asking for a room with a balcony. This proved to be a wise move because the hotel gave us a fabulous room overlooking the Arno. The room was very large by anyone's standards, very bright, with a small sitting area in front of our king-size bed with a flat-screen TV. Our balcony spanned the entire room, allowing us some breaktaking views so compelling that we actually shortened our sightseeing on some days so that we could sit on the chairs provided and take it all in. Breakfast in the lovely restaurant was fair. Waiters were dressed formally and tables were set beautifully, but these trappings did not match the rather ordinary selection of food. Service was pleasant and helpful throughout our stay. The hotel is located outside the very centre of town, but we didn't mind the walk, particularly as we looked forward to taking in the view on the Arno at the end of a full day of sightseeing. The hotel could use some sprucing up, but overall, we would recommend staying there. Given the price one must pay for similar properties in Florence, we got good value for our money.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Coco21
<Content>Plaza Lucchesi - Just OK My husband and I stayed at the Plaza Lucchesi for two nights last week. We were not impressed. I had stayed at this hotel 15 years ago and had a wonderful room - what they call a duplex these days. I booked a classic double through the Summit Hotel website (probably a mistake now that I have read some of the previous reviews). For 240 Euros we got a room that was barely large enough to hold a king size bed that sagged in the middle, a desk and one luggage rack. The shower stall was small--as was the bathroom. No balcony and our view was of another building. The hotel was remodeled in 2000 and is already showing some signs of wear and tear--perhaps because of the many tour groups that pass through.On the plus side, the room was clean and located on the side of the hotel so we did not have traffic noise. There was a computer with free internet and a printer just off the lobby. The hotel phone charges were very reasonable. The breakfast was very nice--tho we did not know about the eggs available on request. We thought the location was great and we found some very nice restaurants only a couple of blocks away.Maybe our timing was bad and we arrived after the good rooms had been taken or maybe my expectations were too high based on my previous stay at this hotel, but the room we had was not worth 240 euros.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel; great location We stayed here for five nights in September, 2004 and were pleasantly surprised to have been upgraded to one of the rooms facing the Arno that had a sitting area and upstairs bedroom. The staff was very helpful and offered good recommendations for restaurants (Ristorante La Maremma was great). Location was easy walk to the Ponte Vecchio and Uffizi and not too far from the Duomo. Buffet breakfast was nice and there was also free internet access. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location, helpful staff! We had a lovely room with separate sitting area and huge balcony. Walking distance to everything and the staff and in particular the concierge extremely helpful. Would recomend and would stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Windjammer333
<Content>Excellent Hotel We stayed at the Plaza Lucchesi for four nights and were very impressed by the hotel and its staff. Our room overlooked the back of the hotel, with a view of Sta. Croce, so was very quiet (a luxury in Florence). Our room (standard double) was actually two rooms 鈥?an ante-room with sofa, desk and chair and TV, and the bedroom itself which was spotlessly clean and spacious, with a very nice bath. Breakfast was excellent 鈥?a buffet with a wide array of meats, cheeses, pastries, etc. Eggs were available upon request. Even the coffee was buffet-style, which was very convenient. Cappuccino could be requested.The bar was well stocked and drinks were generous. Dinner was average, but the service was excellent. The staff was very friendly and recommended several very good restaurants within easy walking distance. Free internet service is available. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean rooms, friendly staff... I searched high and low for an affordable hotel in Florence and thanks to TripAdvisor, I found it! The staff was friendly and efficient.The rooms (albeit a little small) were nicely decorated - we had a great view of the Arno River.The most important thing of all, it was very CLEAN. The hotel is not new, but has been nicely kept. Water pressure was good, the linens crisp and the towels were plush.The location was a little away from the center Republic Square (whereall the people watching can be done) but near the Ponte Vecchio and Santa Croce.All in all, Plaza Lucchesi met everything that we were looking for on our trip, for less than $200 a night - a great deal!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A gem on the Arno... Definetely worth the money. Lovely appointed rooms  common areas. A bit off the beaten track, but all points of interest well within walking distance. Booking online with the Hotel Plaza Lucchesi site will get you the best rate...you may want to request a room not on the street side (much quieter)  one with a balcony.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely honeymoon hotel We chose the Plaza Hotel Lucchesi in Florence for a week as part of our honeymoon because of the good reviews on this site. We were not disappointed.Upon arrival, we were upgraded to a suite that overlooked the river - lovely spacious room, beautifully decorated and extremely comfortable. The hotel's close proximity to most of the sights of Florence meant that we were able to walk comfortably and easily to everything we wanted to see. Breakfast was lovely and all of the staff extremely friendly and courteous.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay, by far the best part of our 2 week holiday in Italy, and will definitely be making a return visit.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wonderlust26
<Content>Big bang for your bucks What a delightful 2 night stay we had here. An attentive staff, decent location, lovely suite with a balcony looking out over the hills, soft Italian sheets, and an elegant breakfast made us anxious to return. A week later we had a disappointing preplanned night at the Aprile, which made this place look all the better.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wondeful Hotel, yet not centrally located I found the hotel, located north on the Arno River to be lovely. The service was excellent, staff friendly and helpful, and rooms clean and nicely decorated. The breakfast was delicious. The only concern I found with this hotel was the location. Though in the heart of Florence, it was about a 10 -15 minute walk to begin to get to any sight. Considering the fact that Florence is a walking city its location I felt was a bit of a detriment. However, if one is mainly concerned with a quality hotel I would recommend staying here.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quiet but convenient location Most of what there is to see in Florence is in about one square mile so you can walk the whole thing in about a half a day. This hotel is right on the perimeter of that one square mile district so it is convenient while being quiet. I found the desk to be very helpful and professional, the room was relatively spacious, and the location was just about perfect.I thought this place was a very good value.This place (like almost every other hotel I have been to in Europe) thinks that a king sized bed means 2 twin sized beds stuck together, but that is pretty much what you get in Europe.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful View from Room We stayed here in June. Very nice hotel right on the Arno River. We had a view of the city that was wonderful. The staff was very helpful.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Casklam
<Content>Wonderful Stay! Stayed here for 2 nights July. The Staff there was really helpful, the location was great (we suggest taking the hop on hop off sightseeing bus, bright red double-decker bus costs 20 Euros a person and is good for 24 hours, different bus lines take you all around the city while explaining all landmarks) Hotel was close to 2 of their stops. Everything was within walking distance so we were very happy about that. The breakfast was great, and just as the lady before said if you book directly thru the hotel's website you will get a better rate. We had a room in the back of the hotel which had a wonderful view of the hills and the church and was really quiet. We would stay here agian.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful hotel! As a woman traveling alone, I wanted a hotel that was in a good neighborhood, close to sights, and reliable service. After reading many reviews and researching, I chose the Plaza Lucchesi. What a great choice! Not only on the banks of the Arno, but behind the hotel is the Santa Croce church. The hotel is lovely, lobby and hallways clean, fresh flowers, the hotel staff were very attentive to me, helped me constantly. As a single, I was able to get the wonderful single room that has french doors with a balcony that open to the river. Small room, but decorated beautifully, immaculate white bathroom, polished furnishings, lovely linens. At night, they turn down your bed, and place a linen mat on the floor with the words Buena Notte to end the day. Breakfast, which was included in my rate, was excellent. In their lovely dining room, every food imaginable for a continental breakfast was served - pasteries, cold cuts, fruits, juices, cereals, etc. Staff were all courteous. I took an independent day tour and other women who were on the tour asked about my hotel - theirs was horrible, and when we happened to stop outside the Plaza Lucchesi, they all got out and ran into the hotel to check it out - they loved it. The hotel is very quiet - some traffic along the river, but rare for noisy Florence. A short walk to all the sights, easy to get to from the airport by taxi, an excellent restaurant within if you don't feel like eating outside. Being on my own, I felt safe, which is important. I would stay again any time. Check their web site to get special deals, which I did - a bargain at my rate of 110E per night including breakfast!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hidden GEM of a Hotel This CHARMING hotel was a surprise. We booked our room for about $150 a night, and we were blown away with this place. Elegant, small, and probably the best hotel experience we had in our 7-week European Holiday.The only draw back is that it is about a 10 minute walk into the action of Florence. Have cocktails in the lounge and you will be carried back to the 1920s with the style and music. Staff was friendly, and the included breakfast was very good.YOU WILL LIKE THIS PLACE!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Royshall
<Content>OK Hotel We stayed at the Lucchesi in late September. The rooms were of good size, the location was perfect. We had a problem with the room temperature in our room. It was turning colder outside and the room heaters were not yet on, although the hotel did have heat for the public areas  hallways. It was very uncomfortable in our room which was shaded facing Sante Croce Church. Also having no carpet in the room added to the problem. The food in the hotel was mediocre. The public areas however nicely adorned. For our next visit to Florence we stayed at a different propery as we felt a need to explore other hotels since this one did not entirely wow us.   
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel I can agree with most of the comments of other reviewers. My husband, 2 year old son, and I stayed here recently and were overall very pleased with this hotel. Many people comment on views of the Arno from their rooms, but I loved our room (No. 414) which had a large terrace with table and chairs. We had breakfast every morning on our terrace looking over the dome of the Duomo, and the towers of Palazzo Vecchio and Santa Croce. It was picturesque. We were not dissatisfied with the staff but did not have the fabulous experiences described by others. They were cordial enough but did not seem to go out of their way to help with travel plans. The only other downfall of this hotel was the bathroom. Our room was a huge triple with separate sitting area, hardwood floors, beautiful decor but the bathroom was cramped. Every time I got out of the shower I felt like I was going to fall into the toilet. Overall though, we were still very pleased with this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Great place. Great location. Right next to Piazza Santa Cros. Across the river. Great service.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK for the price For the price, the hotel is very good. The concierge service was great and the staff were very friendly. The rooms were OK, nothing great. Being away from the highly crowded and noisy streets is nice but it is a decent walk to the center of town and restaurants. This was an adequate hotel, very inexpensive, but lacked sophistication. I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fivedog
<Content>Loved Lucchesi After reading all the reviews of Florence hotels, I chose the Plaza Luchessi. It was just great! The staff couldn't do enough for us, including helping me figure out my Italian cell phone. The concierge was the best, arranging our train travel, and our day trips from Florence. Our room overlooked the Arno, and across to beautiful rolling hills and the Piazza Michaelangelo. The hotel is about two blocks from Santa Croce, close enough to everything to be handy, but far enough away to be quiet. Since one walks so much in Florence anyway, we did not mind the few extra blocks at all. Bed and bathroom were good. I highly recommend this hotel.   
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jojo
<Content>Felt Like We Were In a Movie       Our room facing the Arno River  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful view from a fabulous hotel We stayed at the Hotel Plaza Lucchesi in April of 2004 and had a wonderful experience. The rooms were clean with high ceilings and wonderful views of the River Arno. The staff was friendly and accomodating - called ahead to our next hotel, held our luggage while we did more sightseeing after we checked out, etc. The breakfast buffet was very good with great fresh fruit and traditional breakfast fare. I wished it had been in a more centralized location but was actually relieved that it was out of the bustle of central Florence where it was quieter. It was still within walking distance of all the major sights.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelAgentBocaRaton
<Content>A Great Stay I stayed at this hotel on my honeymoon in October 2003. We stayed in a Duplex Suite overlooking the Arno. The room was very big, perfect for families. Two levels at that. The bedroom was on the top floor and the siting area and tv was downstairs along with a step-our balcony. The staff was wonderful and I really like the fact that the hotel was on the river, very close to the historic center. Great choice for Florence.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing But a View Mediocre hotel with average service at best. Rooms are okay, but nothing great. The view of the Arno is hard to beat though.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>motto bene My wife and I stayed here for a week in early Dec. Absolutely wonderful, Michelle and company at the front desk could not have been more helpful. Great location, great on site resturant, very affordable and comfortable rooms.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Worm
<Content>Wonderful hotel, great location. We spent five nights here November 2003. The hotel was wonderful, the staff was wonderful, the location was wonderful. Barbara at the front desk and Luca, the doorman, were both incredibly nice. The river view from the room was unbelievably beautiful. I was pleased with the room and the bathroom, but the shower stall was too small. The lobby did smell of smoke alot, especially cigar or pipe smoke, but not a big deal.I recommend this hotel highly and would definitely stay here again.Marc Sherman  
<Date>Jan 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>evans34
<Content>Great Hotel! My wife and I stayed here eight nights from November 21st -29th, and we really loved the hotel! We got a superior room overlooking the Arno for 160 euros per night instead of the normal 278 euros per night by booking the Winter in Florence special rate (look on the hotel's web site or on hotelbook.com). This included breakfast and all taxes and service charges - by far the most hotel for the money we found in Florence.The room itself was spacious, quiet, and really comfortable. The breakfast food was very good, but the dinner was only so-so the only night we ate there. The staff was very helpful and friendly. There was no smoke smell in the lobby as some reviews have mentioned. A brief walk will get you to most places you'll want to go. We were so impressed with the hotel that we've already booked a room for our next trip to Florence in March.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Experience I stayed at the Plaza Lucchesi with my 20 year old son and 16 year old daughter for 4 nights at the end of November, 2003. I am always wary of how a hotel makes a double room a triple, especially when they roll in a cot. The extra bed was comfortable, and the room was spacious enough to accommodate it. The breakfast room was superior to most I have enjoyed in Europe, with champagne at 7:00 a.m. for those who are interested! Free internet service, although on one shared computer. It did eliminate the need to go hoofing around the city at odd hours. Luca the doorman was affable, helpful in terms of where to get a good meal, and charming. Our room was so quiet, and an added pleasantry was the fact that the bathroom and hanging closet was in its own area separated by a door, so one's movements didn't necessarily disturb those sleeping in the same room. The location is a 10 minute walk from the Ponte Vecchio, and of course right on the Arno.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>superb hotel It was a very nice hotel but during the night we heard steps in our room!! Ghosts maybe? I don麓t know. We found no other explanation!!But we had a wondeful room and a perfect service!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mojogo
<Content>Excellent for the price We have no complaints about this hotel. Rooms were spacious and clean, the staff was pleasant and helpful, and the breakfast was quite good by European standards. The location is handy to all of the sites and museums, and the view across the Arno river is lovely. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Phil6184
<Content>Room with a View I just returned from a 5 night stay. On arriving I was happy to find my room was upgraded to a room with terrace and a view of the Arno and Piazza Michelangelo. Considering the low price I paid, this was totally unexpected. The room was comfortable and clean. The size was big for Europe. The amenities were acceptable. The biggest compliment I can give about the hotel is they have an amazing staff. Where do they find them? I could single out Giovanni, but in truth, everyone was excellent. If I had to criticize anything, it would be the American style coffee set up at the breakfast buffet. But this was easily remedied, by simply asking the waiter for espresso. This hotel is a well run gem. I would return here in a minute!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant! We spent our honeymoon in Florence in the last week of October and the first week of November 2003 and chose to stay at the Lucchesi based on good reviews on this website. Coming from Asia where we are used to newer, more modern hotels at a lower rate, often with luxury features taken for granted, and having experienced other European hotels, we have tempered our expectations somewhat.I would describe the stay as very pleasant. This is not a luxury or super posh hotel or a destination in itself - hence do not expect marble tiled bathrooms, cutting edge decor and the works. The look is that of a comfortable European house - tasteful but not to the designer standard and not mumsy either - some slight wear but not shabby. The rooms have pale parquet wooden floors and the bed head was upholstered in a floral fabric matching the curtains. Our bathroom was spacious and covered with clean white tiles. There was no separate shower cubicle but it comes with a bidet, hairdryer, standard bathing toiletries (no toothbrush), fluffy towels and terry bathrobes. Save for the most discerning traveller, the general aesthetic standard is not jarring to the eye and furnitures and fittings are relatively well kept.There seems to be a high proportion of business travelers among the guests which speak well of the crowd.The service staff are generally pleasant and helpful which makes a big difference to our experience. We found the concierge service very helpful in planning our activities and making restaurant reservations. The free internet access available from a single computer terminal in the lobby is a good feature. On the topic of breakfast, I generally prefer to ask for the cappuccino, bacon and eggs from the waiter as I do not enjoy cold food in the morning. There is a reasonable spread of fruits, pastries, ham, cheese, cereal, yoghurt and cereals from the buffet but it's not something you would jump out of bed for. However if you consider that the standard Italian breakfast is pastry and coffee, the spread (including the scrambled eggs and bacon made on request) is quite good. One perk - there is always a bottle of sparkling wine next to the juices.The location has its pros and cons. We did not appreciate how nice the neighbourhood is until we walked around and see that other hotels could be right in the middle of tourist traffic or right next to a busy road. It's quite pleasant to walk out to the street and be greeted with views of the Arno, a wider road and views of a fortress and houses on the opposite bank. The disadvantage is that if you are a serious shopper, it may be a bit tiring to walk back from the main shopping areas after a long day of shopping and lugging bags of goodies. If you hail a cab from the various piazzas, that little problem is easily solved.Unless I plan to upgrade to the more upmarket Savoy, Hotel Gallery Art or Hotel Lungarno, I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel and service We stayed 3 nites at the Luccessi (Nov 2-5, 2003). The hotel was great from the minute we entered the door. The front desk service, especially the conceriege, was excellent and had good restaurant recommendations. We had a standard, non-smoking double room which was nicely decorated and quite spacious compared to our rooms in Rome and Venice. The hotel is centrally located and within a short walk from all the sites. We would definitely recommend this hotel and stay there again. It's a great deal for a 4-star hotel.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rad
<Content>Very Disappointed When we arrived they stated our reservation only began the next evening. I presented my confirmation number along with an e-mail that stated the correct dates. It wasn't in their computer but they said they could find us a room. It was a small room with no view and full of smoke. I went to the desk and asked what time the following day we would be moved to our correct room,since they showed a reservation for that day but they stated they weren't sure they could move us. To make a long story short they did move us the next day to our reserved room but no adjustment was made to the bill. Also, the dining room is elegant but breakfast was the worst of our two weeks in Italy. During our stay at least four tour buses arrived and made it very noisy. I expect more for 278 Euros a night. We won't recommend or stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Way beyond expectations What a pleasant surprise! We were less than impressed with our hotel in Rome (Hotel Imperiale), primarily because of the size of the room, and expected to find a similar problem with our hotel in Florence. We were very happy to find that the room at Plaza Luchessi was perfectly adequate in size (though not spacious) and the hotel itself was well appointed and had a nice feel to it. I had read that the hotel had seen better days but I didn't notice anything of the sort. The lobby area is very nice and classy with plenty of room. The staff was among the best we encountered in all of Italy. This hotel is a great deal in Florence-the location is actually quite good (right next to the river and an easy walk to the city center) and everything was pleasant about our stay. The rooms can get very noisy but that's common throughout Italy. Overall, if you are looking for a good, clean, pleasant room, this is a great choice. It's not luxurious but the price more than makes up for that.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Staff, clean rooms, reeks of cigarette smoke We stayed at Plaza Lucchesi for three nights. The room was nice-- it didn't have the decour like some of the other hotels we stayed at. The concergie was *excellent* and worked very hard for us. The breakfast was delightful. The entire hotel reeked of cigarette smoke as did our room. If you don't mind the smell of stale butts then this is a great place to stay. I wouldn't stay here again due to the smell.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>pleasant hotel, great service We stayed 3 nights and had a wonderful time. Everything was within walking distance from the hotel. Concierges especially Giovanni (night) were helpful in arranging our day tours out of the city-very friendly and had a good sense of humor. Breakfast was just OK. Our room was clean but small and dark since the windows opened to an inside court yard-no traffic noise. Most of our time was spent out and about so we didn't mind the lack of light so much. Overall, we enjoyed our stay and would recommend the hotel to our friends.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Pleasant Surprise We have spent a lot of time in Italy and have learned that price does not necessarily mean a nice hotel. However, this hotel was very impressive, clean, large spacious rooms elegantly decorated and while it felt european had american quality comforts. In particular, the concierge was one of the most impressive I have used anywhere in the world, as they actually spent time understanding what i wanted to do, what i wanted to eat etc. The location is a bit more of a walk from the center than a few higher end places but still very conveniently located. We will stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mahh54
<Content>A literal breath of fresh air! We visited Florence July 2003 and it was a literal inferno! But every time we entered the cool, refined and beautiful door of the Lucchesi, it felt like coming home. I don't know where to start to rave about the comfort of this luxury hotel, but it is a jewel. From the free parking, to the balcony overlooking the city, the excellent restaurant suggestions - our favorite was Leo's - and the nice free breakfast - we loved every moment. It was immaculately clean and we went back twice a day to shower and recover from the over 100 degree heat of the city. What an oasis. I thought the reviews had to be overrated....but not so. We only paid $160 a night for the room of our dreams. Did I mention the murano glass chandelier and the lights that came on when you put your room key in the box by the door?l  
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What's better than Superb? We stayed for 4 days in August of 2003 and found a fabulous oversized room with a balcony overlooking the Arno, a delightful and helpful staff, parking, free internet access and a location just far enough from the tourist chaos as to be ideal. I considered staying an extra day or two just to sit on that balcony in that warm bathrobe and that pair of complimentary slippers. Truly nice!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>theboyb
<Content>Fab location  We stayed in the Plaza Lucchesi for a week in late July 2003 after reading the excellent reviews on this site and we weren't dissappointed. The location of the hotel is amazing, right on the river just south of the central tourists area. A taxi from Florence Airport costs approx 25 Euros and lasts 20 mins. On arrival the friendly porter rushed down the lobby stairs to welcome us and take care of our luggage. From that moment on, you really felt the staff had personal pride in the hotel and that caring for thier guests was simply more than a job.Rooms were large, although we emailed the hotel directly before arriving to ask for a non smoking, quiet room with full bath room as I believe some rooms have a shower only.Our room was exceptionally clean with wonderful views over the Sante Croce (beautiful gothic church) and over to The Duomo (main cathedral).Breakfast is included on most room rates and is the usual hotel buffet style. We ate one night in the hotel but were the only guests in the dining room but the food was lovely . . i guess that due to the many outdoor pavement cafes around the squares in Florence people tend to eat out and people watch.We would definately recommend this hotel to others and intend to stay there again. However if you have a huge budget the Savoy hotel on Plaza della Repubblica is in the heart of the action on our favorite square looks good for living the high life for a weekend!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel I went on vacation to Florence for a couple of weeks. Through epoquehotels I found a great Hotel Plaza Hotel Lucchesi in Italian style. The booking at that hotel was possible thank to the availability of the Epoque Hotels' staff.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dmaranzana
<Content>Wonderful hotel   showReview(1141713, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rosali
<Content>An excellent hotel and staff   showReview(1139102, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice View....   showReview(1126979, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room with a view   showReview(1040208, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dkmr
<Content>Great value for a true 4 star   showReview(934036, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful staff and location   showReview(931373, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>drover
<Content>Excellent experience   showReview(924774, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Location, Great Staff   showReview(907089, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This Place is Great   showReview(835561, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Overpriced and Obnoxious concierge   showReview(683572, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>voyageur75
<Content>Correct mais trop pitoresque ?   showReview(22466278, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(19637503, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Giantpandalover
<Content>銉°偩銉嶃儍銉堛伄閮ㄥ眿銇劅婵€       2闅?/a>  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bof!   showReview(19637502, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RafSimo
<Content>hotel consigliato!!       L'Arno di notte....  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CARMENSevilla
<Content>Hotel estupendo   showReview(13374739, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zu empfehlen: Zimmer mit Balkon...   showReview(11403084, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lage gut - sonst nicht berauschend   showReview(11431641, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Repos pour les pieds et le bruit   showReview(11431637, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Luc_Racour4287
<Content>D茅ception       vue de la chambre  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	4	4	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>le plus pour un sejour reussi   showReview(11414606, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel Florence   showReview(11337170, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mein Kommentar zum Hotel Plaza...   showReview(11403085, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉椼儵銈躲€€銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19929953, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>DES CHAMBRES PEU ORDINAIRES...   showReview(11403086, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

