<Author>vonkluck
<Content>Cotton Bowl perfect We were guests on Wednesday, Thursday and Friday of this past week while in Dallas for the Cotton Bowl. Our room was terrific. Our conceirge services were absolutely first rate. When we came in from a foray to Eddie Deen's for an Ole Miss get together we were invited to join the New Year's Eve party in the lobby area. Hunter Brown's Big Band was really great. The bar area was cozy and luxurious and served as a perfect setting for meeting old college friends for drinks. Our waitress in the bar did an outstanding job. All in all, it was worth the $$$. TOMSouthaven, Ms  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SKS1969
<Content>opulent comfort My family including 2 very small children stayed at the hotel during evacuation for Hurricane Ike and were on the property for about a week.It is located near uptown and its sister property the Crescent but is secluded on Turtle Creek. It is also not very well marked which, in this case, increases the feeling of being hidden in nature while still in the heart of Dallas. Other nearby features include a running trail and Love Field (5 min drive). One can easily walk to the tram and take it downtown to the museums and aquarium (which we did with our kids). The service was warm and polite. People were treated the same whether they were formally or informally dressed. The lobby always had fruit and refreshments or coffee out for guests passing through. The staff consistently expressed genuine concern for our well-being and ease.The rooms are going to be upgraded by 2009 so, if like one of the other reviewers, you like the patina of older rooms you'd best visit soon. I'd be excited to see the renovation, though, because some of the furnishings are showing a little wear. The rooms are not particularly large or small but well appointed and the bathrooms were handsomely done in stone and mirror with fine fixtures. Our room had a live plant and there were always fresh flowers in the public areas.The hotel is built onto an existing mansion providing a sense of history and authenticity. Great just to explore and walk through, it gives character other hotels will have trouble capturing. The dining room was superb with locally sourced Texas ingredients served in a french style. Every plate came out meticulously prepared with perfect temperature and doneness. The wine list has a wine spectator award which is definitely deserved, though there were few bargains on it. The waiters and sommeliers were patient and affable.The cocktail bar has an avant garde mixologist who prepares old school items like homemade tonic water for gin and tonic (highly recommended) and new school molecular gastronomy cocktails. The bar itself is a dark and cozy space with jazz music in the mansion area.The hotel's workout room was well-equipped with dumbbells, weight machines and several types of commercial grade cardio machines.One would not usually think of such a place as good for children and indeed the pool area is not large but our children were very happy with the amenities available and the old mansion to explore. There is no formal children's program but the concierge can easily get babysitters. Our children were quite welcome in the hotel. I would not hesitate to recommend the hotel to travels of any type because it can suit anyone.We were checked on in the dining room daily by the hotel manager, Duncan Graham. It's great to see a hotel being successful one relationship at a time. His presence was a difference from most hotels where the responsible parties usually hide behind the staff. We felt no concern was too big or small to discuss with him and he always seemed to have time to chat.Overall, we loved the hotel and recommend it highly.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jimbobwe
<Content>Grand, Old Luxury       Vanity  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>TexasTwinmama
<Content>Lovely stay My husband and I live nearby in Fort Worth, and thought we'd give the hotel a try to celebrate my birthday. We called early the day of arrival to request an early check-in, and were told the room was ready, which we were happy to hear since I wanted to spend the day at the pool. I skipped lunch at home thinking I'd get a great lunch poolside. When we pulled into the driveway, we were greeted immediately and warmly by the valet and someone came to the car with a luggage cart (even though we had planned on wheeling in our small overnight bags). We were greeted enthusiastically by the concierge, but the front desk welcome was underwhelming, and I thought it odd that the clerk did not review our reservation and discuss the included breakfast. I called later, and was told we had a choice of room service, or choice of menu in the restaurant., but I thought this should have been explained at check-in  After getting settled in the room, there was a knock on the door, and room service delivered two glasses of ice tea and one tiny pastry. In spite of there being only one small pastry for us to share, I thought this was a lovely welcome and nice touch. The apple and peach tart was yummy. Although this is a luxury hotel, it is a city location, and as such, the pool area was quite small, but beautifully landscaped. The lounge chairs were wood with cushions (I often evaluate a hotel on the quality of its lounge pool furniture), but there were only 11. Fortunately, two people were leaving, so we were able to get two chairs. There is a sundeck up the stairs with four more loungers, but I like being near the pool since I like to swim. I imagine during the week when there is a business crowd, the pool area is not crowded as it was this holiday weekend. There was a pool boy who laid new towels, and gave us a bottle of cold water, which he replenished later in the day. He also moved our chairs into the shade at his suggestion. He gets the award for the best service of the weekend! Lunch at the pool was the only disappointment of the weekend. I ordered a caesar salad from the very limited pool menu, and it was small, way overpriced even by resort standards, and with ordinary boxed croutons. There was a room service delivery charge, so if the salad was an indication of the quality of room service food, we decided we should have our breakfast at the restaurant instead the next morning. Breakfast was excellent, well presented, and not ridiculously priced like the pool menu. We didn't realize the gratuity was included in our package, but you wouldn't have known it by the great service we received. We would definitely return to the restaurant just for breakfast on a weekend. The room had a traditional key lock, and when we checked out, we forgot to return the key since we typically have a card key at other hotels, which we just throw away. The desk clerk did not request the key, so when we realized we still had it, we drove back to the hotel to return it. I would think this is a common occurence since an actual key is so outdated, and thought it odd that the desk clerk did not request it back. Again, we just weren't impressed with the front desk staff compared with the other good service we had received. All in all, a lovely stay, but I don't have an overwhelming desire to return. Based on the good service, though, I would be inclined to stay at other Rosewood properties.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>brooksz
<Content>Terrific Service but Sorely in Need of Updating As a Dallas resident, I have always wanted an excuse to stay at this storied hotel in my own home town. Recently -- due to a small home renovation -- I decided to take a small in-town vacation and booked a room at the Mansion on Turtle Creek.The staff at the Mansion was wonderful -- they anticipated my needs and bent over backwards to be friendly  accommodating. The valet staff in particular deserves kudos for running back and forth for my car in 106 degree Texas heat ! The front desk staff made sure that messages were promptly delivered and were gracious with my frequent service requests.And therein lies the problem. My service requests were frequent -- almost daily. The safe failed to work after I had placed my items inside. The air conditioning unit made a clicking noise every 20 seconds throughout the evening until the staff finally got it fixed about 8 hours later. The hot water took almost 15 minutes to get to the Texas sized soaking tub. (They told me this was due to the low occupancy in the hotel. Huh?) Each time someone flushed a toilet or took a shower the water pressure would make a rushing noise through the plumbing loud enough to be heard in the main bedroom. I could go on but you get the idea.The Premier Room that I was assigned (Room 412) had very dated furniture. Not in a good English country house way but in an overused and confused decorator look. I wasn't hoping or looking for over-the-top but neither was I expecting a return to the 1980's. Honestly, I thought perhaps my expectations were too high so I invited a friend to visit my room and give me her opinion. Shocked may be a slight exaggeration...ok, maybe not. Even she noticed that the black and gold bedding was old and the chenille occasional chair was stained and dirty. The parson's chair at the bathroom vanity was so stained that I laid a towel on it before sitting down. I was sorely disappointed and think most of you reviewers would be better served staying elsewhere -- anywhere else. Sorry Mansion personnel!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	5	1	5	5	1	

<Author>AmberO
<Content>Elegant Luxury and Superb Service This is a beautiful, elegant, classy hotel. It's not huge and almost gives you the feeling of staying at someone's gorgeous home. The lobby is elegant and there are fresh flower arrangements on almost every surface...including the guest room bathrooms. The hotel is famous for their service and we were not let down. The valet service was the best we have ever experienced. They were fast, efficient, friendly, and called us by name. The concierge was equally wonderful booking us spa appointments at the neighboring Rosewood Crescent Court. (which was lovely too) The gym is full of new equipment and stocked with water and fresh fruit. We enjoyed a drink at the hotel bar which had a great bartender who offered us complimentary light snacks with our wine. Our room was the most basic the hotel offers but still had a small balcony and was decorated in soothing pale peach and rose colors. The shower and towels were wonderful and so was the bed and down comforter. My husband called and asked for their complimentary shoe shine and his shoes were picked up and returned to us polished in under 15 minutes! Like I said...the service was amazing! We will stay here next time we have a reason to come to Dallas... we felt relaxed and pampered the entire time!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ben_melb
<Content>Impeccable Experience Spending just 1 night in the Mansion exemplified what they call the famous Texan hospitality.The website looked good but we were still apprehensive. After coming from NYC, Boston  D.C. hotel fees, the $350 a night fee we were paying for the Mansion seemed too cheap. The confirmation email sent was not very professional looking and was delayed, the hotel is not actually at the address stated on the confirmation but on a side street. We drove up and down Turtle Creek  the streets around about 4 or 5 times before having to call the hotel for directions, there is no way you would find this by accident. However, as soon as we stepped out of the car all that changed. The decoration throughout the hotel is in grand mansion style, from the huge foyer to the rooms themselves to the restaurant  bar.The reception were polite, informative and friendly. The concierge himself brought our bags to the room and gave us a run down on all the facilities of Dallas - tailored to our interests. The room was gorgeous and spacious with a beautiful courtyard and a living area almost like a small suite. As soon as we arrived complimentary ice cold drinks and snacks were sent to our room.The concierge remembered our names and our interests and greeted us every time we went in and out of the hotel. He recommended a place to eat, organised a complimentary car to take us there and back and even the next morning remembered where we had eaten and asked us how it was.There was a great complimentary breakfast with big servings in a lovely balcony restaurant.There was also a lovely pool and spa area that was serviced with waiters offering drink service.The bathroom was large and sparkling with a real bath mat and a separate area for make-up etc. Housekeeping comes twice a day which means you never run out of towels and the ice bucket is always full. Bottles of water are left in the evening on the bedside table.I can't fault the Mansion except they really undersold themselves in the first instance. I think the experience was worth much more. You can't get that quality accommodation in Australia even for twice the price.The location is a great area, we ended up walking back from where we ate dinner (an outdoor mall supposed to appear like a Manhattan street - it doesn't) and that was a pleasant walk along the creek. In the other direction is an entertainment district of restaurants, bars and clubs on Cedar Springs St.Recommend this spot to anyone visiting Dallas, especially for a first time. There is no other choice.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>museumgoer
<Content>The best. We've stayed at many hotels over the years, including other Mobil five-star/AAA five-diamond properties, and think this is the best hotel we've ever stayed in. The premises are beautiful, our room was beautiful in a quiet, elegant, comforting way, and the service was attentive and thoughtful without being unctious. Examples: (1) The front desk staff cleared up a slight check-in issue with poise, courtesy, and consideration. (2) The check-in bellman told us the history of the property and a little later slipped under the door a brochure about it; when we went down to eat dinner he walked us over to the restaurant instead of just pointing us in the direction. (3) The housekeeper was somehow able to change towels and do turndown - which included bottles of water with glasses on the nightstands - while we were at dinner, after a do not disturb sign had prevented her from doing so earlier. (4) The check-out bellman put chilled bottles of water in our car and wrote out directions to where we needed to go (and it's a nice touch that valet parking doesn't give you a numbered ticket; you just go by your name). (5) As others have written, we were always addressed by name. As for the restaurant, it may not be five stars, but we had a very good dinner with the freshest and tastiest salad greens we've ever had (some of them grown in the hotel's own garden), and a warm and friendly maitre d' who explained the history and architecture of the restaurant and invited us to wander around the private dining/conference areas nearby. Breakfast the following morning was all it should be, with a choice of fresh squeezed juices and eggs any way you like them with whatever you want in them or with them. Breakfast was included in our rate and we never had to mention that to our waiter, who would not even let us add a tip (apparently that was included too).All in all, for us there was nothing not to love.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>goinglux
<Content>Weigh the great ambience vs. the inept service No strangers to fine hotels, we expected the best upon arrival. Instead, we were told to wait until the check-in staff could help us (one of them was speaking animatedly to a friend). Officious in the extreme. I believe that management doesn't train staff correctly. After the excruciating check-in everything was fine. But what a first impression...!PS: don't expect wonderful skill the restaurant; either they've gone downhill or they had a bad patch in March 2008, the only time out of a dozen that we've had absolutely average cuisine there.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	1	4	-1	

<Author>JdunneKS
<Content>First stay, great stay The staff went above and beyond to accommodate us during our stay. My wife was 8 months pregnant at the time, plus we had our other 4 children with us. The staff at the front desk was amazing during our entire stay (11 days!). There are some other places I'd like to stay next time, but I most likely will be back here.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TJ70
<Content>A charming and elegant Dallas legend I recently stayed at the Mansion for a business trip to Dallas. The staff acknowledged me by name, and they went above and beyond to help me with a couple of last-minute requests. There is something very charming about this hotel and restaurant. It was once a Dallas residential estate, and I think that feeling carries through to the hotel. I had dinner in the Chef's Room one night of my stay. It was very impressive. You start in the salon with champagne and hors d oeuvres. Then, you are escorted to the actual dining room. The room is ornate and looks historic. The food was of a very high quality and creative. We thoroughly enjoyed everything we ordered, and the 3-course menus were so filling. I wasn't hungry the next day. The finishing touch candy cart of home-made candies was a nice detail. Overall, this is a good choice in Dallas. Close to city center with plenty of personality and charm.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>hikittyDallas
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful! Service Beyond Compare!! My husband and I stayed at The Mansion on Turtle Creek on our wedding night. It was absolutely perfect! Everything was wonderful and exactly as we had ordered it. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. We had excellent in room massages when we arrived, then a car from the hotel drove us to dinner. We had breakfast in the restaurant the next morning and it was fantastic! Order the waffle, you won't be disappointed!!!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>travelsavant
<Content>Perfect Service-Perfect Stay       Mansion entry  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>skingKansas
<Content>Off the Mark First, the positive. This hotel is in a great location for visiting all Dallas has to offer. The front desk staff/valet/concierge are very polite and eager to please. We chose this property for the location, outdoor pool and overall reputation of Rosewood. I wished I would've picked a different hotel. First of all, the pool is advertised as being outdoors, but heated so you can swim in it. My children couldn't tolerate it and it felt like it was not heated at all . With temps in the 70's it needed to be. I felt the hotels website was misleading and we wouldn't have stayed there knowing how cold and unswimmable it was. The only time we ate breakfast we felt robbed! I know this is a 5 star property, but our order was messed up, soggy bacon, $6.50 for a cup of coffee and an $80 bill with 2 out of the 4 being from the kids menu. Nothing was exceptional. Three of us got the omelet which was good and I had french toast which was really good, but not that good! Anyway, turn down service was nice, but by 8 o'clock one night we came back to our rooms ready to put the kids down and it hadn't been done. Just a minor thing, but you would think they would know to do it early with a room with children. Also, the bathroom facet was loose and the toilet paper holder was looking as if it needed some TLC. Never did find the ice machine, but I think that is what keep us up part of one night. The doors to the rooms slam shut as well so everytime someone goes in and out you hear it. The coffee and tea are nice in the lobby, but what wouldn't been great is to have a coffee maker in the room! I will end on another positive note, the bottled water at the bedside was very nice.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>MegAndJohn
<Content>Luxurious! Beautiful and yet quaint setting.. The room we stayed in was simply luxurious.. The staff was very accomodating and friendly- they treated us very well.. We will definitely return... :)  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CJAustin
<Content>Lovely. Okay.       view from balcony  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>amtmcm
<Content>Lovely hotel, but I wouldn't stay on business (or for Market) Our room was gorgeous and we loved the French Doors opening right out to the pool. We stayed while I was buying at Dallas Market and my husband and kids thoroughly enjoyed their visit. I, however, was not the beneficiary of any of the luxuries provided to guests during the day. The cookies and coffee were all put away by the time I got back from a long day at market, and they could not provide a car to drive me to market at 8am Saturday morning which was a disappointment. I also found it irritating that the shampoo was in glass bottles - the lid was hard to get off, I was a little disgusted at the thought of sharing a bottle which hundreds of other guests had used and I was afraid of dropping the bottle with slippery hands and having broken glass everywhere. Seems like a petty complaint, but next time I will bring my own shampoo. I would stay here again with my family or as a romantic getaway, but I would plan to enjoy the amenities during the day because they seem to roll up the red carpet after 6pm.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	2	2	

<Author>GarethParry
<Content>Great Old World Charm I recently stayed at The Mansion on Turtle Creek and must say that I was very imnpressed by the whole experience.I was greeted personally upon my arrival and quickly whisked away to my spacious room, which had an added bonus of a lovely little balcony overlooking the hotel courtyard and provided fresh air to my room.The staff were very hospitable throughout my stay and the concierge helped me with my enquiries promptly and with excellent knowledge.Although I did not sample the food in the highly acclaimed Restaurant, I did hear from a fellow guest that it was excellent.In a city that is fairly large and brash, it has made a very welcome change to stay in a hotel that provide such great old world charm and true service and I would frecommend this property to anyone wanting a nice experience in Dallas.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CityGirl610
<Content>Absolutely Perfect This hotel is absolutely lovely - everything a hotel should be. The lobby is tasteful and welcoming. With the fireplace and comfy couches and chairs, I felt as if I was in my own living room. The service is outstanding, but not in an overbearing way. Sometimes I feel uncomfortable with service that is too attentive, but the Mansion staff knows how to make you feel like a valued guest without going too far. They are willing to assist you with anything you might need. The room is very, very large. I stayed in a Deluxe King, but it almost felt like a suite. There is a huge marble bathroom, a king-sized bed and a sitting area that includes a small balcony. The bed was extremely comfortable. The amenities - in glass bottles rather than plastic, which was a nice touch - were excellent. The only drawback to the room was that there was no flat-screen television, which is something I've become accustomed to in my travels. I ate at the restaurant and utilized the hotel's catering services for an evening event. I was concerned that I would be disappointed, as the Mansion has just lost their chef to the recently opened Ritz-Carlton. Not so. The food was outstanding, possibly the best I have had in a hotel. All around wonderful!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emannh
<Content>Great Service Just got back home from 5 days at the Mansion. Beautiful hotel, wonderful staff but the guest room was dated. I was unable to get one of the few new rooms which have been renovated. My suggestion is to request one of the new rooms when booking your reservation. I have also stayed at the sister hotel Crescent Court, both hotels are decorated with the same fine linens and bedding only major difference was is a sitting area in the standard room at the Mansion. This hotel is not within walking distance to restaurants, but there is a gratis Lexus available to get you to around town.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>MSkinner
<Content>Beautiful getaway at the Mansion My wife and I needed a little break after the Holidays, so we decided to head to Dallas for an extended weekend (we live in Northern Ontario, Canada). The Mansion was everything we wanted, and more. Impeccable service, intimate, in a very upscale part of Dallas, close to shopping, restaurants, etc, etc. There were really just too many good things to list. The rooms were very elegant, as I said before - service was impeccable, the complimentary hotel driver with the beautiful lexus was great for short trips, the bar area was very well done (definitely upscale, but cozy), and the restaurant was beautiful (awesome service, but a little pricey for what the meal was).It was about 30 minutes from the airport, so a little bit of a hike, but not too bad. We also had the fortune to go to the Cowboys Playoff Game (tough loss) and the stadium was about 20 minutes away. All in all, a fantastic experience, certainly deserving of their 5-Star rating. If we're in Dallas again, we're going back for sure.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tirolian
<Content>loved the Mansion Truly the best place to stay in Dallas! Excellent service, impeccable clean rooms and the brilliant renovation of the restaurant and bar make this hotel your home away from home.And you definitely have to eat in the restaurant - simply divine food!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>miker22
<Content>Still the grandest of all, The Mansion on Turtle Creek Planning to attend several events in the downtown Dallas area, we chose to stay at the Mansion on Turtle Creek because of its location and its reputation for excellence in hotel and dining capacities. Every detail was attended to from the moment we arrived--valet, bellman, the exceptional professionalism of the reception staff and of course our gorgeous suite. This hotel continues to set the bar in grand style and with a recently renovated restaurant and lounge areas, there is no comparison. We definitely will return and enjoy this luxury again.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kctraveler99
<Content>Still the Classic Mansion Hotel Wife, 8 year old and I were in Dallas for the Cotton Bowl,, checked in Dec 31 for 2 nights. In Room 710 (next to Presidential Suite). I havent been to the Mansion in over 4 years, but still as I remember it. TALL ceilings in rooms, spacious setting in rooms (nice desk, chairs), giant closet. My room had a French walkout balcony (no view really, just some tree tops, and the hotel courtyard),, It's just a nice way to let in fresh air. King bed very commfy. 100% tiled bathrooms have nice double sinks, deep, deep tub, and a glass in shower. Very thick and large bath towels, and lots of bath amenities (tons of soaps/shampoos) along with fresh flowers in the bathroom too. Standard amenities include 2 times a day cleaning with evening turndown.We ordered room service, and it came up in quick fashion,, hot, and as ordered. Had drinks in --The Bar-- and breakfast in -The Restaurant-. Both places very nice and efficient, and suited to the Top Drawer fashion of the Mansion.Wife had a massage. She also did a AM work out in the gym,, all good she said.The room rate I paid for a -deluxe king- was 395/nt,, and since they did not have any 2 bedded/double rooms,,had to get a rollaway. The rollaway was a bit steep at 40.00/night. Thought they should eat the $40,, but I did not say anything,,just paid it.The only room negative was the TV. It was the --old-- standard 24 inch tube TV. In my home I got rid of the tubes a year ago and I'm spoiled to the HD/flat panel LCD sets. I've been to a ton of nice hotels (Ritz/ Four S. Penninsula, etc) and they all have gone now to flat panels. These tube sets are from the dark ages and should be replaced. They had a --tv volume-- control in the bathroom, but it didnot work. Not worth the hassle for me to call and -report- it. The check in/out smooth and efficient as the Rosewood Staff know the game. Car valet and unload/load of baggage very efficient. Keys given and baggage in room with in minutes of arrival. Complimentary coffee and tea all day long in the reception area. All the newspapers you would ever want to read are free in the morning. All in all, a great stay and I would go back for a repeat visit if business/vacation takes me to Dallas.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cwtaylor
<Content>Outstanding Hotel and Service The rate listed on the hotels' web site was too much for my company to pay, so there was another site that poped up called Whatahotel.comI'm so glad I decided to try it. I was able to get a great rate at such an absolutely fabulous hotel. The service, rooms, and the people were the best I have experienced in my 22 years of working in the hospitality industry. I will certainly stay at this hotel whenever I am in Dallas either for business or pleasure.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tam2005
<Content>Loved The Mansion!! The Mansion was the backdrop for a girls' getaway weekend this summer. I had read a lot about the hotel's reputation, and I have to say that the hotel exceeded my expectations. Every staff person was friendly and exuded charm, and the residential feeling of the public areas and guestrooms made me feel right at home. The rooms were comfortable, and the linens were absolutely divine. We had a room on the first floor with a small garden patio. It was cozy. We especially enjoyed the Mansion Cham Chams (Champagne and Chambord...note: the perfect girls' getaway cocktail!) in the relocated bar. At the time of our visit, the restaurant and bar were undergoing renovation.Though I haven't had the pleasure of visiting Dallas since, I've read about the renovated restaurant and bar. Both sound elegant with a modern touch. I hope to visit The Mansion again soon. This time, maybe I'll bring my husband...  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TexasTraveler0807
<Content>The Elegance of the Mansion We stayed the first two nights of our honeymoon in the Mansion and every part of it was magnificent! Our late arrival the night on the wedding did not stop excellent service and friendliness. The bellman even offered to take a picture of us crossing the threshold - a memory we can keep forever. We never had to wait for service and theyhelped with every detail in a friendly and professional manner.Our room was outstanding. Spacious and perfectly clean. The thing that sets the Mansion apart in my mind is the attention to detail. I felt like I was at home because of the comfort and ammenities, but itwas definitely a retreat into luxury. The bed and pillows were very comfortable and the bathroom was roomy and well-supplied. Our room had several windows that overlooked the beautiful front courtyard of the hotel. And even though we were in the middle of Dallas, the hotel's location just off of the major road allows it to be quiet and peaceful.And the food - WOW! As if the luxury of the hotel isn't enough. Our breakfast the next morning was some of the best food I've ever tasted. I definitely recommend the French Toast. The fruit was beautiful and fresh. And we couldn't leave witout trying the Mansion's famous Tortilla Soup. It sounds strange, but it's deliciousand a real Texas treat.If given the chance, we would do this all over again, and I have no doubt that it would be just as good the second time around.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BaltimoreGrizzy
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We found this hotel to be quietly attractive, spotlessly clean with friendly and efficient staff. There is a small, but lovely walled pool area where we enjoyed breakfast.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pbiehler
<Content>The only place to stay in Dallas For years I have heard about this hotel. My experience was over the top. From personable concierge service to fantastic pillows, everything exceeded my expectations, with amazing attention to detail For instance, while waiting for the shuttle (which was a luxury town car - not a hotel bus) the concierge served us a glass of champagne and made pleasant conversation about what not to miss in Dallas, as well as historical tidbits about the hotel. The room was complete indulgence...comfy pillows, down comforters and fine linens made me feel completely pampered. Our breakfast in the Promenade, which served an international menu, offered a delicious Mexican favorite of mine and a signature dish of theirs, chiliquitas. Our morning walk consisted of a tour of the hotel grounds. Their beautiful gardens left us with a sense of tranquility. The only disappointment was having to leave.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ADorsett
<Content>The best service - second to none!! I recently stayed at the Mansion on Turtle Creek in Dallas while on business. I can't say enough to describe how fantastic the experience was...everything from the service, to the food, to the luxurious rooms. What started out as a stressful work week turned into a delightful vacation I will never forget!!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sierraskyesmom
<Content>One of my favorites This was a most impressive hotel. Upon arrival the smell of stargazer lillies and hydrangeas welcomes you immediately. There is an abundance of staff to take care of every need. We stepped into our room and were instantly at home. The Bose radio was set to a nice classical station and the furnishings were top notch. The bathroom ammenities are second to none - complete with a generous supply of bath salts and lotion - both in beautiful crystal containers. His and her sinks cut down on bathroom run-ins, as do the his and her closets. The shower had a very strong stream and the jacuzzi tub was deep and luxurious.Come in after a day of sightseeing and you are greeted by homemade sugar cookies in the shape of cacti and Texas. Bottled water and teas also await. Truly a wonderful extra.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mjpalm
<Content>Over-Hyped and a bit Shaby. Only booked here as Rosewood's better Dallas Hotel Crescent Court was fully booked. Would not chose this property again. As a frequent guest of Rosewood resorts and the Crescent Court, one would think the front desk would not book me in the worst Rosewood room ever. Refuse any rooms on the ground floor !My non-smoking room had cigarette buts on the patio, the TV entertainment system was in need of updating and the shower was dirty. Not to mention I had a nice view of a dirty stucco wall. I suspect this place was alot nicer when their 5 star restaurant was open, but unfortunately we never got to try it as it is closed until November for renovations. This place may have been 5 star 5 years ago, but not on this stay. Pool service was spotty i.e. no one really there to fetch drinks, and the concierge average. This is a nice place but NOT on par with the Rosewood brand, especially when compared to the Crescent Court down the street. Perhaps after renovating the restaurant they will make other upgrades to the hotel. This hotel is a distance from downtown area, and if you have a choice of Rosewood hotels in Dallas, you should definitely book Crescent Court over the Mansion.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	1	3	2	3	3	

<Author>VermontGolfer
<Content>Sneaky good - Exceptional service This one snuck up on me. I found myself more and more impressed by the Mansion. Here's why the Mansion is sneaky:1. Its Dallas - who knew?2. It was pouring at arrival and there was a guy there to grab my bag and hold an umbrella for me to get inside the lobby.3. Check in was all of a minute.4. Bellman had my bag the whole time from the point I arrived to the point I entered my room. I never touched the bag - nor did I have to ask for a bellman.5. Complimentary car service provided by the hotel (sweet ride too).6. Well done room. Size is right. Bathroom is up to date and well done.7. Seating area. Plenty of room. Didn't feel like it was squeezed in there.8. They actually followed up on things. I asked for the WSJ, and it was there on the door handle every morning. The rooms were decorated well, and offered the services you would expect of a fine hotel - minibar, internet, turndown, etc. They were also the right size. I don't think you can have too big of a room, but you certainly can have a room that is too small. For example, the Four Seasons in Maui is too small for the money, and perhaps the Halekulani - but the Four Seasons in Lanai is huge and the Mansions rooms are similar, but not as big as the FS Lanai. My only bark: The rooms need flatpanel tv's.I didn't eat at the hotel restaurant, but I hear it is good. I had room service (breakfast) it was actually, quite tasty (breakfast taco) and arrived quickly (25 mins). There is a bar too.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KamaLinn
<Content>Really nice hotel! My husband and I stayed here on our wedding night. It was a great hotel--our room had a queen sized bed with a seperate little area with a couch and TV. We also had some french doors that opened to the outside, but we didn't walk out there (if you could). We arrived in our wedding attire after our 3:00 wedding (around 6:00) and he had already checked us in and put our stuff in the room. We had our bags taken to the room and we were escorted there also. The bathroom was very nice and so was the room. The bed was so comfortable--my husband said that people who stay there often order the beds to have in their own homes! He got a discounted price by going to an online site instead of paying $600 at the hotel. We walked around a little the next morning, but didn't get to see much or enjoy the restaurant. When we checked out, they said, We'll see you on your one year anniversary. I thought that was a cute little touch. Nice hotel. Expensive, but nice.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gumbytoes
<Content>Beautiful, elegant hotel Our second stay here...elegant, quiet, very comfortable room. The staff is attentive and ready to serve. We had a delicious breakfast in the beautiful pavillion. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>llbGreensboroNc
<Content>The Mansion is the best! We spent three nights at the Mansion hotel and could not find fault with ANYTHING!!! We travel a great deal, and stay in five star resorts and hotels, and our overall experience was as good as any hotel anywhere. The staff is so friendly and helpful, and the hotel is absolutely beautiful. Our room (deluxe) was so well planned, lots of storage space, esp. in the bathroom. Even though the hotel is 25 years old, everything is as fresh and lovely as when it opened (and we stayed there then, too). It is very close to downtown, and the great shopping and antique stores, yet very residential feeling, and our room was quiet as a tomb and the bed incredibly comfortable. We had room service, cocktails and several meals, all were superb. Their dining room and bar remind you of a beautiful European hotel. Highly recommend!!! Esp. for a special occasion, or entertaining clients as we were.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amywynn217
<Content>Nice Hotel       Lobby  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	5	3	

<Author>parcvue
<Content>Top Notch I just spent two days in Dallas and had a great experience at the hotel. Certainly the room decor could be a little fresher and the food was not upto their reputation-but the service and staff are top notch.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fussy
<Content>Five star service, four star rooms, but overall a wonderful stay We stayed here en route to Las Vegas from London - thinking we may as well see Dallas rather than just the airport in transit. We booked escape to luxury rooms for 3 nights- described as Premier King-450 Sq Ft-marble Bath-garden Tub-Sitting Area-french Doors-private Balcony. The only disappointment was that the description lost something in translation. from American to English, e.g ...garden tub does NOT mean a plunge pool, but apparently a larger than average bath tub (firmly fixed in the bathroom) and thef rench doors don't lead to an outdoor sitting area, but to a teeny weeny balcony. HOWEVER, having established that this was what we'd paid for, we relaxed and the iced teas/ coffees and brilliant service more or less made up for the shortcomings in the room and our initial shock at seeing the average size rooms, rather than the splendour and private garden we'd expected. What makes the place is the staff-the concierge gave a great dinner recommendation, and the complimentary drivers as well also took us around the nicer area of Dallas- the free limo is a real boon. The pool area, whilst small, does have sufficient sunbeds to accomodate all that wanted to sit there, and the service and mojos there again superb. All in all a very nice stop over en route to other US cities, and we found the whole Turtle Creek area charming - a great breakfast in the hotel and also (at 1/4 price) in a nearby cafe, BreadWinners that's a pleasant 1/4 hour stroll away. Not sure I'd pay any more for the more expensive rooms given the limited amenities than the price we paid for our room (c 350$ /night) given grounds non existent, and size of pool, but notwithstanding this the hotel has a charm of its own, and we really enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>maminshe
<Content>Loved The Mansion on Turtle Creek My husband and I stayed at the Mansion on Turtle Creek following our wedding. Our suite was luxurious, the staff and service was wonderful, and we couldn't have been happier with our choice of hotel! From the moment we arrived, the staff made us feel special and welcome. We look forward to returning here in the future, and I'd recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>David71
<Content>Truly deserves its fine reputation Our stay at the Mansion on Turtle Creek was flawless, with an attentive staff, a large, comfortable room, and orchids everywhere. Our plane was delayed by high winds and had to stop on the way to DFW, so we got in serveral hours late, were exhausted and famished. We had room service that was impressive and friendly with truly awesome tortilla soup -- one of their specialties. Can't recommend this place highly enough -- and we are picky and experienced travelers.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mtsod
<Content>The Dreadful Mansion I am writing to report a dreadful experience at the Mansion on Turtle Creek. My wife and are extremely disappointed about the whole ordeal and my colleagues can hardly believe what I told them as they have stayed at the Mansion before.My wife and I arrived on March 31st for a two night stay utilizing two of the Mansion鈥檚 packages (The Mansion Experience and the Mansion Serenity packages). Our arrival was uneventful. After lounging by the pool for a short while we attempted to dress for dinner. We had reservations in The Restaurant at 7:30. At this point the bottle of champagne I had requested to be delivered at 6:30 had not been delivered so I was upset and my attitude about The Mansion on Turtle Creek became worse with each passing minute. At 6:40 I tried to take a shower. When I turned the handle to turn the shower on; water sprayed 360 degrees around the fixture. I engaged the shower and the spray lessened somewhat. However, the tub would not drain. In fact, after a brief shower the tub was over half full and my wife still needed to take a shower. I called the concierge and they sent an 鈥渆ngineer鈥?to the bathroom to fix the problem. Here we are on what was supposed to be a luxurious 3 day weekend only to have a gentleman using a long 鈥渟nake鈥?to unclog a plugged drain. How did housekeeping clean the tub when it had a clogged drain? In any case, the man couldn鈥檛 unplug the drain so the front desk attempted to move us to another room. A bell attendant came and escorted us to the second floor (we had been staying on the first floor) through a gauntlet of industrial fans. There were extension cords taped down over the hallway鈥ow posh. We were both pummeled with high pressure air as we moved through the hallway. I asked the bell attendant what the problem was and he said that a drain on the third floor had plugged causing flooding on the second floor. A plugged drain in our first floor room and a third floor room seems indicative of a hotel-wide problem with plumbing. When we reached the room at the end of the wet hallway the gentleman opened the door and all three of us were greeted with the potent fumes of fresh paint. I could hardly believe it. This room must have been painted within 24 hours to smell that bad. I immediately asked for another room. The next room that we were presented with was a smoking room and it was noxious as well. Apparently, the only two rooms left were a freshly painted room and a smoking room. We had the leftovers to choose from. I became somewhat angry at this point and went directly to the front desk to talk with Kevin and a women who was 鈥渢he assistant front desk manager.鈥?Both were, in my opinion, incompetent and should take the Ritz Carlton鈥檚 training course ASAP. Both talked in the most uncaring manner. The assistant manager apologized but did nothing to help us. She said she would search for another room, but it would be difficult to find since the hotel was at capacity. Why would I let them show us another room anyway when the ones they showed us thus far were so awful? Did they show me the terrible rooms first and then save the proper ones if I complained? I told the woman at the front desk that I was going to check out. Instead of trying to find us a room at their sister hotel The Crescent Court, or anything for that matter, she said ,鈥漺e hate to loose you鈥︹€?as if I had a choice. There were no rooms! Then she said there would be a room opening up tomorrow night. What, my lady, did you want my wife and I to do tonight鈥leep in our car? I then told her to call The Four Seasons and reserve me a room and she quickly called as if to wipe her hands of us. No compensatory offer of any type was made at that point. I did later receive a message on my cell phone from Kevin saying I would receive a certificate for one free nights stay in the future. In my opinion that was too little to late, we were already gone. We needed assistance that night, not in the future. How can Mobil give The Mansion five stars, but the Greenbrier gets 4? AAA is easy to please and get five diamonds from, but my trusted Mobil guide? Either they haven鈥檛 stayed in recent history or someone is getting some help. In either case, my wife and I are upset and disappointed as we wanted our first stay at the Mansion to be magical. The Four Seasons was wonderful as usually. Was this an off night or indicative of a once great hotel resting on its reputation鈥aiting for the dreaded day when the Ritz-Carlton (opening in 2007) opens up down the street?  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TeamBell
<Content>Beautiful and Spendy I want to start by saying I am a hotel freak and look for different experiences at the beach, in the City, out in the country etc. The Mansion At Turtle Creek was where my hubby and I celebrated Xmas this year and the hotel and amenities were lovely. They had Christmas Carols playing in our room( slightly dated) when we arrived, gingerbread cake, etc. We ate dinner in the main dining area--it was prix-fixe and I was very looking forward to some excellent food. I am not a picky eater and I found the food very salty, my steak was overcooked--personal pet peeve--and loads and loads of garlic. I LIKE garlic,salt etc, just way too much to be in balance at Turtle Creek. Maybe it was because the the restaurant was so heavily booked(?)Room service the next day was excellent.--Also, it was $60 plus tip for breakfast. All in all, we spent a grand in 24 hours. The month prior we got a room on Hotwire.com at the Hyatt --$89, upgraded at check in and our experience was just as nice. I don't mind shelling out the bux every now and again, if it's worth it. Save your money at the Mansion, there are tons of great hotels in Dallas--Cheers!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>djmOverlandPark
<Content>Splendid! My husband and I stayed at the MOTC in Dallas for our anniversary. Hotel was just as we expected...pleasant, inviting, and beautiful. Staff was accomodating...not stuffy. Air of elegance and professional service expected in a 5 star hotel. Rooms are oversized, with small,lovely balconies with French doors that fully open. Had a fabulous dinner at the Mansion restaurant. Perfect!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Blanch
<Content>We loved our stay We stayed at The Mansion on Turtle Creek for three nights and couldn't have been more pleased. We expect exceptional quality when we travel. I dream of returning. We picked up a great package off their website and it totally exceeded our expectations. Our room was lovely with a small private garden, a gorgeously appointed bed and a comfortable and tasteful sitting area. Breakfast in the restaurant was fantastic....but dinner was nothing short of amazing.The service throughout our stay was thoughtful, friendly and more than we expected in every way. The doorman and valet even put our sweet old dog Honey's ramp into the car for her when we were ready to leave the hotel.The entire staff was friendly and service was over the top.Being true wine lovers we so appreciated the wines we chose for pairing with all the courses in the tastings menu. All were chosen with the assistance of the very helpful and attentive sommelier. He even sent over a glass of the most perfect Sauterne to go with our foi gras!Our stay was perfect in every way.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GaRockstar
<Content>The Mansion feels like home... I was lucky enough to stay at the Mansion on a business trip. The service absolutely lives up to its raving reviews - polite, timely and attentive with no sense of snobbery. My terrace suite was warm and inviting. The only thing that was wrong was that the shower wasn't up to my cleanliness standards (hair-ick!). The shampoo, conditioner and soaps are heavenly. The bed is comfy and the Bose stereo is a nice touch. The room service is prompt and yummy. I will stay at the Mansion again!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DCYOUNG
<Content>Elegant and Classy great restaurant and staff. rooms are very similar to crescent court which is 5 minutes away. the crescent court has a beautiful spa while the mansion spa is small, outdated, and noisy. For the money, I would stay at the crescent and eat at the mansion.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dstivescpa
<Content>Great - Understated elegance in a dull city The reputation of this gem is justified, but it never ceases to amaze me how some people moan and groan about a top rated hotel when they find it not up to their expectations. Some of the other reviews on TripAdvisor really make the Mansion sound like an average hotel. I found it to be wonderful. When I arrived the first staff member I saw (a bellman) greeted me and looked at my baggage tag. He said my name, welcomed me, led me to the front desk and from then on, every staff member called me by name. As I was settling into my huge standard room, which was beautifully furnished, a snack was delvered by room service, compliments of the hotel. Dinner in the Restaurant was expensive, but wow, what a meal. The service was personal and excellent in every way. Some reviews said the restaurant was stuffy. It doesn't have a drive through, but if you want a quiet first rate dinner in a truly 5 star restaurant, don't miss this one. The tasting menu proved to be an excellent value and featured some wonderful food. It was also a pleasant event to be in a jackets required - ties optional setting. Those not wanting to dress for dining and think jeans and a tee shirt are appropriate can eat in the bar where the same menu is offerred along with a piano player.Another special feature was a Mercedes sedan that delivered me to my business meeting location without charge. The Mansion is not a Ritz Carlton, a Four Seasons or a resort. It is unique and needs to be enjoyed for what it is. Look at their website for some great package deals. Discounts for the Mansion are also available on some of the travel websites. I booked at 40% of the standard rate. If you go to Dallas, especially on business, stay at the Mansion.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jpmay
<Content>Sort of weird ! Firstly ... why do people say this hotel is expensive? Simply look up the prices on the web .. say 400 a night. (And that's USD.) Now look up the prices of an actual expensive hotel such as the Ritz in Paris or the Barq in Dubai or any normal four seasons, say.The M. at T.C. is -- simply -- cheap as far as luxury hotels go. It's a cheap hotel. And that's that.Secondly .. alll of Dallas is kind of spread out and you only get to anywhere by car. So suitably, the M at TC is simply nowhere - like everything in Dallas! They have a lovely S-class to drive you around in if you need to go to say the 7-11 for nappies, or whatever.Thirdly .. the decor is best described as SORT OF LIKE THE WHITE HOUSE. If you've seen a movie or TV show showing the inside of the White House, it kind of looks like that! Sort of formal - classical - American. You know, extremely high quality, very thick dark blue carpets, endless shiny new marble in the bathrooms, etc.Fourthly .. bizarrely (considering the lovely quality interiors) the exterior of the hotel is laughable .. it loosk exactly like one of those ultra-ultra-cheap apartment blocks thrown up in US cities, you know, with sort of sprayed-on stone chips over chicken wire .. exactly like the cheapest possible apartment bldg in the US!Fifthly ... the service is extremely friendly, the best of American sort of thing ... real Men's Men who will talk to you about baseball and Ferraris and stuff, truly friendly, and truly openly helpful as really only generous Americans can be. They are completely used to dealing with world statesmen, etc. But I'm not sure the service is all that COMPETENT .. things seem to get fouled-up a bit, etc. ..?Sixthly ... there is the terribly famous restaurant. Really I only ate there once so I can't comment expertly in the famous food. But it is SOO formal .. why?? I'm completely in favor of formal, but I just wonder why it is so formal? .. I don't know.Seventhly ... I guess it is An Icon, so if you visit Dallas you should certainly try and stay. Really, if visiting Dallas you have to try it once, and that's about the size of it !Generally speaking Rosewood is fab, but the Mansion At Turtle Creek is kind of in it's own category!!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>familyof4nm
<Content>Nice, but not the Rutz I am surprised this is the oly 5 star hotel in Texas. The rooms and bathrooms were larger than the norm, but I think this place is overrated. Most of the hotel employees were friendly, but the evening front check-in desk needs some work on personality. We are loyal Ritz-Carlton customers, and this is nothing near the friendliness and service RC offers. Can't believe there isn't one in DFW. Location is great; central to most of Dallas. Not a lot within walking distance. Twice daily housekeeping. Hotel was very quiet. We had small children and the first night cookies and milk were delivered. This was a nice touch. The hotel channel plays a Travel Channel review over and over. It shows the reviewer getting a complimentary upgrade to a suite and being fawned over. HMMMM.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service not up to par My husband and I recently spent a night at the mansion to celebrate our nine year wedding anniversary. The hotel was just lovely and the room was exceptionally beautiful. The problem was the service. Many of the requests my husband and I made went unnoticed and some of the staff were rather rude. We have traveled to many cities around the world staying at a variety of hotels even those that are below five star rated that were equally as posh and provided top notch service. Needless to say, my husband and I were quite dissappointed. The price far exceeds all the the mansion promises.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>glbtrttr
<Content>Not Sure About "The Best" - But Close Having stayed in many higher-end hotels around the world for business travel, I have come to expect second-rate service in 5-star US properties vs. their international (particularly Asian) brethren. That said, I have always been partial to the home away from home feel of the Four Seasons properties in the US. What's my point? The Mansion certainly ranks up there from a service angle - attentive staff, a welcome environment, and the little things I personally like - for example they'll open the fitness center after normal hours if you ask, and I have called several times from the fitness center asking room service to deliver my meal at a specific time - has never failed. And the tortilla soup is UNBELIEVABLE - don't miss it.I'm not sure why everyone raves about the location - you're in an area of townhouses and office buildings without great views, etc. But it's relatively quiet - except for the occasional plane en route to DFW.In summary, if you are a leisure traveler stretching to stay here, I would suggest spending less at another property and spending your money on a nice dinner at the Mansion. If you have the means (either via your expense or personal account), it's great.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>PERFECT , EXCELLENT !!!!!!!!!!!! One of the best hotels I 've ever been . My standard room was large and very comfortable (the best bed I've ever sleeped in). Service was perfect and food excellent !  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of my favorites Upon reading some reviews on this web site, I was a bit concerned about stayingat the Mansion. We stayed during Breeders Cup weekend, also, so I thought thingsmight have gotten a bit hectic. But, in my opinion, the Mansion lived up to it's reputation! Service was efficient, and surprisingly friendly, from the front desk, to the concierge, to the bartenders and the housekeeping staff. Everything we asked for was brought to us exactly as we ordered. Everything in the room was extremely clean. We had a beautiful weekend at Lonestar Park and the Mansion!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful with great service I stayed at the Mansion and it was a wonderful experience. The room was beautiful, and the service was fantastic. I did not receive any substandard or snooty service. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful. They had nice background music playing in the room when we arrived, and upon coming back to the room in the evening, music was again playing, cold bottled water was provided, bathrobes laid out, etc. All in all it was a beautiful place, the room was absolutely heavenly and the service was terrific. Well worth it's consistent rating as one of the top hotels in America!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Over-Rated   showReview(2705141, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful and Romantic   showReview(2525689, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jameson07
<Content>Thought it was Outstanding   showReview(1771656, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Mansion and Dean Fearing are my favorites   showReview(1771555, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wolftactical
<Content>Nice but not worth the price   showReview(1670465, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bradowpc
<Content>The single most overrated hotel in America today   showReview(1539084, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Waste your Time!   showReview(1506071, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 3, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lisa&Matt
<Content>Room was disappointing   showReview(1483463, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>axle
<Content>The Mansion is a 1st class destination!   showReview(1189643, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Mansion is just that!   showReview(1189170, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Comfort e romanticismo   showReview(18532920, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

