<Author>UndrH2O
<Content>high class on a budget My husband and I are both in graduate school, while working full time, and decided that after finals we would take a weekend to get away. I bought tickets to the Blue Man Group at the Charles Playhouse, and found a deal to the Park Plaza (nearly next door) for $99 per night. We booked a Saturday night in December. The hotel is VERY regal, full of history, as can be seen in the chandeliers and mouldings, and original tile in the bathroom. The room we booked was, understandably, very small, but completely sufficient. It needs a little updating, but it was more than sufficient for our needs. We didn't utilize the restaurants, shops, or room service, so I can't speak to those aspects of the hotel. Check in was easy, no problem. We found our room with little difficulty. Bed was VERY comfortable, and there was a plethora of pillow choices. Cable was great, nice deep tub in the bathroom, everyone was pretty friendly.The one main downside of this hotel was that the walls were VERY thin. We could hear arguments going on down the hall, and we could hear EVERY word. I've never come upon this problem before, and was a bit confused as to what to do. Eventually it just stopped and everyone, presumably, went back to sleep. Other guests were stomping their feet on the floor and banging on the walls to get them to stop, but they were obviously intoxicated and oblivious. It was 2 AM. We could also hear other guests down the hall having a completely different and seemingly more pleasant interaction. Very clearly. I'm not sure if it was the clientelle was that there that weekend of if the walls are particularly thing, or a combination. I like to go away and be alone, but this aspect made it difficult to feel like you're alone. You were aware of everyone all of the time. It might be different in the upgraded tower rooms, but certainly not in the cheap seats.Otherwise, we really love Boston, and love to visit, just not sure we would go to the Park Plaza again. We went for a little of Old Boston on the cheap, which we were able to achieve.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>MB6td
<Content>Just OK...       Nice bed and large room  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>jesslca321
<Content>Highly Recommend Great hotel! Everything is within walking distance and it's one block from the park. Hotel has restaurants, bars and a nightclub. Rooms are large and we even had 2 bathrooms in our room. For the price you can't beat it, it's a 4 star hotel. Will defintely stay again,  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SuNWLondon
<Content>Spacious room We stayed here for 3 nights and were very pleasantly surprised by the size of the room, 2 queen beds and 2 separate bathrooms - this maybe due to the fact it was upgraded from a standard room when we checked in. The beds were very comfy, lovely good quality linen, but no mini fridge. Location was very central and walking distance to major sites, nearest T Stop (subway stn) is Arlington. Staff were very nice and friendly and overall stay was very nice.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>CorkJenken
<Content>GREAT HOTEL this is a great hotelideal locationvery friendly staffrooms fantastic  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JonathanRowe
<Content>Superb stay !       Boston Park Plaza Hotel  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>kyoto5301
<Content>Affordable, Great Location, A Few Details Missing I recently traveled for business to Boston, and the meeting was at the Park Plaza. It was a pleasant surprise to be at a hotel right in the center of town. The Park Plaza is perfectly located adjacent to the Boston Common, Newbury Street and Comm Ave at the top of Arlington Street with lots of shopping, restaurants, T (subway) stop, and points of interest nearby. The lobby is nice. The room was quite small, with a small bathroom as might be expected for a vintage hotel such as this. Everything was very clean. However, upon check in, the room was extremely cold. Someone came from engineering within 30 minutes and solved the problem by turning up the steam heater in the bathroom, which helped. They had tags to hang on the door to get a newspaper daily, and while they took the tag, the newspaper never appeared during my two night stay. Worst of all, was that I hung a tag out to order a room service breakfast-I also called room service to let them know the night before, and they assured me, that this would guarantee that the room service breakfast would arrive as requested. Unfortunately, that didn't happen, and when I mentioned it, the person said oh yes, unfortunately that happens (though they did bring me breakfast, a bit late but I made it to my meeting). In summary, for the price and location, this is a perfectly alright place to stay, as long as you can roll with the punches when it comes to ironing out a few details.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	5	4	4	2	2	

<Author>knitter06
<Content>mixed bag Stayed here 2 nights for a conference. I generally like old hotels, but have very mixed feelings about this one. The room was small, which was OK, and the bed was great. Room was clean. But the bathroom was a challenge- you were smack up against the TP rolls when using the toilet, and the sink faucet did not come out far enough so washing hands, etc. meant some wrist contortions. It got to be quite annoying and uncomfortable! There is no free internet service of any type anywhere in the hotel. Their cafe is small for such a large hotel. I would not like to stay here again if all the rooms are like this.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	3	3	1	

<Author>jeff1232
<Content>If you want to sleep, don't stay here I've stayed at this hotel many times for business and this was the worst. My room was on the 5th floor over Whisky Park which is an in-hotel bar/nightclub. It's right next to the check-in area. I checked in at 10:30pm and when I got in the room, I could hear and feel it vibrate from the bass from the music in the bar. At 11:15pm I called down and asked when the music would stop. Very soon I was told. At 12:30am I went downstairs and the music was so loud I could hardly talk to the person at the front desk. They said that nothing could be done and the bar closed at 2am. I spoke to someone at the front door of the bar and I think they actually turned the music up.4 floors above the bar and my room was vibrating and I could hear the bass. The hotel will do nothing. If you want to sleep before 2am, avoid the Park Plaza.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>junesun911
<Content>Nice Hotel!! Booked this hotel through expedia since they gave such a great deal on it. Read some reviews and was kinda iffy..but im glad i picked this. i got 2 rooms...one for 2ppl and one for 4girls (which i was in). i found a coupon for Expedia online so i used the coupon deduction to move us up to two DELUXE double rooms. Best idea yet...the rooms were SOOO big!! the beds were huge..2 bathrooms per room (the bathrooms were a bit tiny..only one person at at time fits..but HEY..they give u TWO of them..so who am i to complaine! the hotel is very old world regal..kinda like THE PLAZA feel (in NY) piano bar, elegant lobby. We parked our car one block up at the public parking since the hotel valet was a little bit 2 expensive, all in all i like the place alot..it was clean, big, classy and near alot of great resturants. Very close to NEWBERRY street and the T was about 3 blocks away.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	-1	4	

<Author>coachcorrie
<Content>Nice Hotel - Terrible Rooms! The location of this hotel is its best asset! We were able to walk to everything in Boston Common and surrounding hot spots and get cabs for only the real far-away places like Fenway and the harbor. The lobby and hotel amenities are okay and average -surely not of park plaza style and comfort (like we had expected for the $275 a night rate - and that was the hotels.com special rate!). Most of the hotel staff are rude and impatient with tourists. The rooms were by far the most horriable experience we've had in a very long time. There was definately a mold problem. Our air conditioner was of poor quality and not even working. The room was damp, smelly and the bathroom was the size of telephone booth! You had to turn the shower water off to soap up because there was no room to manuever with bathroom products while bathing - very bad! The pictures on the site do not show you the amazingly small/issues of the rooms. Granted it is an old hotel from the 1920s so location was great - but because it was rennovated we expected more from the Park Plaza company. The price was way too steep for the quality. My guess is they are charging this high because of its location. Try the Marriott or Raddison - which is one block from this hotel - same location better price and quality.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	1	1	2	

<Author>Thorsten12
<Content>Enjoyed it! Really liked the hotel! Very good location and within walking distance to many interesting sightseeing points! Our room was very spacious and clean....we had two double beds and an extra bed...the beds were absolutely great! There were also two bathrooms not very large but really convenient! The concierge was very helpfull and friendly! We enjoyed our stay!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>spillersm
<Content>Not so great This hotel is located in the Theater District, right across the street from Boston Commons. The Freedom Trail starts about a five minute walk from the hotel. Also convienant to grab trolley tours, gray lines, Boston Ducks. About a 15 minute walk to Faniual Hall  Quincy Market. I got a room with a king bed, which made the room extremely small. A friend had double beds and their room was larger. My room was so small, you couldn't open the dresser drawers all the way. There was barely enough room to get in between the bed and dresser. In the bathroom, you had to manuver between the toilet paper holder and toilet. It is a small room and bathroom. I am a light sleeper and didn't hear alot of outside noise, although the hotel was busy. Shower heads are excellent.Some of the staff was a little rude. The female consierge (I think her name was Ashley) was very kind and extremely helpful. The male consierge was a little rude and hard to work with. Got lost and tried to get directions from security, and found them hard to work with.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	5	3	2	2	1	

<Author>WestCanTraveler
<Content>Nice hotel, below average rooms Stayed at this hotel for a conference and it certainly seems well prepared for this kind of visitor. The public spaces and meeting rooms are all of a high standard; staff well able to deal with the volume of guests and all remarkably friendly/helpful. In-hotel restaurants are varied but pricey; a better option is the right next door Au Bon Pain that allows for a quick and inexpensive meal any time of day. I did eat a couple of meals in hotel restaurants and food and service were both very good.The rooms at the hotel are another story, however. Small, ordinary, and--at least where I was--very very noisy. I could hear the phone ring in the next door room as well as any coughing etc. Doors along the hallways in desperate need of oiling instead of the squealing noise that each of them seemed to make. And the heating system was so loud, I turned it off and had a cold room instead. And there was no way to lessen the incessant street noise outside. I seldom have trouble sleeping when I travel, but this was not a good experience. One positive: the shower in the bathroom is really good--two power heads, as others have noted. But the bathroom was tiny--closet sized (and it must said that the closet in the bedroom was less than closet sized--also tiny) and dated. I liked the original tile floor but toilet/basin/faucets needed upgrading. The shower curtain had a number of small, but nasty stains. Both the bedroom and the bathroom desperately deserved a fresh coat of paint--I've seen dorm rooms in better condition. Overall the room seemed out of step with the public areas of the hotel and the hotel's image of itself.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	5	2	5	4	3	

<Author>Tworabbitz
<Content>Great location My husband  I booked a one night stay in Boston and chose the Park Plaza for its location: near Boston Common, Newbury  Boylston St. shopping. Our room wasn't ready upon arrival around 3pm. They said it would be ready about an hour later. No big deal; we went out for a walk  a drink. Upon our return we were able to check in. I recommend booking a deluxe king (as opposed to the standard king) for the extra space if the difference in price is nominal...it's worth it. The room  bathroom were very clean. The bed was extremely comfortable (9 pillows!) The shower was dual-head and we had plenty of hot water. Although the rooms around us were occupied, we didn't hear any neighbor noise except for doors opening/shutting in the a.m.Just two issues: a banging noise when the heat kicked on a couple of times in the night.... It was loud enough to wake me up each time. Also, it took several toilet flushes for the water to sufficiently drain each time we flushed. Didn't especially care for that.A note about breakfast to fellow tourists: we wanted to find a cool breakfast spot (not the hotel breakfast buffet) the next morning and the concierge recommended a popular place - The Paramount on Charles St - about a 10-15 walk from the hotel....we got there and the wait was long and we decided not to wait.....didn't see any other breakfast spots (other than coffee/muffin places) in our wanderings, so we actually just went back to the hotel for the buffet....it was $20 a piece but the food was plentiful and perfectly fine(eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, bagels, salmon, omelet bar, pastries, fruit, etc.) If you're famished in the morning, and not up for a walk  a wait, that is probably the way to go.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dreams4u1961
<Content>fenway park Our first trip to Boston and we can't wait to return. My husband's dream was to see NY Yankees play at Fenway Park. The dream became a reality. We stayed at the Boston Park Plaza which we found to be a great central place to stay. It was located within walking distance to a wide assortment of things to see and do. Boston Common Park, Cheers bar!, Gray Line bus depot, Fanueil Market, Fenway Park, Commonwealth area and Copley Place to name a few. Everyone at Park Plaza were friendly and helpful. The room was great with the exception of the small counter space surrounding the bathroom sink. A little over priced at $399.00 a night. and food a bit pricey so we ate elsewhere. We felt safe at any time of the day as we were walking, walking, walking. Details: we booked Wrentham Village Outlets which had great shopping bargains. Yes ladies......5 hrs. of solid shopping! With the location of the hotel we only had to walk 1 1/2 blocks to the bus depot. This depot is also where you can book and catch the trolley tours, duck tour, etc.. Fenway is a brisk 40 min. walk from the hotel. Cheers is located on the other side of the park (couple of blocks from the hotel) which is an approximate 10 min. stroll. This takes you into the Commonwealth residential area which is a great reminder of our Europe vacation. Narrow cobblestone streets with flower boxes and wrought iron railings. Beautiful. The hotel is also adjacent to Newbury and Robson Streets which are popular with pubs, restaurants, shops, etc.. Charley's on Newbury is a must for some great food after a day of sightseeing. Lots of Au Bon Pain eateries for some on the go healthier eating alternatives. Tips on purchasing reasonably priced ball tickets would be appreciated. I ended up purchasing tickets online so we had guaranteed seats for our trip. The price was ridiculously inflated @ 4 tickets for just under $1200.. The price printed on the tickets when I rec'd them was $45.00 each. With the weather not being a guarantee one of the games ended up getting rained out. Great disappointment after paying that steep of a price for tickets. Guess one out of two isn't bad. Could have been worse if both games were rained out. We will return to venture the trolley tour as well as Cape Cod and whatever else our hearts desire. Great City!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>doc_M
<Content>Good conference venue I stayed at this hotel for a conference. When I got the conference details and looked at the room rate, I began looking for a different hotel! But the others in the vicinity seemed even more expensive.The Park Plaza has a certain slightly old-world charm: it is an older building, and they play that up a little. It is, however, well-appointed, clean and well-maintained. (The heater/cooler in my room was making a loud noise when I arrived, but they quickly sent a technician to silence it).The fitness room is barely adequate - much better than some hotels, but not satisfactory for anyone who wants to do serious resistance training. In-room internet access is not cheap ($11 basic; $13 for VPN-capable service. There's no explanation of what the full extent of the difference is). Breakfast was not included in the rate. The Hotel breakfast is not cheap, but there is a cafe outside, on the same block, which does all kinds of stuff. Similarly, for dining, there are several restaurants and a pub on the same block, and several other restaurants (for various budgets) within a block or so. Provided someone else is paying the bill, or you are reconciled to paying good money for a hotel - as you will need to in this part of Boston - the Park Plaza offers a comfortable place to stay.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>trasna80
<Content>Nice hotel- good location This is a very nice hotel in a great central location. Staff were friendly and it was clean and well maintained. I found the room and beds to be a bit small by comparison to other hotels and the bar and lobby bar were a bit stuffy and boring for young people. On the whole though a really nice hotel.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SueMae
<Content>Nicer than I expected I was unable to stay at my first choice hotel in Boston and was offered this hotel. The hotel was much nicer inside than I expected. Lobby decor was nice, not sparkling new but not shabby at all. The room had been redocrated and the bed was very comfortable, with high quality linens and a great number of pillows. The bathroom had also been redocrated, but the original tile mosaic floor was left, a nice historic touch. This room had the best shower I have ever had in a hotel, with two side by side shower heads, great water pressure and a curved shower curtain rod. Tub was European style, deeper than most. Location is central to The Commons, and about a 15 min walk to the convention center.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>FulshearTraveler
<Content>Poor Housekeeping Beautiful hotel lobby with a great location. A little pricey for the room. Stayed four nights and could not get the houskeeper to clean the tub. Left notes, but they were ignored. I'll look at other hotels my next stay.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>MallyBeckenham
<Content>Brilliant hotel - great location We loved this hotel. We stayed for 1 week. The room was clean, spacious and very comfortable and the hotel clean and nice. The staff were helpful and friendly and gym was good. The location was perfect and very close to transport links.Only negatives: Concierge desk always had a queue and only seemed to have a single person serving. The maids knocked at 08:00 sometimes which wasn't very welcome on holiday!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>TXglobetrotter_09
<Content>great location near Boston Common, Theaters and Chinatown Pros:Wonderful downtown location. Near Boston Common, Theaters and Chinatown. 2 blocks from two different T stops (train).Near the start of the Freedom Trail and several landmarks.New carpet.Coffee maker in room.Cons:Old, small rooms. Tiny bathrooms. No breakfast included, but standard at the high end hotels.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BunkoRT
<Content>Great location, rooms questionable My husband and I stayed here during a conference last week and it was alright. The concierge was very informative and the front staff very polite. The room cleaning was questionable though as they did not remove empty water bottles the whole time we stayed. They also only dumped the garbage, they did not replace the lining. I think that towels were just refolded and replaced instead of giving new towels. The showers were actually very small although there was excellent pressure from the showerhead. We didn't dine at the hotel, although we heard firsthand that there was one restaurant that was very slow in service (main course took 2 hours). The location of this hotel was good, the subway station was not too far away. If I had to go to Boston again, I may look elsewhere to stay.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	4	3	

<Author>heelsfan603
<Content>Stay someplace else! I travel for work and pleasure non-stop and this is the worst hotel that I have stayed at in a very long time. Check in went smoothly, but when I got to my room it was very old and the door in great need of a paint job. I ordered room service dinner, which came and was wrong. Upon reordering dinner it took another hour to have it sent up - and 3 phone calls. While the supervisor removed the room charge, I was starving and not happy. There are no hair dryers - what hotel doesn't have hair dryers in this day and age - the bathroom is tiny and street noise went on all night long. For the money, stay someplace else! This hotel is an embarrassment to the Starwood chain.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	3	2	3	

<Author>WLondon77
<Content>Gorgeous hotel with history!       Smallish room but big enough!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tykerb
<Content>Pleasant stay in excellent location This hotel, located in the Back Bay area of Boston, is perfect for tourists in Boston. Prices are very reasonable, and you get quite a lot for your money.We stayed here mid-week. It was not too crowded, staff were pleasant and helpful. We were staying in a King room, which I would recommend, as it is very spacious; the Queen rooms looked far more compact.The decor is a small bit dated, but very well maintained.This is not the place to stay if you're looking for a mad party, or to meet people.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>California-Cindy
<Content>This was probably one of the most beautiful hotels that I have ever stayed in. This was probably one of the most beautiful hotels that I have ever stayed at. We ended up here by accident, attending a conference in Boston held at a nearby hotel that got sold out. What a nice surprise. The Boston Park Plaza was old-world elegant. The entrance was gorgeous. We had an room on the 10th floor on the corner of the building. The room was a bit small, but had a wonderful over-stuffed bed with lots of pillows. The bathroom was marble. Everything was spotless and very inviting. It was noisy though because of the street below. We ate at two of their restaurants. McCormic's-was a very nicely decorated Seafood establishment. The service was great. Seafood was tasty, but the Seafood Salad only average. There was also a high end desert bar, that we enjoyed. We snuck a peak into the grand ball room and could not believe how beautiful the room was. Would be perfect for a wedding. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Primus33
<Content>Great Hotel Lovely hotel and great location.I can recomend this hotel, the location is great for all tourist attractions and the airport.Very friendly staff and worth every penny.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>rokeedy
<Content>Nice Hotel in Boston! Found a good deal on Expedia so I decided to try this hotel on my trip to Boston. Elegant hotel, friendly staff, clean and cozy room. Bathroom is a little old, but everything else was nice! When we first arrived and got into our room, it was a smoking room and we had requested non-smoking. They quickly and happily made a room change for us. Great location, walking distance to Boston Common, Newbury Street, Faneuil Hall.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>knitting
<Content>Leaves alot to be desired I booked a 1 night stay for a nonsmoking room with a King bed.Check in went well, but upon arrival in the room it was obvious that the previous guest had been a heavy smoker and the room reeked. (The room had just been made up and the chambermaid showed us all the spray and machine that she had used to try and eliminate the stench). In addition the bed was clearly a queen size. We went back to check in and reported the above. With regard to the bed size we were told that the king beds at the park plaza are like queen beds anywhere else ( an interesting comment I thought). We were nonetheless given a new room as I insisted that I could not sleep in a room which smelt from smoke. Our new room had a true king size bed and was smoke free. Fine. Early Sat.morning (7:45) the chambermaid opens the door to come and clean our room, thereby awakening us - a might early for a weekend day! When I mentioned this at the front desk no apology or explanation was offered. Not a pleasant experience!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>Barcelonamom
<Content>Loved the Park Plaza! We loved the Park Plaza. We got a great rate from Travel Zoo, $159 a night. Our room was beautiful, two full size beds, lots of pillows and two bathrooms, one on each side of the room. That was a pleasant surprise upon check in. The area was very nice, alot of restaurants nearby. The lobby was grand and everyone at the hotel was very helpful. We had forgot to pack toothpaste. So I went to the lobby to ask where I could buy some, along with a place nearby to pick up coffee. They asked my name and within a few minutes my husband said they sent someone up with toothpaste. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Adrian9
<Content>Good rooom, good location, luke warm reception... We stayed at the Park Plaza for the first three nights of our honeymoon from 25 to 28 Aug before travelling on to New York. We stayed in a 'Deluxe Room - 1 King'. Our room was on the fifth floor I think and was definitely not small. It looked like it used to be two rooms that had been knocked together but the result was excellent. One of the biggest hotel rooms I've stayed in actually.The room and bathroom were clean and well kept. The cleaning staff kept the place really well. The only downside was our reception on arrival, but I can put that down to one dodgy member of staff because the others were quite nice.Only other things to mention is that some reviewers found this hotel noisy, but we didn't at all. Not a peep from another room.Also the location is great, the subway is a block away and gets you to the airport in 20min, you can walk to downtown in half an hour, and there's a good pub and restaurant downstairs. All in all highly reccommended.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	5	3	

<Author>jim61ny
<Content>Horrible Experience I hve been traveling extensively for yers and this was one of the worst experiences I have had. I booked a room in March for a wedding on June 14th. Unfortunately one of the grooms immediate family members got sick and the wedding was moved to September 13th. I called on April 2nd to move my reservation. The first two people I spoke with said this could not be done my money was gone. When booking my reservation it said no where that the room was non refundable. I asked about this and I was told that there are no refunds for rooms booked online. This was my first major gripe what major hotel has this type of policy. I was changing my reservation 2 and 1/2 months ahead of time this is crazy. I then explained I was not canceling but moving the date and explained the circumstances. I was still told the move was impossible. Finally I got a manager in the hotel told me I could move the date to September 13th. I did this over the phone and was content that even though it was a process it was done. However when I called to confirm two weeks ago they had no reservation for me nd no knowledge of any phone calls. I was actually told there was a traacking system for every phone call and they had nothing showing I had ever called. I called 10-15 different times! After expressing my frustration to two other people I was told to leve a message for the reservations manager. I did so twice on Aug 30 and 31st and never recieved a call back. I gave up and made a reservation and a nicer area hotel. To me what it comes down to is the the Boston Park Plaza hotel stole 300 dollars from me and I would never trust them with a credit card. I will never stay there or at another starwoods hotel again (I am a starwoods member and will be canceling my membership). I am an easy customer to please and have never given a bad review. This was a horrow show. Shame on the Boston Park Plaza hotel.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Clareasmud
<Content>Excellent location       Lobby of Park Plaza, Boston  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>worldtravellers123
<Content>Great hotel in a good location.       room view  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>babobear1
<Content>Great Location After reading some of the reviews of this historic hotel, I was a bit nervous, but my stay at the Park Plaza was great. The location is the best part...it is in the middle of everything! We walked everywhere we wanted to go. The room was a bit small but I expected that in a city hotel. The king size bed was very comfortable. The room was clean and the staff was professional and very accommodating. I would recommend this hotel to friends and family.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Heather053
<Content>definitely an old hotel Rooms were clean and well-decorated and the bed was comfortable. That's where my positive experience ends, though. To begin, in three days, I never once experienced a truly warm shower: after ten minutes of running the water, it began to approach lukewarm at best; the staff's explanation was a sheep-faced, uh, sorry, our boilers are old. To make matters worse, there must be no insulation in the walls; I'm not a particularly light sleeper, yet I heard (and couldn't sleep through) every bathroom activity of neighboring (above and adjoining) rooms; it sounded as if the water other guests were running was running in my room. And I've never encountered a toilet with such a loud flush before! Finally and inexplicably, the TV was about twenty feet away from the bed and at a right angle to it so that there was no way to comfortably watch TV in bed, as I like to do when I'm traveling on business. All in all, it certainly seemed to me that this is a hotel coasting on its historic status and location; I recommend avoiding it, particularly when taking into account the price (not cheap).  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	3	2	

<Author>Tim068
<Content>Poor Service .........Never again The Hotel Staff were rather blunt and abrupt. We had to look for someone to assist us in getting our gear to our room.The bathrooms really weren't great and the room was so very small. Tha gas / air con unit in the room was really noisey and I should have asked for a move but we could not be asked. There were spurts of noise which was quite frightening throughout the night (no I am not precious).The beds were nice and there was a bit of a view but other than that and the location, I would not return to this hotel again. The staff really put me off. Oh and at afternoon tea we had to wait some considerable time for service.On, exit they gave us this huge telephone bill and when I questioned it, they simply said it was the supplier's rates and not theirs, I don't believe it. I had used the phone for 3 minutes ...I foolishly forgot to take my change from the traveller's cheque I had paid and no mention was made by the assistant either as we gathered our bags. I refused to tip the doorman as he had simply opened the doors for us and the service had been so bad, he shouted at us in the street to top things off. We had tipped graciously throughout our trip but I refuse to tip when the service has been poor. I agree with all of the negative feedback on this hotel and a local even referred to it as not very good. AddieLondon  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	1	2	2	

<Author>vacationer71
<Content>Great location, so-so property We were booked into the Park Plaza as part of a package. It's a mastadon of a city hotel -- a pile of fairly small and outdated rooms on top of a pile of restaurants and retail occupying a full city block Imagine a mid-point between the two New York paragons of this style: the luxury Waldorf-Astoria and the package-tourist-and-overnighting-stewardess Hotel Pennsylvania. As such, it does a decent job, but you wouldn't want to spend much time in the rooms or the very busy lobby.We didn't dine at the hotel or use any of its services besides parking, but we did use the gym and want to note that it has the best hotel gym we've seen in years -- the full equivalent in range of equipment to a typical private gym, in a spacious purpose-built space, the kind of thing one tends to expect only in top-tier resort hotel or in a hotel which hosts a regular private gym and has it double-duty for guest accommodation.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Wanderer33
<Content>Got a great deal for a great hotel When I found an online price for the well-known Boston Park Plaza Hotel for $149/night, I thought there must be a mistake. Or they were doing construction next door. But I never found any problems and got a wonderful rate for a fine hotel at a great location near the Boston Garden near the Arlington St. subway stop. In fact, we were upgraded for free to the Towers floor and got a huge room, access to a lounge with free breakfast and evening appetizers and to wireless internet. This was a great place to stay for a mixed business/pleasure trip to Boston. I'd have been happy even if I had to pay more for the room.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Nic673
<Content>Good location I found a reduced rate for a room on the business floor (15th floor) in the Towers. We had access to the lounge there and got a great breakfast in the morning (scrambled eggs, fruit, yogurt, pastries, bagels, mini muffins, juice) and substantial hors d'oerves in the evening (several hot choices like beef skewers and mini samosas, cheese, veggie sticks, guacamole, salsa, chips). There was also coffee, tea, and light snacks available all day in the lounge. Our room was not huge but nicely appointed. King bed, small desk, and nice washroom. We arrived on a Monday and checked out on Thursday for a rate of $250 per night (pre-tax). I thought this was fair considering the extras we got for staying on the business floor. The staff was generally very nice except for a few that didn't know what they were doing. We asked a gentleman staffer in the lobby for directions and he just said I don't know and walked away. Oh well! But the hotel is in a great location (pretty much centrally located) and close to transit. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>eah565
<Content>Horrible service, staff, management 鈥?Overall not a good experience You would think for a hotel of this stature and reputation it would not treat guests like dirt. After holding a company event at the hotel facility for five days I have come to realize that the Park Plaza should not be put on as high a pedestal as one thinks. Management and staff was rude and un-helpful and when something went wrong an apology was never given. When guests complained about having no AC, green water, leaks and more in their hotel rooms nothing was done. The only thing this hotel has going for it is its location and historic value, other than that I would highly recommended to NEVER stay at this hotel. You could probably receive better service at the Holiday Inn.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	3	1	3	

<Author>BI-Travelers
<Content>Great hotel, great service, great location! My family of four, including two teenage boys stayed at the Boston Park Plaza for 5 nights and really enjoyed our stay. The location is excellent, the rooms, although fairly small, were certainly big enough for the four of us and were well maintained and very nicely decorated. We received very good service and would definitely stay there again if we return to Boston. Everyone, including the desk clerk, concierge, door man, and housekeeping staff were friendly as well as helpful. I have no complaints and would highly recommend the Boston Park Plaza.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>michalmm
<Content>fantastic!       Room 887  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bundyboyEngland
<Content>Loved the Park Plaza  Stayed 3 nights in a tower room. Large and very comfortable bed, ideal for seeping off all the walking in this beautiful city.Nice big room with everything you need, Complimentary breakfast and evening snacks in the tower level lounge were excellent.Hotel itself is great, excellent service and big choice of on site restaurants. The Bonfire for special meal, McCormick and Schmicks for great seafood or bargain dinner between 9 and 11.Walking distance to everything Boston has to offer, and there is a lot!Would certainly recommend the tower rooms, don't know about the standard ones, but Great location and facilities should be enough  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>jfbrown55
<Content>Great history, ok rooms The Park Plaza is a grand old hotel with great history. The lobby is beautiful and impressive. We upgraded to the Tower Level, so our room was larger than many but it was definitely an old room. The bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was updated with nice toiletry items. The Tower Level included access to an executive lounge. Continental breakfast was served in the morning, and appetizers in the evening. The food served was tasty and it was nice to have it available. The hotel location was excellent and would have been hard to beat. We had many problems with our reservation, but they were eventually worked out during check in. Apparently they have some association with SPG, but not that so you can use SPG points or receive credit for the stay. One night during our stay, It began to rain heavily. We noticed our ceiling was leaking. We placed a trash can under the leak and reported it to the concierge of the executive floor. When we returned from dinner, it was no longer raining and it was no longer leaking so we are not sure if they really did anything or not. The interesting thing was that there was now a large bubble filled with water on our wall! The bubble eventually disappeared as the wall absorbed the water.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>HappyJourneys
<Content>Terrible service, rude managers We had stayed at the Park Plaza previously and thought it was a good location and a good experience overall especially given the deal we got on the rooms (under $100). This time, a year later, we paid full price and received TERRIBLE service. The managers we spoke with were expressly rude and unhelpful. Rooms are small and smelly. TV was not working. Walls are THIN -- you can hear every word next door. Don't stay here during a busy travel time. If it is not a peak period, you can hope to get upgraded to better conditions. The only good this is the location in terms of being in downtown Boston, near the T and restaurants, etc. And the beds are admittedly comfortable. But it's really not worth the price that they are charging. Internet is an extra charge, even in the lobby. The hotel desperately needs new management!! We never got an apology or a kind word. I won't stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>uvaqtpi
<Content>Good Hotel with Poor Billing Practices My husband and I just returned from our 8 night stay in Boston at the Park Plaza Hotel. We booked our flight and hotel in early March and prepaid the trip. Our initial impression of the hotel was amazing. When we checked in, the hotel offered a complimentary upgrade to a towers level room, which provided a complimentary continental breakfast, evening hors d'oeuvres, complimentary local and long distance phone calls, complimentary bottles of water in the room, bathrobe and slippers, upgraded marble bathroom, and nightly turndown service. Of course we opted for the upgrade and after taking the dedicated elevator that ran only from the lobby to the 15th floor towers level, found the room to well exceed our expectations.The room was small, after all it is an old hotel, and the bathroom was fantastic. The window opened, albeit a total of about 3 inches, but enough to let a cool Boston breeze enter the room. The towers level lounge was nice and the complimentary breakfast and hors d'oeuvres were tasty (although the same breakfast was served every day). Our only problems with the hotel involve several clerical errors that resulted in large pending charges to our credit card. We checked in on a Saturday and Monday we discovered a $1500 hold on our card. My husband went to the front desk and explained the situation and was told that there had been a clerical error and our room charges (which had been prepaid in March) were charged to our card instead of to hotels.com. The staff promptly cleared the hold and instead placed a $400 hold for any incidental charges ($50 a night for the 8 nights we were staying). We had no other problems until we were returning home the following Sunday and discovered a $757 hold on our card. This was after checking out and being told that we had no charges. My husband called the hotel and they explained that there was another clerical error and that the charge would not be processed. Today is Tuesday and the charge is still pending but has not cleared. I will watch it closely.While we were pleased with the hotel accommodations, we have been very displeased with the clerical errors affecting our credit card. I definitely would expect more from a 3.5 star hotel. Perhaps they were just hoping to make an extra buck - who knows. I would stay there again, but would definitely be careful what card I give them upon check in.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>anitajd
<Content>Rooms and bathrooms are small I attended a convention at the Boston Park Plaza, and stayed there for 3 nights. I am originally from Boston, and I was very excited to stay there. As another reviewer wrote, I was excited because the lobby is so grand and beautiful. But I was greatly dissappointed by the size of my room and bathroom. There were no extra amenities, ie. breakfast incl. in price, wireless (or even free) internet access, robes., minibar, etc. I can't even remember if shampoo was supplied. Luckily I got a good rate on the room for being in downtown Boston. On the more positive side, the hotel staff was very friendly and efficient, especially the wait-staff during our convention luncheons and banquet. And the location can't be beat. Close to *everything*.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>saracalvin
<Content>OK for Budget Travelers I stayed at the Park Plaza for a conference. The hotel is an older property, but the facilities are well-maintained. The lobby area was very nice and reception was always helpful.The room (612) was of average size with a queen bed and work desk. Overall, the room was very clean even though the rooms are older. Unfortunately, the room smelled very musty on checking in. When I turned on the A/C, it smelled like it was burning. Maintainence came right away to make some adjustments, but the burn smell never went away. Also, the A/C is older and can't seem to keep up if you want the room very cold. The bathroom is on the small side, but clean (especially the shower).Given that I'm paying $180 per night (which I hear is a steal in Boston), I think this hotel is adequate. It certainly has personality, but the musty smell might turn some travelers off.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	4	5	4	2	

<Author>LuvProvo
<Content>Great location - awful bathrooms! We stayed at the Park Plaza for a long weekend to get away for our anniversary. As we walked into the lobby, we were so excited because it was so beautiful. The front desk staff was great and even sent us a bottle of champagne to our room. We stayed in a King Deluxe room (they upgraded us from a Queen), and it had 2 bathrooms - both of which were VERY small and VERY OLD. You could barely stand in the shower because the floors were slanted near the drain and the shower curtain kept blowing in. Yuck. The concierge and front desk always had long lines so if you need anything be prepared to wait. The bed was incredibly comfortable and the location of the hotel couldn't have been better. We could walk through Back Bay, to the Public Garden, Boston Common, and even to Faneiul Hall (a bit longer, but nice walk). We'll definitely be back to Boston and will may stay at the Park plaza again, but will be sure to request a room that has had the bathroom re-modelled. We were told that the the hotel is part of an old hospital.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Sarahms
<Content>Really good stay at the Park Plaza We had a deluxe king size corner room with 2 windows and a small view on the 12th floor.The room was a great size with a sofa, desk, walk in wardrobe and huge chest of drawers with a large tv. Strange thing to mention but the bedside cabinets were a good size as well which made it easy to put books,clocks etc onto. Very quiet couldn't hear a thing from adjoining rooms.The bathroom was small but very clean and plenty of towels and a great shower. Normal size hairdryer as well instead of those silly on the wall pull out ones - important detail for us girls with lots of hair to dry!!One of the most comfortable beds I have slept on with loads of different types of pillow so you just chose the type you liked. All kept very clean and tidy.Location of hotel is ideal with good restaurants on the doorstep and easy to get around the city.Literally the only thing I could complain about was that the concierge wasn't that helpful when my husband had a minor but irritating eye infection which to be able to get anything for he had to get a prescription from a doctor - the concierge told us there was no choice but to go to a hospital and be referred to a medical centre which would have meant a long wait into precious holiday time. We went to the local CVS who sent us to a walk in clinic next door and it was sorted in 2 hours in total. Small point but I did think the concierge perhaps should have known about that for guests who have minor problems.Other than that - great stay and would definitely stay at the Park Plaza again.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>G0neTravellin
<Content>Classic Hotel in Great Back Bay District We read some negative reviews and were a little skeptical about the hotel, however we were very pleased with the hotel and thought it to be one of the best values. It is located in the prime Back Bay area, two blocks from The Boston Commons and Garden, two blocks from Newbury Street (Boston's Rodeo Drive), several blocks from the Esplanade on the Charles River, Prudential Center, Copley Place. We walked everywhere from the hotel; i.e. the Freedom Trail, Faneuil Marketplace, Beacon Hill, the Wharf. It's also in a quieter location. The hotel is an older, classic hotel, but very well kept up and recently remodelled. The rooms are small, but well appointed and clean. Some rooms are more updated than others. All of the staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel has a nice fitness center, breakfast buffet (though a little pricey $20) and a McCormick  Schmick's Seafood Restaurant that features a half-price Happy Hour. We ate there three times during the week. They even changed the menu during the week. In the evenings, there is live piano music that you can enjoy in the lobby or the cafe. Overall, we were very satisfied with the hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>PedrosDaddy41
<Content>Don't Waste Your Money...Terrible Service, Unfriendly Staff Staff is rude and incompetent. Upon arrival key didn't work to get into room, 30 minutes to get someone to even meet us in the hall, the employee, couldn't get us in the room. He recommended telling the front desk to move our room. Moved to another room, with new key, which worked for one use. Key didn't work again in new room. Front desk sent another employee to get us into our room...never asked for ID either. TV in room was fuzzy. Made a complaint, found out from their engineering staff that the room wasn't equipped with cable tv. Phone in room didn't work. Concierge was supposed to make dinner reservations, never made them. Upon check out front desk charged $10 more per night than what was quoted. All in all service was horrible, rude staff. The only competent employees were the valet staff, who retrieved our car in 10 minutes, just like they said. Wouldn't recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>norseman747
<Content>Good place to stay Nice hotel,in a central position Room was clean and beds very comfortable. Bathroom small but adequate and newly done up. All it needs is a cheap breakfast room on site  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>Halesowen_traveller
<Content>Great Location We thoroughly enjoyed our 3 days at the Plaza. A very traditional city centre hotel it wears its history well. We had a great room with 2 bathrooms - evidence of past refurbishments which have reduced the number of rooms over time. Restaurant served a good breakfast although its clearly in the higher price bracket. The location is ideal for exploring Boston, sited midway between the harbour front area and the shops of Newbury and Prudential Centre. Right across the street from the Public Gardens and Boston Common too.Highly recommended!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>roadie53
<Content>It Should Be Put Out of Our Misery Where do I begin? The place is OLD and somewhat, but not much updated. The rooms are small and the Towers level is a joke. The lounge doesn't seat 1/2 of the people who are on the level. The first room I had was adequate in size, but the internet and phone did not work. When I reported they said they knew it was bad, but booked the room anyhow. They changed my room to one with a view of an airshaft and the size of a shoebox, I guess in retaliation for complaining. In addition, I sent laundry out, it came back, shirts requested folded, on hangers. All in all, they need to just give it up. The service is awful. Easy to understand why Starwood deflagged the place.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>aicirtapc5
<Content>Perfect place to stay!       view from the door  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>aztraveler0
<Content>Great Stay in Boston We booked the Park Plaza for 3 nights over the 4th of July holiday. We chose the hotel because my wife had stayed there for business a year ago and knew it would be convenient for all of the sites we wanted to see in downtown Boston. It is close to Boston Common and has close subway access and is within walking distance (a few miles) of all the major attractions and historic sites.We booked a King Deluxe room which was a very large room - much bigger than the standard room my wife had stayed in previously and a very generous size for a downtown hotel. The room was very comfortable with new pillow top bedding and white linen bed covers, a desk and two armless chairs (I would have preferred a lounge chair as there was room) and a flat screen TV on top of a 6 drawer dresser. I believe this room had once been two smaller rooms as there were 2 bathrooms - one with a tub shower and one with a stall shower. However typical of downtown hotels both bathrooms were quite small with limited shelf space so having two made the small size workable. The shower bathroom lacked a niche for soap/shampoo and the toilets in both bathrooms were packed in pretty tight quarters. The room was very clean and the hotel staff kept it that way throughout our stay with thorough and efficient service. We had a drink in the hotel bar and the prices were reasonable and the cocktails well made.Overall we found the hotel to be very convenient and a good value. We highly recommend it for people traveling to Boston to see the sites.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>mchayegan
<Content>PFFF, what a disappointment! In all honesty, don't waste your money on this hotel. Its over rated, over priced and definitely does not stand up to the Starwood name and I'll tell you why. The AC was broken in our room and when we called the front desk to see if it could be fixed, the receptionist was rude to us telling us we had to deal with it until the AC man could come, but he wasn't to be coming for another 5 days! Obviously they couldn't put us in another room. This is the first hotel where I have been to show my ID to get a new room key, they don't even do that in 5 star hotels, who on earth do they think they are? And it took the receptionist 5 minutes to find our reservation.Don't stay here! Seriously, I recommend going for a cheaper and better 2 Star hotel or another 3 Star hotel because this one is not worth your money.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	1	3	2	

<Author>glorydaze716
<Content>Location, Location, Location This hotel takes up one square block--it's huge. It is a block away from Boston Common, making it a centralized location to see everything in Boston. The hotel is near the Arlington Avenue T station and is good for getting around. Everyone should check out Gypsy Bar on Boylston, which is only a block away from the hotel. It was hopping on Saturday, though it seemed like more tourists were there than locals.The room was small; the bed took up the entire room. We would go and have breakfast at Au Bon Pain, located in the hotel or Starbucks in the mall across the street. The concierge was pleasant and helpful in making suggestions about what to do during the July 4th weekend.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EvieDMn
<Content>Nice hotel in a very good location! We booked a last minute trip to Boston to see the 4th of July celebration with the Boston Pops. We really enjoyed this trip and the hotel! It was convenient to so many things - walking distance to the public garden and many other attractions. We walked to the banks of the Charles River within about 15 minutes.The service was EXCELLENT! Everyone we encountered was helpful - from our check-in to check-out. We were upgraded to a room with a King-size bed without even having to ask. Even when there were countless people streaming back into the hotel after the 4th of July fireworks (just before midnight), there were staff members there directing some of us to the staff elevators to help us get back to our rooms quickly.The lobby is very beautiful and welcoming. The lobby bar was a nice and comfy place to relax and have a drink and snack. There are also two very good restaurants in the hotel - McCormick  Schmicks as well as Todd English's Bonfire.The beds were very comfortable. The room was quite small, but it wasn't unbearably so. The bathroom did leave a bit to be desired with no counter space - just a ledge above the sink that was quite narrow. The tub/shower was recently re-done and it was nice.We hope to be able to stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>190671
<Content>Great Hotel I paid a fraction of the standard room price by booking through Priceline.Boston Park Plaza is the only hotel 3* that they have in the Boston Common area, so there was no risk of getting something that I didn't want when bidding through the website.I was a little concerned when reading other Trip Advisor reviews that mentioned budget rooms, that were of a lower standard but thankfully I have no complaints.The hotel has been refurbished and the three rooms that we booked were all of a very good standard.The hotel was better than some 4* hotels that I have stayed in but I assume the lack of bathrobes and sily things like that are the elements that keep it at a 3*.The bed and pillows were the best that I have ever slept on and provided the best nights sleep I have ever managed on a jetlagged first night in the U.S. and for that alone, I would return.There is nearby garage parking on the same block as the hotel and cheaper than using the valet parking and about 6 options in terms of food and drink, including a Starbucks in the hotel.We had dinner in the Bonfire Steakhouse restaurant that adjoins the hotel. Food and atmosphere was good. $ rate meant that it was pretty reasonable for UK visitors.Even better.... it was within crawling distance to our rooms.Staff were friendly and attentive.Overall a great hotel and I would recommend it to anyone and would stay again when returning to Boston  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>jd5066
<Content>Not sure why the bad reviews Our room was very large with two double beds. The room looked like it had been renovated within the last year or so. The beds were comfy. The hotel has a great location.A few negatives (but certainly not worthy of a bad review). The bathroom was small, dated, and in need of a refurbishment. The AC made alot of noise. The hotel lobby could use more chairs. There is a lounge for hotel guests that has some couches. Our problem was that guests must use their room key to access the lounge. So, after we had checked out, we were unable to use the lounge while waiting for our flight.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>ScottTP
<Content>Great Location Just returned from 3 days at the Park Plaza. You couldn't ask for a better location. 5 minute walk from Boston Common and 10 minute walk from the T. Great for sightseeing. Rooms were not large but adequate. Bedding was very comfortable with a nice duvet and lots of pillows. A/C worked great. The bathroom was a little small but that is to be expected in a a 90 year old historic hotel. Housekeeping was well done and concierge was very helpful. Overall a great stay. i would recommend it to anyone and will stay there again on our next visit.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>PlainJane1122
<Content>Private Bath in Every Room       The Tiny Bathroom  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>Harry08
<Content>Confirmed reservation not honoured ruined our last day, May 2008 The hotel was booked for the night of 15 May 2008 being our last night in Boston prior to our return to the UK. On presenting the confirmed reservation voucher provided by our travel agents, we were advised that no booking had been made, but they had recorded a booking for the previous day. No rooms were available as there was a convention in Boston that evening. After much deliberation we were found accommodation at another hotel but about 12 miles outside the City! There were inaccuracies in what we were told about the alledged earlier reservation. We subsequently learned that we had probably been 'bounced' and, i presume, the room let at a higher rate in view of the great demand that evening. The experience ruined our last 24 hours in Boston.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>colfrica
<Content>Great Location... My husband and I got an amazing deal for a 1 night stay, so decided to go for the night. The hotel is in a great location and the lobby is very elegant. We did battle to find the check in desk as it is on the opposite side to the parking.Also, there is valet parking only-for a $30 a night fee!! The room was a bit small and the heating system was quite noisy. However it was very clean and presentable. We loved the location of the hotel. The in-house restaurant is very expensive, however, a few blocks away is Cheers, and of course many other restaurants in the are.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Sunnybird
<Content>Fabulous Location, but that鈥檚 about all to recommend this hotel. First, to distinguish, when I checked in I asked if I could get Starwood points for my stay. The hotel said that only half was a Starwood property - so as you are reading reviews, check if the review distinguishes between the 鈥淭owers鈥?(Starwood side - more expensive, and probably nicer), and the rest of the hotel. To be clear, the review below is for the non-Towers side. I stayed in a Single King Size room, approx. 300 sq. ft. based on the Expedia description. The review for this size room/hotel is as follows: Location: the hotel location is great - it鈥檚 right near the Public Gardens, Copley Square, Newbury Street, easily walkable to the Freedom Trail and Beacon Hill. A CVS is within walking distance up Boylston Street in case you fly and don鈥檛 want to pack toiletries. I took Amtrak. The hotel is within easy walking distance from the Back Bay Station. Additionally, plenty of eateries nearby - chain, non-chain, fast food, etc. Lots of people out and activity in the area, so safe to walk around.Service: adequate. Staff ok, not overly friendly. Received wake-up call at the wrong time. Room: bed - comfortable. Space: fine - not overly large, but served its purpose. The rest of the room: thoroughly lacking - nail polish splatter on night stand, paint chips on the walls (one rather large chip), lampshade peeling, TV remote did not work, bobby pin, and other stuff on the floor.Bathroom: old but fine.Bottom line: I booked this room through Expedia and got a good rate for the room - I had called another hotel (4 Star) and their 鈥減etite鈥?economy room was 155 sq. ft and $10 - $20 more for the days that I stayed in Boston. Other Back Bay hotels were much more expensive. Despite the favorable location, I would think very hard about staying here again - it would probably depend on area hotel rates. Out of curiosity, I did a search on Boston hotel rates in June, and the room I stayed in was showing up almost $100 more. At the $159 rate I paid, I was still disappointed (although, I realize everything else in the area was much more expensive). However, once you hit $200+, given the condition of the room, I think that would be too much, and I would go across the river and stay in Cambridge where hotels seemed less expensive. From Cambridge, you could easily take the T line into Boston, or several of the Trolley Tour companies pass through Cambridge.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	3	1	

<Author>shawbee99
<Content>Not so great. I stayed at this hotel one night in the summer. The rooms are dated and noisy. I think they had one of those bath-fitters bathrooms put in. No view, no charm; just really a in need of renovation. The location is pretty good near many eateries and bars. Spend your time out in the city, not in the room of this place.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>Prncs365
<Content>Old, pretty hotel This is a beautiful, old hotel in the center of Back Bay. I booked for an event and was impressed by the friendly staff at the front desk and view. The rooms were average but beds were comfortable. There are fantastic restaurants and room service available and many staff willing to direct you in case you get lost. The hotel can seem confusing at first since there are so many entrances. The only thing I would say is that the room service trays from other rooms stayed out on the floor for awhile but otherwise that was fine. Shower was great, two headed shower head and a remodeled bathroom. The only thing I noticed about the room was that where we were located (fifth floor) we could hear every car, bus, truck go by so it was kind of noisy. Otherwise, it was a beautiful right down to the piano player.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mellij
<Content>Nice hotel! I stayed at the Boston Park Plaza for 4 nights while in town for a conference, The hotel was beautiful, the room was nice, immaculate, the beds were very comfortable! The bathroom was kind of small and our water heat didn't work properly at first, but any negative was very minor, and in the grand scheme of things didn't make a difference. I would definitely reccomend this hotel to others! The central location was within walking distance of pretty much anything!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>SueRyan
<Content>Park Plaza: on the whole I was satisfied I happened to be visiting Boston, unwittingly over Harvard and MIT graduation weekend. I tried to get a hotel for weeks but there was not a room in the city until I tried Priceline for the umpteenth time and got a room at the Park Plaza for $200. As it happened, it couldn't have been a better choice. The hotel is located right in the middle of the heart of Back Bay, close to all the shops and restaurants. The lobby is stunning, in an old European kind of way, and was full of gorgeous flowers. The bell captain, concierge and front desk could not have been more helpful, I was impressed at their professionalism in the midst of all the chaos of a full hotel. The elevators, lobby and corridors are lovely. My room was very nice, too. My bed was wonderful, with loads of fluffy pillows and a duvet and really crisp sheets. The view was nice from the 14th floor. It seemed as though the room had recently been upgraded because the decor was beautiful. The bathroom was marble with stainless fixtures, plenty of hot water, a little cramped but the fluffy towels and the depth of the bath made up for that. Everything was super spotless. I was extremely happy. My only problem was that there is no wifi. The ethernet cable stretched about 18 and the plug would not stay in my computer. I didn't ask for another one because I was in and out doing stuff and could manage but that could be a problem for a business traveler. One very nice thing happened, I had put a doorhanger on my door to say I did want USA Today. But there was no USA Today. I asked the staff for one, and a nice gentleman arrived within two minutes with a copy for me. I thought that was impressive because these days you don't usually get service like that.I was very happy with the hotel. No complaints from me.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sheri18
<Content>great location....nice hotel Decided last minute to stay in town after getting tickets to the Celtics game..I must say this wasnt our first choice, most hotels were full, but I am so glad that we stayed here.first off, couldnt beat the price..the location was perfect, near Newbury St. ect..After reading some of the reivews I was a little leary, but for $200. a nte last minute we decided to book..Yes this is an older hotel, which we knew going in, I think some people just expect too much.the room on the 15th floor was very nice, yes the bath was small, but so what it was very clean which is the most important thing. nice vview, great bedding..we got to hotel at around 12:30 in the afternoon, front desk was very nice, got right into room....had a drink in bar then took cab to the Garden...less than $10.00...cant beat that..after game (which was incrediable by the way), back to hotel, went to the Conceirge who got us last minute dinner reservations at Mcormicks and Schmidts...very nice..the hotel is very beautiful, staff very nice, and th best location, and great price, not sure what all the complaints are all about.If you realize from the get go that this is an older hotel with great character flaws you will love it..I would definatley go back again...perfect for couples and families....  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>GMill
<Content>Nice hotel in a great location Reading all of the reviews prior to going to Boston, I feared our stay at the Park Plaza. However, once I got there, I was VERY pleased. We arrived late and by the time we went to check in, the type of room we booked was not available. The clerk at the front desk was VERY FRIENDLY and, without us even asking, agreed to upgrade us to a room with a king bed and a great view of the city. The room was very neat and clean. The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was on the small side, but the shower worked well and the towels were clean (unlike some of the other reviews indicated). I think it was well worth the price and glad we stayed there. It is also in a great location---close to a lot of sites in Boston and very close to the T station. The hotel has a classy feel (beautiful lobby) with friendly employees. Other reviews also indicated it is loud, but isn't that what you would expect from a hotel in the middle of the city?!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>melace112
<Content>Very Upscale       View from room  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	5	4	2	

<Author>juliebCalifornia
<Content>Wonderful Old, but beautiful and comfortable hotel. I had a gorgeous view from my room and the service was great. The room was spotless. The McCormick and Schmick seafood restaurant is outstanding and can be accessed from inside the property. I would definately go again.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DCtravelin'girl
<Content>Great Location for Reasonable Price, We stayed here for Thanksgiving as a treat for my mother who grew up in Boston. Bought a air/hotel package from Expedia. We were going to move out to Newton for two nights but extended our stay at this hotel because we liked it. They also extended the same rate to us. We all know Boston very well and we would stay here again for several reasons: REASONABLE PRICE, GREAT LOCATION -- one block from the park, and right next to the best shopping and historic sites. Great not to have to get in a car. Fantastic fun to jog/walk around the park in early am. Had a rental car and it was easy to get on and off expressway to get out of Boston -- easier than staying in Newton or Weston. Yes, it is an older hotel but our rooms were comfortable, nice bed, and we had two small bathrooms in our double room. Hotel prices in Boston can be sky high. So if your company is paying, maybe you stay some place grander. If you are paying, this is a good bet. We had a lot of fun, and found the staff helpful. There might be more issues at a time of year when there were lots of college students or tourist groups running around, but Thanksgiving was full of families but still relatively low key.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Alias605
<Content>Skip this hotel The Park Plaza is a beautiful hotel - we were in town for a conference for five days. Conference rooms were spacious and well groomed. Tech staff was outstanding, bell staff was great. That's the good -  I tried for over a month to add a day to my reservation, finally the day before I traveled I was told I could get a room but it was on the Concierge Level and $400 a night - I had few choices so went forward. The room was tiny, hardly worth double what I paid for the regular room I had the remainder of my stay. In addition, the hotel appeared to have a number of empty rooms as many of my colleagues changed rooms at least once that day. I moved to my regular room on Day 2 - it was huge - much nicer than the $400 room. It had 2 bathrooms which was strange but great! The concierge staff wasn't helpful - regularly gave wrong or incorrect information to me or my friends. We asked the concierge for an Italian Restaurant that was casual, served stuff like brick oven pizza. They provided us a reservation which was nice was for a fancy Italian Restaurant - exactly what we didn't want. The service at the hotel cafe was wretchedly awful - we were ignored by the wait staff for nearly 30 minutes. We finally simply had the salad bar - never got a beverage, simply awful. When we asked one of the waiters a question he grunted and walked away. There was a scary fire alarm in the middle of the night which was worse than a Chinese Fire Alarm Very poorly run by the hotel staff who were heard saying, This happens about once a month or so.For the $200 plus spent each night - spending an additional $11 on the internet makes me crazy! The maids knocked on the door each morning before 9am - I would have put a do not disturb sign out but didn't have one in the room. Temperature controls in the room were nice to have but they didn't work - Skip this hotel - not worth the $$$$$  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	5	2	3	1	1	

<Author>billlb
<Content>rude, and inept Beautiful hotel, and amenities. BUT! Booked 2 months in advance. When we got there with that LONG TIME RESERVATION. They said the 1st night was o.k.(3 days). But the next two were NOT?! They would TRY to help, but could NOT guarantee! Room was $100 than quoted, only when getting a mgr. involved the NEXT a.m., no one at the p.m. could make a decision,was a adjustment made. Left next day. Boston is nice ,and picturesque but a NIGHTMARE to navigate. Stayed at the new(7 mos. old) Renissance and was great. $120 per cheaper. Nicer amenities, incl.37 lcd/h.d. t.v. great new health facility, and outstanding customer service. Would HIGHLY recommend.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveldogs2
<Content>Take earplugs! Our standard room was very clean with a great shower and comfortable bed; however, the hallway noise is terrible! You will hear doors closing all night long and hallway conversations. Walls are paper thin as well. Luckily, we travel with a noise machine for sleeping but can't recommend this hotel to anyone who does not! Additionally, staff was not very friendly and room service reported it would take over an hour for service. No thanks! Overall, I can't recommend this Boston hotel as there are so many others to choose from in same price range.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>JakeyAustin_TX
<Content>A disappointment I stayed at the Park Plaza for a conference. Based on the hotel's website, where it says that presidents and world leaders stay there, I expected it to be luxurious and highly service oriented. Instead, it was a worn old hotel with a low commitment to customer service. Here were some problems with my room.--occasional sewagey smell in bathroom--broken heater (heater would not turn on, then after it was fixed would not turn off)--old TV with remote that did not work--shower with water pressure that increased and decreased at random--shower that got hotter and colder at random--tiny bathroom with bad design - it was hard to wash my face without bumping my head on the shelf that stuck out above the sink--broken hair dryer--scratchy towels--hairs on bed when I arrived--filthy mirror--NO free WI-FI (they have free WI-FI even at the Holiday Inn) and the business center was not free either. It required a $10 payment to go online for 30 minutes.--very long wait times when I called to get some of these problems addressedIn addition, the hotel could have been very charming if it had been properly restored or renovated. But instead there was 80-year-old tile in the bathrooms and it looked just a little dilapidated in general. I stayed a Doubletree in February which was cheaper and WAY nicer. The neighborhood was wonderful though.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	3	1	

<Author>Rach_8
<Content>Good hotel for the money The staff at the hotel were very helpful. We did have to change rooms as the heating would not work. The heating was not great in the second room although it was bearable. The hotel was very noisy with outside noise and noise from joining rooms. The walls were very thin and you could hear the tv and also talking. The hotel was in an excellent location for exploring Boston and was very close to a lot of bars and restaurants. We got a bus from the airport to the subway and then caught he subway to the hotel, it was really easy and very cheap, i would definately recommend this. if we visited Boston again we would stay at this hotel as it was good value for money.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>frieda-f
<Content>Great hotel and great location This is a great hotel and the second time I stayed. They've done significant room renovations since my first stay in the late 1990s. The location is fabulous - walking distance to alot of great restaurants and shopping and easy access to public transportation. Convenient also to the airport (about a 10 - 15 minute cab ride). Only disconcerting thing was that a foreign diplomat was staying in the hotel while I was there and there were police, dogs and secret service agents everywhere! And none of the hotel staff seemed to know what was going on (or weren't allowed to say)!Rooms are small but very comfortable. Wonderful beds and great showers with two shower heads. Fitness center was adequate, but it was much nicer walking in the Public Garden and the Boston Common, which are about a block away.Definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	1	

<Author>GillyFlower
<Content>Enjoyable visit to boston Park Plaza       A view of hotel from across the road!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>RLevy1
<Content>Not bad, not stellar Just got back from the Park Plaza and was pleasantly surprised. I went with two friends and we booked last minute on Priceline, so we could only get a queen sized bed. But, when we got to the hotel we were ecstatic to find out that our room had two double beds and a pull-out couch. PERFECT! The lobby is beautiful and the location is prime. Now the negatives. Our television was very static-y (if that's a word), and the heat on one of the vents was broken. Heat came out of one vent, but cool air came out of the other. Overall, for the price we paid ($65 a night), it truly was an amazing steal. However, hearing what other people have paid, I might look elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>njoy
<Content>Make sure you request a tub! I booked this hotel on hotwire getting a room for $88 a night. I would be furious if I was paying the rack rate. When I stepped into the bathroom, I realized it was missing a tub. There is a tiny stall shower, 4-6 inches from the toilet separated by a curtain. Not what I expect from a three star hotel. Its in a great location, so worth it if you are just here for a few days.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>mary244
<Content>Horrible experience I stayed in this hotel for a scientific conference. It was a horrible experience. Our room cost $220 a night, but had only a single queen size bed. Of the three room lights, only two worked, making it difficult to read/work at night. The light in the closet was broken (perhaps to hide the peeling paint on the ceiling) so it was difficult to find anything in there. The bathroom did not appear to have any sort of ventilation, and taking a shower made the entire room excessively warm and damp. Our door was very sticky and required a ridiculous amount of effort to open and close. Even a maintenance man struggled to open it. Internet access cost $10 and our room's cable was broken, so we were unable to access the internet (and it took several calls/discussions to get the internet charge removed from our bill, I'm still not certain that we were successful). Despite directions, housekeeping took old towels and replaced them with new ones (but not enough, so each day we were required to hunt down housekeeping and get an additional towel). The hot and cold water in the shower was poorly regulated and went from cold to hot at random. Also, when booking the room, we asked to have a cot placed in the room. This required three telephone calls and two visits to the concierge before we finally received a cot (which was oddly short). Though we made an honest effort to be friendly, nearly all of our interactions with staff were negative and they all seemed really offended that we were bothering them. I would definitely not recommend this hotel to anyone. The only good thing that I can say about this hotel is that they have lovely flower arrangements in the lobby.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	1	1	1	

<Author>KevAndTer
<Content>We had a great stay We are confused by some of the lousy reviews about this hotel. Sure, it's an older place and certainly not as fancy as the 4 Seasons, but neither is the price. We had a terrific stay in Boston - a mix of business and pleasure. Fantastic view of the Public Gardens from our room. The beds were sooooo comfortable, I don't think it took me more than a minute to doze off. The size of the room was a surprise, too. Been to NYC lately? Our closet here was bigger than most rooms in the Apple. Boston was a pretty sight in the light snow we experienced, and the staff was very helpful. We ate an amazing dinner at Mama Maria's in the North End, drank some wonderful ales at some pubs around the Haymarketplace and enjoyed a great breakfast each morning at a place in a nearby building called Croissant duJour. We didn't have time, but the hotel is near a lot of theaters too. Maybe next time.My wife Terri and I were really delighted with our stay at the Park Plaza. It was a very fair value and we wanted for nothing. We'll be back.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sansovino
<Content>Unbelievably bad We decided to treat ourselves to a couple of nights in a good hotel to relax after the flight from England - what a mistake! The room was a small single, filled with a double bed over which you had to lift your cases to put them down. There was an empty condom packet on the floor and the lights didn't work. The restaurant staff spent our first breakfast arguing loudly in front of us and one of them tried to involve us in their dispute (we went out for breakfast on the second day!). We complained to reception at the time and left full details on their evaluation form but nobody seemed in the slightest bit interested - we didn't even get an apology, let alone an explanation or assurance our treatment had been unusual. AVOID THIS HOTEL LIKE THE PLAGUE.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>dubtee15
<Content>Old school Boston charm, great location with limited downside Stayed here for a graduation weekend in Boston. Was a little concerned because the room rate was so good, reviews on this site weren't stellar, and my brother (who lives nearby in the Back Bay) had heard nothing about this place. We ended up having a nice stay, the room was not huge or especially modern, but certainly clean/pleasant. All of Boston was basically at out disposal, most of the major sites being within walking distance. The service we had at the hotel bar/front desk/valet service was good. I definitely enjoyed the old world look/feel of the building and lobby. We would definitely go back.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BostonMnV
<Content>Terrible Stay My girlfriend and I stayed at the Park Plaza last weekend to celebrate a special occasion. We had a reservation at Bonfire, the hotel downstairs, and a deluxe room at the hotel.Bonfire was excellent, and the hotel lobby and public areas are all nice enough. It's been pointed out that the place is a bit frayed around the edges, and I'd agree with that. For the most part, though, the place is nice, if dated. The problem is that the walls are paper thin and it seems like they're catering to rowdy, loud clientele. Around midnight the floor we were on, which was the eight floor, apparently turned into the party floor, with kids (late teens, early twenties) running around, yelling down the hallways, loud music, etc. It was like being in a college dormWe called the front desk and after some discussion were moved elsewhere. That seemed to solve the problem until around 3:00 in the morning, when something similar happened in the new room. I went downstairs to talk to the front desk in person, and was told that the noise was probably because the bars had just closed and that everyone was coming home. From what I could tell, a fight between drunken idiots had broken out diown the hall, and this guy was giving the aw shucks, just people heading home after a night of fun routine. He did point out that it could be worse with a you should see the eight floor, which, of course, was where I started. Ultimately, a manager appeared and was at least apologetic about the whole thing. They also refunded the charge for the room, which I do give them credit for. I think the problem is that the weekend rates are pretty low, which attracts guests who wouldn't otherwise stay at a luxury hotel, the walls are too thin, and they don't really have adequate. I appreciated the manager taking care of the bill for the room, and he did seem like a good guy who was trying but just a bit overwhelmed, but all the same, we weren't looking for a free room, we were looking for someplace nice where we could enjoy our special occaion and that was totally ruined. I would definitely not go back nor would I recomment the hotel to others who place any value on peace and quiet.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Elaine36
<Content>The Great Towers Swindle Very disappointing. We booked (and paid in advance for) a room on the Towers Level as part of our honeymoon trip to the States  Carribean. On arrival we were shown to a lower grade room on a different level without any explanation. When we queried this we were told the Towers Level was closed for refurbishment. Surprisingly(?!) there were lots of guests who appeared to be involved in a convention at the hotel using the Towers Level. We got some money back, but it didn't offset not getting the room we expected for our honeymoon.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>1	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BiotechTraveler
<Content>Faded glory Rooms are very worn. Expect about 100 years worth of paint, that in places is chipping, some poorly done repairs, lots of scuff marks on walls etc. The furniture was old, the chair wobbly, the desk had water damage. The door locks malfunctioned repeatedly and always required repeated tries. The TV in the room was old and the picture quality terrible (lots of 'snow''). The bathrooms was small, and cramped, with a severely damaged sink that had no plug. The shower was fine, and the towels excellent. The bed was fine. Internet was expensive.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>ilasik
<Content>grande dame with small rooms Came to hotel for a conference. The conference special rate ended up being $50 more than the regular website price. The public places are beautiful -the lobby, convention area, etc. Service fairly good, quite good location -7-10 min walk to Copley sq. There many parking lots nearby - avoid the $38/nite valet parking.The rooms are on the budget side - bathroom very small, the heat unit makes a fairly loud sound all night long (turning on and off). Beds and linens are comfortable and soft. Good choice of movies on pay-per-view.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>3cents
<Content>Location and charm but... I've stayed at this hotel several times. I just love the old Boston feel. The lobby is fabulous and being in that part of town is great. I stay there when I to go Newbury Street and the Theatre District. It close to many things I enjoy and it's a not a new stark hotel with white walls. It has character and class, period. Unfortunately, they can not seem to get their reservation department together. The first contact with customers in not good.... I've called and spoken with managers about it but it still has not changed. It is a real hassle to get a reservation, not just once or twice either.... Do not join their email list, it's NOT helpful at all for speicals. They offer specials for shopping, spa experience etc, which is great. The really just include valet parketing in the price, which is pretty good seeing it's about $50 to park so be prepared to pay. The concierge level is pretty good. I feel secure there. Also, at night, you must show your room key in order to get on the elevator. When you walk off the elevator onto the concierge level their is almost always a friendly face to greet you. The lougne on that floor is small but nice. The people are not overly friendly but fine. The morning buffet is small but adequate. The nice nuts and bottled water in your room is a treat. The rooms are generally small but quaint. Some would consider the rooms too hot but I like it that way. The lobby lounges are great. You feel comfortable and they're charming and ageless but a bit over priced. The free appetizers are good but they run out fast There is a night club on the property at the ground level and they try to manage it but sometimes it's loud. I've had dinner in there and it's okay but there are so many other great places to eat. They do have a small workout area but I'm genearlly only there a short time and usually, I'm too busy to visit it. I wish the service was better but the location and security is excellent.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>DrewKnightWV
<Content>Ever-so-slightly faded glory -- for a great price We had the pleasure of staying at the Park Plaza this week, when we decided to add a night to a kid-friendly museum trip. I jumped on Hotwire and found a room at the Park Plaza for a very good rate; knowing the location and having seen the public spaces, I thought it was a good bet. We were not disappointed!At eighty years old, the Park Plaza recalls a grander era of travel. The hotel has been well maintained over the years, and, while there are signs of wear-and-tear, they in no way diminished our enjoyment of the comfortable room we had on the 11th floor. The room was nicely decorated, the beds cozy, the bathroom small but well appointed -- and had the power to transport you back to the Deco era, with its lovely mosaic tile. As my kids said, Wow! Fancy!.Wow! Fancy! works equally well for the lobby and other public spaces. Maybe I have spent too much time in anonymous business hotels in the last year, but the warmth of the Park Plaza, even if it's just a bit tatty around the edges, really made me feel good. The Park Plaza is in an excellent location, close to the Theater District, the Boston Common, etc. We were thrilled to fall out the door and walk a minute to the nearby Legal Seafoods for a wonderful family meal that really warmed us on a cold, rainy Boston night. There are several good restaurants right on the property (speculating here -- but I would imagine the Todd English steakhouse, Bonfire is worth a try)... and my kids were once again wowwed by the hotel restaurant's breakfast buffet (really just average for a high-end hotel, but a nice change for two kids I dragged to the hinterlands of New Hampshire).Overall, we really enjoyed our stay at the Park Plaza. The combination of a great value and a flashback to a more elegant time had us immediately planning a return trip...  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lizong88
<Content>A boutique hotel warmth with utmost professionalism. Well, It was my first week in Boston as a 19 year old freshman. I was new in town. My cousin and I booked the room over hotels.com and we were hoping to have a nice stay without having to pay an extreme amount of money. Security was very important since she was going to leave me after the first day. During my stay the staff was incredibly helpful and understanding. Room service was really great. I mean the food,service,punctuality. Other than that the hotel is just beautiful. It is old but very elegant. The doors of the rooms are really heavy though. If you're looking for a modern and luxurious stay this is not the place to go. but if you need a safe,comfortable and economic place to stay in a new town I'd definitely recommend Park Plaza.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>PRGNYC
<Content>Classy Place to Stay After just having a marvelous stay at this hotel, I was surprised to see some of the less flattering reviews of other recent visitors. I showed up at 10:30 in the morning, expecting to check my bags with the concierge, and was immediately given a lovely room on the 14th floor overlooking the bridge in the Public Garden. The staff was particularly accommodating and congenial. The location is unbeatable. I'd definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lozzdog
<Content>a good choice       View from our window  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Andover_MASaxMan
<Content>Boston Park Plaza - Avoid at All Costs What a terrible experience. Booked through Priceline and got a great rate, but hotel placed me on the same floor with a college Model UN convention. Due to the hotel's long hallways and high ceilings, all noise generated by the Model UN-ers drifted right into my room from midnight to 5 am. Needless to say, no sleep that night. Two calls to hotel security (after trying to get the kids to quiet down on my own) failed to solve the problem.After a sleepless night, I had to deliver a seminar to a group of about 25 in the hotel's conference center. At least one other conference participant was also kept awake all night by the college kids. The hotel put my conference in a small, poorly configured room. Worse, the heating/cooling system did not work properly, and the temperature in the room was 81 degrees when we started the seminar. Hotel staff failed to correct the problem, making us resort to opening the windows, allowing street noise and strong winds to interrupt the seminar.Just when things couldn't get any worse, the hotel informed us that they would be conducting a fire drill that morning, meaning that fire alarms further interrupted the seminar.The staff's response to the hallway noise, and the staff's failure to rectify the heating problem in the conference room, made for a miserable experience at this hotel. This is clearly one of those old, grand hotels who's time has passed. With so many better hotel options in Boston, travelers are advised to avoid the Boston Park Plaza at all costs.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	3	1	1	

<Author>westindan
<Content>An OK Hotel We booked a hotel on Priceline and this is what we got. It is a nice hotel for the price we paid (less than $100.00) but nothing great. The lobby is outstanding but the rooms are average. The carpet could be replaced. The front desk clerk we interacted with seemed robotic and indifferent. I will say the food from room service was outstanding, although a bit pricey. I would stay here again at the rate we received from Priceline but would not pay full rate for this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>5manor
<Content>Great Hotel...Great Location Stayed here for three nights after Christmas with my mum. Having read previous reviews and previously stayed in the Sheraton can't say I was expecting greatness!! How wrong I was though, this hotel was fantastic!! Location, Staff, Rooms, Bar etc can't complain about anything!!Will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>bertramFlorida
<Content>I Had A Great Time There I have no clue why some of the reviews of the Boston Park Plaza are less than complimentary. I stayed there Feb. 6-9, 2008, and had a wonderful time. First, you cannot get a better location. Plenty of shopping and scads of terrific restaurants all within one block of the hotel on all four sides. The hotel room was not large, but it was large enough with a wonderful sturdy king bed with all the frills (pillows, quilts, etc.) you could ask for. Pleny of drawer and closet space. A nice 25 TV. The bathroom was small, but the shower--with two shower heads--was as good a shower as I have ever had at any hotel. The staff was very personable. The business center charged $10 for 30 minutes on the internet and I had no problem with that at all. When I go back to Boston, I'm staying there again.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>misocksgal
<Content>Great Stay A friend and I had to attend a conference at the new Westin. We were too cheap to pay to stay there. The Park Plaza was very nice. She scored a great rate on hotwire - less than $60 a night. The room and bathroom were smallish, but beautiful and clean. The lobby and staff were warm and accomodating. Would definitely stay again. The location is very central to downtown Boston. Plenty of things to do and places to eat very close.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>atetrault
<Content>Great place to stay!       Boston Park Plaza Hotel  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>HudsonValleyNewYork
<Content>Elegant, good location, noisy Stayed here for a conference. Beautiful lobby and very friendly staff. The rooms are a bit on the small side and a bit noisy with the subway and street noise. Probably would request a higher room if I stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>MaryChristmas
<Content>Lovely Christmas location       lobby  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dubai2000
<Content>Great stay (apart from the TV internet) Arrived on dec26 for a 5 night stay in boston arrived early fromUK and got checked in early, Grand lobby area make for a impressive entrace, Room wasnt large but then again wasnttiny it was clean and serviced everyday, Hotel is in a greatlocation 5 mins walk from the park/common 5 mins fromthe upmarket shopping of newbury street and 10-15 from theshopping mall at the prudentical centre, With the T subway system within 5 mins cant fault the locationBut as written on here before the TV internet in the room is useless worst than useless i then paid $10 for 30 minutes on line at the buisness centre which worked fineat check out they were more than happy to remove the in roominternet charge and also a couple of failed phonecalls to the UK with a post office phonecard that wouldnt dial through a coupleof times, would stay again  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jamc204
<Content>Good value but don't use the TV Internet I like this hotel a lot. It's beautiful and elegant. While it's definitely old (1927), it's well maintained and clean.My biggest complaint though is that they don't offer computers for customers to get online. You can hookup a laptop in your room, but if you don't have a laptop, they offer an internet service on your TV for $12.95/24 hours. DON'T BUY IT!! The TV internet doesn't work at all. It's not compatible with any websites and is painfully slow (slower than any dialup modem). So, if you're addicted to the internet, make sure you bring a laptop or stay somewhere else such as the Sheraton. The Sheraton offers multiple computers for guest use.If you go, make sure to visit the Bonfire restaurant in the hotel. It is excellent and worth every penny.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	5	3	1	

<Author>Bmillan
<Content>The name is biger that the Hotel When I think about a Hotel named PARK PLAZA I think about Greatness, New York, something amazing. Well, not this time.If you read my other reviews you can see I'm not a very negative person and I always try to leave a positive feedback. I really tried with this hotel, but I could not.The Location is great. The check in is always very nice and the staff at the front Desk is friendly. Let me first say this is not the first time here. For work reasons I come here several time a year. Some of the rooms are Small, but any other Historic hotel in Boston will be the same. Many room are full of stains and they look not clean at all. They need big time renovation. The carpet is just disgusting. Last time , my Internet did not wok and I call to change the room or just for someone to fix it. I waited for more that 40 minutes until I called again. Whoever it was who awnser the phone was so rude. Finally some one came and give me the key to another room. Guess what!! The room was so bad. Smaller that the other one, and Internet did not work again. I was so upset, and I decided to fix it myself. I went under the table and re-connect the cables. Maybe the maids are not very careful when cleaning. Once again there were stains in my carpet and this time also the walls. I stay at many Boston Hotels, including the Hyatt, Omni Parker House, Embassy Suites, Double tree, Holiday Inn, Sheraton, and many others, but I have never experienced anything like that.I understand it is an old Hotel and really needs renovation, but if you add a rude staff to that it just make your stay very uncomfortable.I may try to convince my Company not to send us here anymore.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	4	2	1	

<Author>lozana36
<Content>LOVED IT!!! stay here if you're in Boston       bathroom  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>zapatamama
<Content>Horrible Customer Service and Overcharged 15% Terrible hotel customer service with misleading advertisement on their website that is borderline-fraudulent. Will never stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>digtravel
<Content>Lovely room, comfy bed, thin walls Stayed at the Plaza for one night thanks to an incredible pricethrough Priceline. The lobby was beautifully decorated for the holidays, and check-in was fine. My room was small but adequate, on par with other city hotel rooms I have seen. The bed was very confortable, with lovely white linens and lots of pillows. The room was clean and comfortable, the bathroom was a little tired but clean.The dual showerhead was a nice touch.I will agree with some other reviewers about the thin walls in this old hotel. I was awakened at about 2:30 am when some holiday revelers returned to the room next door for a little more partying. I tried to wait it out, but the volume increased until I finally had to call downto the operator. They sent someone up almost immediately, and the party soon quieted and dispersed, so plus points for the quick service. However, the walls are so thin that I could hear even normal conversation the next morning as I was getting ready to leave. I guessthis is a by-product of an old grand hotel, but one to be aware of if noise is a big issue for you.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DavidZGreenberg
<Content>The Worst - Any Alternative Would Have Been Better (Motel 6, Best Western) Having spent many nights in low-end hotels during business trips to remote locations, I am used to spartan accomodations. However, this place was a dump. Truthfully, the rooms are no where near the quality of even a Best Western or Red Roof Inn -- let alone a Holiday Inn. Yes, the lobby is fancy. Don't let this deceive you. The mattress in my room felt like it had been picked from the garbage. The other furniture was in awful shape as well -- similar to what you would find in a thrift store. The showers were too small for an adult. I am a little surprise that the major travel sites haven't stopped selling rooms for this hotel.Don't get ripped off. If you wind up unwittingly staying here, complain to management, the authorities, and the BBB.AVOID AT ALL COSTS.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Cbmw
<Content>Great location, very nice staff, VERY comfortable bed! I stayed at the Boston Park Plaza for one night last week. The check-in and check-out process was very efficient and the porters and concierge service were terrific. My room was a little on the small side, probably because the king size bed took up a lot of room, and there were some water marks on the mirrors. Other than that is was clean, warm and comfortable. There was a coffee maker in the room. They have a full room service menu. There was a newspaper outside my door in the morning. The bed was especially comfortable. The hotel is about a 4 block walk from Back Bay train station and very near several shops, restaurants, bars, etc. I would certainly stay here again and recommend it to others.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>KittyPG
<Content>Great Experience My sister and I stayed at the Park Plaza Hotel in Boston for 5 nights early December. Location is perfect., you can walk to Newbury Street, Quincy market, 20 minutes from airport etc I was really nervous about the hotel as the reviews I read weren't always great. We got checked in immediately on arrival. We were on the 9th floor and had a large bedroom, large bathroom and plenty of space in the wardrobe for both of our stuff. We had a problem with the heater on arriving and called down stairs. Someone came to our room within 5 minutes of the call and fixed it and we had no further issues. Housekeeping came each day so clean sheets and towels every day. Concierge was really helpful all 3 times we spoke with him and we checked out with no delay. I would defenitely stay there again. Everyone was polite and friendly and my sister thought the door man was a hoot. No complaints our end, only thumbs up!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>radiorock
<Content>Incredible Value Great price as part of an Expedia package. Beautiful lobby, nice desk staff, super comfortable bed, great location. Will be back for sure.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UkGMan
<Content>Pretty darn poor Stayed during a major conference in town, so place was heaving but even so.... Very pricey. Room tiny and run down. wardrobe too small to fit my case in and had to remove ironing board to corridor just to hang my shirts. Shower same height as my chest despite there being 2ft of space above. Breakfast was chaos - they didn't clear tables (customers just stacked the stuff on the floor in the end) but still managed to bring the bill before we started!Nice splintered woodwork around my door where it had obviously been kicked inCheckout farcical. They told me when I checked in that they had a corporate account to settle to....but insisted I paid in full on my card.Location is ok...but would never stay here again. To be fair, other colleagues said when they've stayed when it isn't busy, that it's quite nice.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Noni1126
<Content>Very satisfactory hotel My office booked this for me through Orbitz. The hotel is older, but I thought very well kept. The king-sized bed was incredibly comfortable -- pillow-top mattress, nine pillows of varying size and firmness, a comforter. Small bathroom but nice toiletries. Everything very clean. My only criticism of the room is that it was a bit drafty, but the heat worked well, and there is separate heater in the bathroom. Helpful staff. Nice fitness room. Absolutely unbeatable location! An especially useful touch is a small guest lounge off the lobby, accessible only by room key card and comfortably furnished. I used it to hold discussions with my clients. Although the hotel restaurant is very expensive and not exciting, it is surrounded by lots of great places in all price ranges  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>holidaysrmybag
<Content>Great Hotel Great hotel, fab location. Can't fault it really.We had a Standard room which was more than adequate. I'm sure that some people could find it on the small side, but we didn't have a problem with it at all. The bed was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in (Random, but makes a difference when you're jet-lagged and need sleep!). The walls must have been pretty thick, cos we didn't have any disturbance from neighbours at all and we had 3 xmas parties while we there and we didn't hear a thing. The only down-side was that the windows could not have been double-glazed, as we had noise from outside. Unfortunately, we were the entrance side of the hotel so had the noise of taxi's etc. However, didn't disturb sleep especially (Don't let it put you off).All the staff were really helpful and friendly. Lobby looked great dressed for the festive season. We had a complimentary breakfast, which was great...Loads of choice and good quality, but not sure we would have had it if it was not free (Full breakfast is expensive at $18.50 each).Location is fantastic, within walking distance of pretty much everything. Boston is a great city. Would definately go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>jmfangio
<Content>Showing its age but good service and location I was booked into this hotel for business travel. One thing off the bat is that even though starwood owns the hotel, they do not offer SPG points! That is pretty odd.Great location for the hotel. It is right around the corner from hotels costing 2-3 times as much as this one charges.The first room I had was pretty small, but clean and decently furnished if a little old fashioned and out of date.However, there was a smell of sewage coming from the bathroom, and next to no hot water in the shower.I complained about this, and was upgraded to a tower level room which I thought was the correct way to handle situation.This room was larger, had great hot water and was thankfully devoid of any sewage smells. It also came with access to a lounge that had complimentary breakfast in the morning and drinks and hors d'ouvres at night.I would stay here again for business, but the style of the hotel is not my thing if I were paying. That being said, service was excellent and the location can't be beat for the price.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	3	4	2	

<Author>JRWB1960
<Content>I enjoyed the hotel Given the reviews and my own prior experience, it was with some trepidation that I booked a double room at the BPP Hotel. I have heard the rooms were small and shabby. But the price and location could not be beat so I booked it. Besides, who spends time in the room on a trip to Boston? It's a party town. In the event, my room was spacious, clean and quiet. I recommend getting a double. The lobby was beautiful and the bar/restaurant is a nice place to meet for drinks before getting the night started. The location is really the best quality. It is surrounded by the wonderful restaurants and shopping of Boston's Back Bay and South End. It is also close to the Public Garden and Commons making for a nice walk over to Beacon Hill and the Waterfront. The staff was a little aloof, but proficient at what they did. The housekeeping staff however was very gracious and did a nice efficient job. Overall, a very nice stay.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jotabecu
<Content>Enjoyed the hotel Location, service and cost all excellent. Very good room. It shows its years a little bit but with some make up it stays on top. Will recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>rwchicago
<Content>mainly positive, but primary advantage is its location       The bed was quite comfortable but the linens were threadbare... there were holes in the sheets  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>fayqueen
<Content>Very noisy at night First Night, Heater keeps making noises and i couldn't get rid of it , so i called and then a maintenance guy came up. I tried to explain the situation and i think he said i had to turn it off or something ( i couldn't understand him because he didn't seem to know how to speak English) .........so no heater at night for me....Second day morning, housekeepers knocked my door really loud in the morning at 9:30 am, as well as other guest's door. ( I heard around 10 very LOUD knocks) inside my room and not only knocks, housekeeper's voice was loud as well.Second night, people next door were really loud at 2:30 a.m in the middle of night.Third day morning, we put a do not disturb sign outside so housekeepers didn't knock on our door , but i can still hear every knock on other guests' rooms.Third night , loud neighbors as usual.Room is small but it's okay for me.Sound proofing is horrible, i can hear everything that happened along the hallway. (especially the LOUD horrible morning knocks and voice of housekeeper)  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	4	3	4	1	3	

<Author>MaineHobo
<Content>You must be joking My husband and I were guests in the Park Plaza hotel from 11/22/07--11/25/07. During our stay, we encountered the following unfortunate situations:1) A gentleman on staff who decided that Honey was an appropriate way to address me. I am a 44 year old professional woman more accustomed to being addressed as 鈥淒octor鈥? but Ma鈥檃m, Miss or even Lady would be preferable to 鈥淗oney鈥?2) On our last night at the hotel, we had the unpleasant experience of encountering an extremely strong and pervasive odor of marijuana when we returned to our floor for the evening.3) Adding to the overall experience of our last night in the hotel, I was awoken at 3:30 in the morning by a security guard slipping a piece of paper, with our checkout charges, under my door. Consequently, it took me quite a while to go back to sleep and I was exhausted in the morning for our trip home.4) When I brought the issue of being rudely awoken to the attention of the front desk manager, I was told, Oh, that was security how funny. 5) When we checked out, I brought this issue up again and asked if it would be possible to avoid having the charges slipped under my door, if we came back. The young woman who waited on us responded with a very hesitant I guess and then proceeded to argue the point of whether I had in reality been woken up in the first place. To say that her attitude was argumentative is to fall short of giving her 鈥渟hpiel鈥?justice. It is a rare experience in my life to have another person accuse me of lying, and, while the young woman's statements fell short of that particular accusation, it wasn't by much.6) Despite being addressed in unfortunately familiar terms, surrounded by illicit drugs, woken up in the middle of the night, and accused of lying by the staff, we decided, as a matter of convenience, to make our reservations at checkout for our next trip in December. At this point, the same young woman in question informed us that there were no available rooms. In fact, according to her, the hotel was overbooked. However, when I returned home, I checked the validity of this statement. There are apparently a large variety of rooms available. Needless to say, we will by staying at the Hyatt down the street.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>newengland001
<Content>Will Not Return to Park Plaza We were extremely unhappy with our stay at the Park Plaza. The level of service was embarassing; I waited for 30 minutes on hold for the concierge twice during our one-night stay, once in the evening and again in the morning, it took over 20 minutes to check in, and the hotel bar staff was disgruntled and far from accomodating. I will never return to the Park Plaza and encourage everyone else to explore the many other hotels in Boston that far exceed the Park Plaza in quality and level of service.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oakiesis
<Content>Great!!! Would return in a heartbeat. We reserved two rooms through Hotwire for two nights, Oct. 19th - 21st, 2007. The rooms were fine, a little small but they were very clean and suited our needs perfectly, we were only in the room to shower and sleep, the rest of our time was spent exploring Boston which you can do from this hotel entirely on foot! My experience with the staff was wonderful, from the moment we arrived (which was early 10am), the very friendly and curteous lady at reception really took care of us, she got our rooms for us early so that we could start exploring Boston, concierge was also very nice and helpful, gave us a map and directions on how to use the T to go to Salem and the great doorman hooked us up with reasonable limo driver for our ride back to the airport. I would absolutely recommend this hotel and would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rye22
<Content>Colonial Class Cannot say enough about the people and the overall atmosphere of this hotel and its staff.We attended for a wedding, although the only time we were in the hotel was for sleep and the reception.The rooms were very nice, although I have to say the washroom we stayed in could be bigger. We had to do some serious sidestepping to get around the door when you were trying to access the sink or toilet.I think we just had a regular room (1 king bed), but the room was well kept and overall a good experience.This was my 2nd time in Boston, and was lucky enough to have a great tour as my girlfriend and all of her friends attended BU for Dental School. I HIGHLY recommend you see Fanieul Hall, take a Duck Boat Tour (book in advance), go to Fenway and see the Sox play, and take a nice walk down Mass Ave, Copley, and Newbury to see some of the awesome shopping.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>wilson44
<Content>wilson Noisy hotel although on the 5th floor, clean their windows at 2am,not good when you have a flight to catch but the consiege seems to think this is perfectly reasonable. would not recommend this hotel  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NickScull
<Content>Elevator Safety Issues!! All three of the south bank of elevators malfunctioned the entire four days we were there! One group of guests was stuck in elevator #3 for over an hour and a half. My wife and I got stuck between floors twice in elevators #1 and 2 two days in a row when the electronics suddenly just went dead. After fiddling with the buttons it started up again each time after about five minutes. I believe these sorts of maintenance/safety issues are unforgivable in a hotel this expensive and we will not be staying there again!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EarlieGirlie
<Content>Overpriced shoebox I would not stay at this hotel again if it was free. I paid an exorbitant amount for two nights for a room that was not even big enough to accommodate a standard (double) bed. In fact, it was so small that the bedside table would not fit next to the bed and was at the foot of the bed. The TV remote control did not work, but that was not such a problem as the TV had no reception anyway. Lighting in the room was so poor that it was impossible to see the clothes in my suitcase. Which reminds me, there was not even a rack to hold suitcases, let alone a closet to hang anything in.The hotel staff were rude and arrogant, if you could get to talk to them. I waited more than 20 minutes on hold to speak to the Concierge before I gave up. Waiting at the counter did not provide any better service.For the price, I would expect a free shuttle service to the airport, as is common at other hotels. The best the hotel could offer was the phone number of a local service (not even booking the service).The only experience at the hotel that was good was dinner at Bonfire restaurant. The staff were friendly and very accommodating, and the food was terrific.Do yourself a favor and stay at another hotel, but if you like a good steak, check out Bonfire.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>snowshoe_bunnie
<Content>Less than what I expected I stayed at the Park Plaza near Christmastime last year, and was attracted by the special rates offered by Expedia.com as well as the old charm of the hotel. The lobby was beautifully done up, but the rooms were not of a very good standard. The bathroom was very old and gave me the creeps. I am a lot more forgiving towards this hotel because I know it is very old- but the ancient heater in the room I was assigned to was faulty and funny sounds were coming from it. Despite the maintenance coming up very promptly to fix it, the sounds were keeping me up on my first night there, so the next day the reception kindly upgraded me to a better room, but I realized apart from the upgrade to a king bed and bigger room, everything else was the same.On the whole, for the price I paid, I thought it was okay, not fantastic in any sense. The location of the hotel is great, and the experience of staying in an old hotel with the old fixtures still in there was definite something to remember.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>mhf_wanderer
<Content>Classic though slightly shabby; great location Situated just off Copley Square, the Boston Park Plaza is a busy, conventionally elegant, older hotel very near Newbury Street and the Public Garden. With a dramatic though slightly shabby lobby and an aging piano bar, the hotel seems almost a relic from a bygone era 鈥?as are many of its elderly patrons. Having reserved through Travelocity, my room was adequate, non-smoking and quiet, in spite of a charmless view of a dismal gravel-topped roof spattered with pigeon droppings. The small room was equipped with a plush queen bed, soft linens (nicely turned down each night), and conservative English soaps adorned the early twentieth-century fixtures in the bathroom. No WiFi was available but the ample, ersatz-Federal writing desk featured Ethernet-LAN service for a fee. The overpriced lounge served an indulgent, though a bit greasy, breakfast buffet, and the hotel鈥檚 service was expedient, refined and courteous. This hotel is walking distance from the Arlington stop on the Green Line. Overall, for the $260 room rate, three stars.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>NewEnglandSteve
<Content>Not very good at all We recently stayed at the Boston Park Plaza after an event in the area. We had been looking forward to our stay because of the hotel's prestigious reputation. I can't think of any reason why they would receive such praise. We found the hotel to be terribly outdated. This hotel is about 25 years late for a remodel. The walls were desperately in need of painting. The AC barely worked as well. Now for the biggest reason I'll never return: We paid an awful lot of money for some pretty terrible service. It was really hard to find anyone at the hotel that seemed to care about providing help with anything. It seemed like nobody wanted to be there. Certainly nobody working there was in a rush to do anything. If you wanted to check in you had to wait in line for 20-30 minutes. You want help with your bags on checkout? Wait another 30 minutes then go down to the lobby and get someone with a cart yourself. I should have know the service would be bad when every time I had to call the hotel, I would be on hold constantly or put right into voicemail. There are many better high end option in Boston than the Park Plaza.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	4	2	2	1	2	

<Author>candidreview_14
<Content>There are better places to stay ... I stayed here for a work conference and was disappointed by the rooms and the service. The lobby is beautiful and the location blocks from the Public Garden can't be beat, but this property is really in need of some upgrades. Starting with the front desk area - the layout is confusing and I stood in line while several new people approached desk clerks from the side. One of the duties of a desk clerk is to pay attention to the people who are waiting and to not allow people to interrupt or cut in line. When I got to my room, my keys did not work. So I had to go back downstairs with all of my luggage, wait in line again, and then trudge back up to my floor. The room itself was small - not unexpected in an older city hotel. That said, the furnishings are outdated, I had to call service at least twice to fix issues, and the air conditioning was loud enough to keep me awake at night. If you are attending an event, you will enjoy the ornate ballrooms. But I would suggest staying somewhere else when you visit Boston.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cinncitraveler
<Content>Awful This place needs to be shut down and either renovated or torn down. Everything seems run down and outdated. The walls and windows are paper thin. Every noise from the street (non-stop in a city the size of Boston) seems like it's right in your room. I found the bed uncomfortable. On the plus side, there are very good restaurants in the neighborhood. This hotel is living on its historical past as an excuse to continue to charge high rates for quality that's unacceptable. Do yourself a favor. If you are intrigued by the property, stop by the lobby, take your picture, move on to a more updated hotel.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DuggyLancs
<Content>We loved it! Initially devastated when I read someone's review including the word 'mouse' before we left the UK! This was our first trip to the East Coast and Boston was our first stop (2 nights) on a 2 week road trip around New England. No problems with valet parking- a bit pricey but this is a city and the hotels location is excellent-you can do Boston on foot from here reaching all of the major tourist sights. We upgraded to a tower room which was perfectly large enough for the 4 of us. We could access a private lounge for complimentary breakfast and evening bites and all non alchoholic drinks,water and fruit was always available.Perfect for early morning starts and chilling out in the evening with the kids. bathroom was small but perfectly formed. Private concierge was incredibly helpful and arranged a duck tour for us at the last minute. All in all a wonderful start to a perfect trip. I can't comment on the other rooms but it's well worth staying in a tower room. We will be staying here again on our next visit.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>brookl
<Content>Hit and Miss I've stayed at this hotel 4 or 5 times, mainly because this hotel seems to be the only 3-star hotel in downtown Boston that's always available at a discount price on Hotwire/Priceline. I've had a couple of forgettable stays here, as well as a couple of satisfied experiences. They have many room configurations here, but the lowest-end rooms are really low-end. And the problem is, there are many of those and you could get stuck in one if you're unlucky.The lowest-end room that I'm talking about is really tiny. I'm talking probably less than 200sq feet, with a tiny bathroom. And both times I got stuck with those, my rooms were facing a small coutryard (if you can call it that) fully enclosed with other wings of the hotel. So you're pretty much looking right into other hotel room windows directly across. It's not a pretty sight, and privacy is an issue unless you keep the curtain closed. The other times, I actually stayed in a decent-sized room facing out to the street. These rooms were still small, but they were more like 250sq feet or so. I would say these rooms were a legitimate 3-star experience.Regardless of which room type you get, my experience has been that the rooms are pretty clean with nice bed linens and such. I still think this place needs to do some major renovations to modernize some aspects of the guest rooms. But the showers always worked well and the carpet was always clean, as I can best remember. I do remember that the walls were not the thickest... sometimes you could really hear the noise from next door.The best thing about this hotel is its location. It's one block from Boston Commons and the happening Boylston St, 2 blocks from Newbury St which is Boston's chic vibrant shopping street. Chinatown and the Theater District are also nearby. The hotel is 1/2 block away from the nearest subway stop (Arlingston St). In spite of all the negatives about this hotel, more often than not this is the ONLY decent hotel in this area that's affordable. For those of you who say the location is the most important thing, it's hard to beat this hotel.As far as eating inside the hotel, I've only eaten at McCormick  Schmick's. I used to love this restaurant and I've gone there about 10 times (both as a hotel guest and otherwise). For some reason, I feel like the quality there has plummeted the last couple of years. On the other hand, there are many decent restaurants nearby that I like better. Like FireIce, PF Chang, Rustic Kitchen, Legal Seafood (mind you, some people still prefer McCormick  Schmick's to Legal).In summary, this is a hotel I'd probably rather not stay at. But you can't beat the location. And often times, you don't have any other options, price-wise. So I'm sure we'll return to them again in the future.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>VentureCap
<Content>Dump, Hard to Believe They Would Allow Travelers to Stay in Such Conditions Don't let the lavish lobby deceive you. The rooms are among the worst I have ever stayed. Broken furniture, uncomfortable beds, rock hard pillows, stained carpets, and inconceivably small bathrooms/showers. I can't imagine why the management is not more ashamed of themselves.Do not stay at this hotel. It should be gutted and renovated. Management is taking advantage of travelers who have little choice due to the shortage of hotel rooms in Boston.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	5	1	1	2	3	

<Author>ChicagoTraveler65
<Content>I won't go back I stayed at this hotel on October 1 and 2, 2007. I travel to Boston with some frequency and usually stay at the Lenox or the Westin (near the convention center), but both were booked, so I was relieved to call the Park Plaza on the afternoon of my arrival and find they had rooms--albeit at $429 a night. I was surprised to be very disappointed with this hotel. The service was terrible and sometimes surly, and the room they gave me for my second night (long story!) was filthy--the worst I've ever stayed in...and I travel with some frequency. Other notes:-I waited in line 45 minutes to check in...at 8:30 on a Monday night. The room type I'd reserved just six hours earlier was not available.-They were supposed to move me to my requested room type while I was out the next day. Returned after 10 pm to find that that didn't happen. They promised to send up a bellhop with a key to my new room. Forty five minutes later I called to check on the bellhop...and my inquiry was met with flat-out hostility. -The AC didn't work right either room I had; despite setting the thermostat at 67, it was warm enough to be sweaty. This is just the big stuff. There were other, smaller service issues, as well. I would have found these issues distressing at any hotel, but at a property of this assumed caliber...and at this price, I found the problems particularly troubling.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>IndieGuy
<Content>Mostly Good I arrived very tired after taking the shuttle and subway from Logan airport. Since it was hot, my asthma was kicking in. The young lady at reception was fantastic and even upgraded my room a notch to a king sized bed.The public areas (lobby, mezzanine, etc. are fabulous. They don't build them like this anymore and these areas are very well maintained.The hallways to the rooms (9th floor) looked like they could use carpet cleaning.The room's bath was spotless and nicely-appointed; however, I dropped something on the floor next to the bed and when I looked underneath, things looked really poorly--in obvious need of a good vacuuming.The first night was heaven. Very nice and quiet. The next six, I was stuck with persons on one or both sides who were very loud. At one point, the hotel sent someone up and things got quiet for about 10 minutes, then resumed.When I was ready to leave, I phoned for a bellman. I waited about 20 minutes beyond the 10 I was told and finally just left the room on my own.Not a big thing, but I was billed $2.00 for a local call. I never used the phone except to call for hotel staff twice. I left a message to that effect, but the charge was not removed from my bill and I needed to leave because of the tardy bellman.Very nice restaurants in the building and in the few blocks around it as well!I would consider staying there again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	5	2	-1	

<Author>Pittman123
<Content>Stay Away!!!!! I stayed at Boston Park Plaza Hotel for a week, in an upgrade Tower Room. For over $300 a day, I couldn鈥檛 even get hot water for shower in the morning. I also experienced billing error and loss of item at my room. The staff was trying to help, but the hotel is so overwhelmed with problems that they either couldn鈥檛 do anything or did not care. I checked out with an erroneous invoice, and the security manager (service manage was not in on duty) promised that a fax copy of the revised invoice will be faxed to me. As of today (more than one week later), I am still waiting for the correct invoice. I emailed the security manager; she did not reply. I called the security manager and the hotel, and nobody picked up the phone at the front desk, or at the accounting. Apparently, nobody cares in the hotel once you leave. The lesson I learned from spending more than $2k? Stay away from Boston Park Plaza Hotel!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	3	1	1	2	

<Author>kevnord
<Content>Great Location! Great Service! Small room. This hotel is in a GREAT location! It's just a block from Boston Commons. The hotel and its staff are wonderful. I believe there are 5 restraunts attached to the hotel, so if you love food, you have a lot of choices.My room was nice although extremely small. I booked an economy room. The bed was probably the best hotel bed I've slept in to date. The bathroom was a little beat up and could use some fixing up. It felt old (which I suppose it is).I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>millim1900
<Content>Park Plaza: Great Experience! In short, our stay in Boston was Above Average thanks to a wonderful dedication to customer service from the staff at the Park Plaza Boston Hotel and Towers.We went to see a Red Sox - Yankees game at Fenway, a longtime dream of ours, and planned on touring the city as well. We needed a hotel that could provide us not just with a bed and sheets but a great knowledge of the city.Positives:- The concierge desk was fantastic, they took time to explain hidden gems, great places to eat, lent us an umbrella, and in general cared about getting it right and not getting us out. They helped us find some great antique shops, they staffed this desk with smart locals and boy did it show, excellent concierge services.- Check in was excellent, quick and easy, no megaphone blasting of our room number to everyone in line.- Room had a nice view and was clean with a polite cleaning staff.- Bar staff were professional, nice and actually smiled.Negatives:- Skycap/Bellhop: were not very helpful. Clearly an area they could improve upon, the man who wanted to help us with our bags was clearly in no physical capacity to do so: I felt bad, did it myself.Park Plaza made this trip great for us. A fine attention to details, staff motivated to make our stay enjoyable and a dedication to excellent customer service; this reviewer highly encourages other travelers to consider staying at the Park Plaza Boston Hotel and Towers.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>nessakirby
<Content>Great City Centre Hotel Having just had a 3 night stay at the Park Plaza, I can't understand why it gets such bad reviews.It is a typical city centre hotel and everyone should bear in mind that it is 80 years old and so doesn't have the modern look of some of the newer hotels in Boston.The staff were always happy to help, the room we had was large, very clean and comfortable and the hotel is in a great location for seeing all Boston has to offer.I would most definitely book here again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>laracee
<Content>No need to worry I booked my stay at the Park Plaza on expedia and got an excellent deal, but was still worried after reading all of the negative reviews. We had no reason to worry. Even with the discounted price we still got a larger room and it was all redone beautifully. The bed was very comfy and the bathroom was quite large with a roomy shower. We didn't have a view, but as we didn't spend much time in the room it didn't matter. The concierge was extremely helpful, however the bell men made no effort to be pleasant. Not a huge deal. Honestly, this hotel has the best location possible. I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chloe8
<Content>Great Location, beautiful public areas, rooms a little tired I had stayed at the Boston Park Plaza before, so I knew what I was getting. We arrived at the hotel and had a pretty quick check-in, only to arrive at our room to find someone waiting outisde it saying that it was their room, but they couldn't get in. I had worked in a hotel before, so I knew that this could easily happen and we went down to the front desk to explain the situation. The front desk clerk was very apologetic and immediately gave us coupons for the breakfast buffet the next day which was very nice! The standard rooms are small and the bathrooms have little counter space but as this is a 1920s hotel this is to be expected. No frig either. Room was very clean, though and bed was very comfortable. Our friends had a superior room which was just bigger, not really worth the extra money. The public areas are very nice. People complained about the elevators being slow, but again this is a large 1920s hotel, so it is to be expected. The location is great and I love the charm of old hotels! If you are like me, you'll like the Boston Park Plaza.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>AnnieMate
<Content>Lavish reception area deceiving We were a little deceived by the lavish luxury and splendour of the reception hall of this hotel.We stayed for 3 nights in what was described as a king-sized bedroom on the 9th floor . We could hardly move in the room it was so small. I would describe it as functional rather than comfortable and certainly no hint of luxury. The only place to hang our clothes was a hook on the bathroom door - we couldn't believe it but there was no wardrobe! Just a few drawers. The bathroom was ok, clean, but nothing special.We were out sightseeing most of the time so we weren't too worried about the room. However it could be quite depressing if the weather was bad and you spent more time there. The window was quite close to the building opposite, so the room was dark , even on a sunny day, and the lighting was inadequate.I would recommend this hotel purely for its central location. There were several restaurants very close by and the Common and start of the Freedom Trail were only a few minutes walk away.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>BritLosAngeles
<Content>Small and comfortable, but incredibly noisy I just stayed on the 5th floor. The room was small, which I have encountered before in another Boston hotel and which didn't really bother me, since I was out most of the time.What really did bother me for the 2 nights I stayed there was the noise level, which was incredibly intrusive. Outside the window, in the interior of the building, was an exhaust fan that blew 24 hours a day. At night, it even went through periods when it would accelerate to the volume of a subway train. I awakened at least 4 times a night. I left a voicemail in the system regarding this noise but did not get a call back or a requested room change, which is really unacceptable. The phone system for this hotel is very substandard. I left a message in the concierge desk system before I arrived at the hotel and never received a call back from that, either. The wait time to get through to an actual person on that desk was close to 10 minutes.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>poshcatlady
<Content>lovely hotel stayed at the boston park plaza hotel and towers for 6 nights .room was lovely, clean, attractively decorated, and on the 14th floor, so we had a great view.everyone very helpful.near to boston common and other historic sights.would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lthomso4
<Content>Excellent Hotel  We booked the Park Plazza last minute through expedia and after looking at reviews on the hotel were a little nervous. We booked a King Sized Deluxe room and it was fantastic - we had a great view, the room was modern, clean, very spacious with a living area including a sofa. For the extra space I'd recommend the King Deluxe. The staff were very friendly and more than willing to point you in the right direction should you need any assistance. The location of this hotel is fantastic and the hotel is charming with lots of intricate details in the reception area - definately worth staying here if you come to Boston.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>heidionebraid
<Content>Lots of character / short on accommodattions I recently stayed there as part of the AARP National Event. Because it resembled the Park Plaza in NYC (which I have stayed at and found it to be exceptional), I booked my stay there. It really did not measure up to today's standards, however.I had booked a king room thru AARP with a convention rate of $180@night, at least 6 months prior, so I expected the room that I had booked. When I checked in, I was given the key with no other details. The hallway on the fifth floor had an odor to it and the doors looked old. When I went into my room, it was quite small with a double bed, not a king, and had no closet or even a bureau. As I was on my way out to meet a group of people for dinner, I stopped at the front desk quickly to inquire about this situation. I said that I booked this room quite a ways in advance and could not live out of a suticase for 4 days and that I wanted a better room than the one I was given. I was told to stop by the next morning as they were fully booked that night. Due to convention schedules, I was able to stop by the front desk in the early afternoon, at which time I was given a room on the 12th floor at a rate of $20 cheaper per night. This was a little bigger and better, at least it had a closet and a bureau. But the bathroom looked as if it was simply thrown together in a mishmash-old fixtures and shower that you could not even turn around in. But hey, I settled for a place to put my clothes.The breakfast buffet, in my opinion, was very pricey. It cost $19.95 for a hot dish-eggs, potatoes, meat. I did that once and ended up going to Au Bon Pain down the street on the other days.So if you want an old hotel full of character and quirks, this one's for you. If you want a more modern accomdation, go across the street to the Radisson.I know this hotel has character and quirks due to its age, but you should get the accomodations that your booked instead of what they choose to give you.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tzyf
<Content>Charming old hotel with some drawbacks Stayed here last week for the AARP convention in Boston. Not sure if it's typical but our room was TINY. But it basically had everything we needed. Bed was comfortable except the hard pillows. Everything was clean. Room service was mixed. Great one late night but lumpy oatmeal and missing selections in the morning. Bathroom also very clean and a nice deep bathtub but also very small. Housekeeping was hit and miss so we finally started leaving a tip and a note every day to get the towels and washcloths we needed.Great location, one block off Boston Common and walking distance (for us) to North End and the complete Freedom Trail.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>djdooms
<Content>Just OK We stayed in a standard room at the Park Plaza. It was small, but I expected that. Our room was clean and the bed was comfortable. Our only issue was that our room was very hot. We turned the air conditioning down all the way and it was still miserable. We went out for the evening on the day we arrived, and asked for it to be checked. Nothing happened that night, so after spending a sleepless night, we asked for them to fix it again or change our room. We went out for the day and when we returned it was nice  cool. That only lasted for 24 hours. The next day it was hot again, but we were able to open the window and let cool air in so we were comfortable. I won't stay there again just because of dealing with the temperature in the room.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TarHeel25_7
<Content>Everything we hoped for We were very pleased with our stay at Boston Park Plaza Hotel.It was coonvenient to historic district--within easy walking distance.Good restaurants nearby.The hotel was old but had lots of character and was very comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful.We would definitely stay there again and recommend it to others.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>funnykitty
<Content>loved the park plaza My daughter, her friend and Istayed at the Park Plaza Hotel for 2 nights recently. I had no time to research hotels and booked this hotel from Hotels.com at the very last minute.I really liked this hotel. It was in a great part of town-very close to the Commons , Copley Square and Newbury Street shops and restaurants. I thought it was beautiful and enjoyed the ornate lobby, piano player and found old fashioned bathrooms charming. I thought it was elegant . Our room was spacious with 2 double beds. Very clean (except for a crumpled wrapper under the bed) and the concierges were very helpful to us. We were able to walk to the South Station for our bus trip to and from NY. Very convenient!I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again and would return to this hotel in a minute..  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>25thWestSussex_UK
<Content>7 Good Nights Having just returned from a week at the Boston Park Plaza the only let down was the room to room noise. As far as my wife and I were concerned the sound proofing could be better.The bathroom was small by US standers but did it's job, good shower and clean. Good bed and clean room. Lots to do and see, we walked most places, Coply shops, the harbour ,Park ,and part of the Freedom Trail.If you do not have time for a sit down breakfast there is coffee and patries etc to go by the bar area.Bonfire the onsite restaurant is very good, great steak (but closed Sunday's)Would I recommend it to a friend, Yes, but would have to mention the room to room noise.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nhunsinger
<Content>Pass the Executive Suite, not worth the money.... Having planned on seeing Boston for my 50th Birthday I chose the Park Plaza, staying in The Towers section for the extra service. There was no extra service; the daily breakfast was either out (no food) upon arrival to the concierge room, or they were cleaning early, stating the time for breakfast during the week ended earlier than the weekend. That was not found anywhere in the literature when booking. With the time difference it meant you had to eat VERY early or not at all. Having paid extra to be pampered this was definitely not the hotel to stay for pampering. The concierge was to have put an itinerary together for me, and I never heard from him again. Needless to say the concierge was not typically present, and when they were at the desk they ignored you unless you engaged in conversation; see previous sentence regarding end result on request. The pictures of the rooms you see online are not what you get. The rooms are old, and very small. A queen size bed, desk and dresser took up the whole room wih just a small walk-way around them. While this hotel is convenient to the park, there are other hotels more convenient to activities in Boston, and probably more prone to customer satisfaction.Dissatisfied and defninitely do not recommend. In addition, my brother-in-law's mom died and we requested to leave early through Hotel.com, but I was told Park Plaza would not allow a refund for the one day early departure. Never mind Hotel.com advertises changes are accomodated. Very misleading as far as I'm concerened.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	2	

