<Author>Traci422
<Content>Decent Hotel, No Wow Nothing special. Nothing amazing. Nothing wrong. The staff was friendly, but did not go out of their way to help us, or answer questions. A few times I waited for help at the front desk longer than I think I should have, but not an extremely long time. Our room was a single king and smaller than we expected. This was fine for my husband and I who wanted to spend most of our time at the beach. It truly was a place to sleep and shower and that鈥檚 it. The new carpet is nice, however it highlights the need for the entire property to be repainted. I understand they will be renovating the hotel shortly so this should be fixed. The location is great for beach access or to the Zoo, Aquarium, or Diamond Head. However, being the most Southern hotel on Waikiki, if you take a shuttle or book a tour you will be the first one picked up and the last one dropped off. The bus has stops right outside the lobby which is convenient until you realize how long the bus takes to get from point A to point B.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>3	4	2	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>marsbar_540
<Content>Great Location and Great Value We booked in to the hotel on the 15th of December for 14 nights. Lawrence took care of our check in and made sure we was ok. Every time he saw us walk through reception he would check how our tan was coming along and ask if there was anything he or other members of staff could help with. Every member of staff gave us great service and I felt this was genuine customer service. Not just lip service. Fantastic.The rooms are Basic, but clean. Why do you need a 50 plasma? your in Hawaii go out and see the place. The maid service was very good as well. We could not fault the service we had.The location of this hotel is at the end of the strip. It is a little more peaceful than central Waikiki. However you have everything in easy walking distance and great views. Across the road you have the zoo, well worth a visit. great sections of beach. Some of the more expensive hotels don't have the good sections of beach or the section to swim as this hotel does on their door step. The pool was always clean and offered a more private dip than the sea. Lulu's surf club serve great food with great views. Check the names on the menu and look at the posters of some of the worlds best surfers then when you check in for a lesson down stairs you will know your with the best. You have an ABC store for almost everything else. There is a Starbucks as well. If you can surf or fancy ago at surfing you have the Hans Hedemann Surf School on your door step as well. This surf school is the best in Waikiki if not the world. If you book a lesson with these guys you will be stand up surfing and having fun they care about teaching you to surf. If you can surf already hire a board have a chat with the staff and they will direct you to the best sports of the day.All in all I'm wondering if I should be writing this review as i love it here and don't want it to get to popular and not be able to get my room in future.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>AloharunnerSanDiego
<Content>Great location  Stayed at the Park Shore for eight days during the Honolulu Marathon. Perfect location for us runners - across the street from the finish line at Kapiolani Park! The staff was helpful and the price was right. Will stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Drvynce
<Content>Wonderful Getaway In Paradise We spent 10 days celebrating our wedding anniversaryat the Park Shore Waikiki. Our accomdations were a nice poolside room with a stunning view of Diamond Head.The staff was nice and extremely helpful for all our needs.With a restaurant accessible from the 2nd floor, a convenience store and Starbucks attached directly to the Hotel, we hadeverything we needed within footsteps. Waikiki beach is directlyacross the street with a lagoon sheltered by a seawall whichmakes for excellent swimming with its calm waters.Our stay was so enjoyable that we intend to make this an annual event and to stay at the Park Shore for years to come.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>zingaro_1
<Content>The best service ever       View from our room  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>daybreak77
<Content>Great, for just the right price! We enjoyed our 2 day stay. The room was clean, although average in decor. (kind of old) but clean. Glad for the coffee pot in room. The hotel hospitality was excellent. We had our toddler with us so we would have liked a complimentary crib or pac n play but it was quite a bit more to have that.All in all we enjoyed our stay for the right price.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>isha_8
<Content>I Loved It Hi  All I Have to say... i loved every min i stayed in aqua park shore hotel.. urmm where should i start .. i love the view room the room.. nice and clean.. kid and family friendly.. and everyone who works in that hotel ... are wonderfull.. very heplfull and loving... it's just across the beach.. room rates are very good.. cant bet that.. the management is doing the wonderful job..  I went to wakiki very first time, and i wasn't sure if i booked and rite hotel to stay cause i dnt know anyone there... and i didn't wanna to rent car .. but once i got there..i love the area just close to everything. mostly cause the starbucks is rite next to the hotel. I booked the hotel for 5 days but i end up staying there for 4 extar days.. just cause i really fall in love with everything there..  and i m already making plans to go back.. and i would love to stay in same hotel..  So Guys I would Say One Thing.. Make Sure Or Give A Try And Stay There And Then You Will Believe every Single Word I M saying Is True:) So I would Like To Say Thank you To All The Team Memmbers For Aqua Park shore Hotel.. Keep It Up Guys:)  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>EK_3110
<Content>loved park shore!!! The Park Shore is a great hotel for anyone who is not rich but still wants ocean fron views and great location. My husband and I stayed in an ocean front room and it was great! We requested a high floor and king bed and got the highest floor, right on the edge looking over the zoo, as well as the kind bed. The people are really nice and the food at Lulu's was awesome! It was in a great location Starbucks and ABC store underneath, and great burger place around the corner. It was at the quiet end of the beach as waikiki beach really comes to life at night but it wasnt as bad at Park Shore. I would recomend this to anyone, the rooms were suprisingley nice (i was scared after reading some reviews) and the views were to die for! Loved the Park Shore!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aloha58
<Content>Great Stay at the Park Shore Waikiki Our family spent a weekend at the Park Shore Waikiki to attend the Saltimbanco Cirque de Soleil performance at the Blaisdell Center. We had never stayed this far down Kalakaua Avenue before but found the location to be not only convenient for access that all Waikiki has to offer, but we were amazed at the view of Daimond Head from our room. We stayed in a room directly facing Kapiolani Park which had a perfectly direct view of Diamond Head. When we looked to the right, there was the ocean, and gorgeous sunset. The view was incredible and you can't get it anywhere else but the Park Shore.The room itself had all the conveniences of home, with condo amenities like fridge, microwave, glasses, plates, utensils, etc. Our unit was clean and comfortable for our family of three.Waikiki Beach is right across the street, with beautiful swimming and nothing in the way of you and the sand.The staff was friendly and so helpful, not only to us, but others we observed also. They really made our stay pleasant.We enjoyed the Starbucks right downstairs, and our affordable room package came with a free coffee/breakfast coupon which was really nice.We look forward to visiting the Park Shore again soon.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GianniMatteo
<Content>Rebels Without a Clue! (or Restless in San Francisco, Vancouver, and Hawaii)       Sunset in Waikiki  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>odobuster
<Content>Great hotel for the money! When my husband and I first arrived, we were quite impressed. The lobby was lovely and clean, and the staff was absolutely wonderful! We had booked an ocean view room with a lanai and as we were checking in, the front desk person said that the room was lovely. Although the room was a bit small, it was very clean and had all of the necessaties that we needed, such as an iron, A/C, TV, coffee maker and hair dryer. The hotel also has an ABC store off from the lobby and 2 restaurants that were very good. If you're looking for a bargain, but still want cleanliness and great customer service, then the Park Shore Waikiki is the place. If, however, you're looking for 5 stars, then you may want to select an alternate location. We enjoyed it and would definitely return. Mahalo to the staff at the Park Shore Waikiki for a great time!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>CanadianBoys
<Content>Good and Bad With some trepidation we booked the Waikiki Park Shore staying Nov 10-22 2008 for 12 nights. As it is an 鈥淎qua鈥?managed property and reviews associated with Aqua are very suspect 鈥?we actually made 2 separate reservations of 6 nights each, booking directly, and intending to cancel depending on the rooms, overall impression, cleanliness and service. The first room they assigned (ocean front) was very dismal, small, with double beds and little room left in the bedroom move. Furnishings were very old and dated, shower mouldy, walls scraped etc. 1* at best and accessed by exterior door like a motel. The view was great but that was it. For a night or 2 it might be bearable but not for a week or longer. While I was fuming my parter went down and let them know I was unhappy. Reception was aware we made 2 reservations and if were not satisfied would check out early as well as cancel the second one. She suggested we look at a corner room in the new tower (taller one with interior hallways). The furnishings in this room were not much better, but the room layout was and in fact was about 20% larger (meaning we could actually open our suitcases) and this room was a corner room on the 7th floor so had a large side window to look out of but sealed shut). At least it was brighter an has a straight on view of Diamond Head and to th right on the beach.. Downside was the bathroom had a tub, no walk in shower and only a small glass shelf above the sink to put show toiletries. Room safe has a key, and they charge for use a pretty steep daily charge. We rated this room 2.5* as a comparison to the other room we first checked into. Only valet parking is available at 20$ plus tips 鈥?but we found secured self parking nearby at another hotel for 10$. The good and bad:GOOD: Hotel-prime corner location across from beach and zoo at far and quiet end of strip, Starbucks located within the property, Lulu's Restaurant (cheap and OK) on property, bus stops in font and across street, gay friendly and close to Hulas and Queens surf each areas, Room 鈥?views in new tower facing Diamond Head in corner rooms are great, balcony (lanai) was very nice and size OK, mattress comfortable. Hotel staff pretty much aloof which suited us. Free WIFI in lobby (does not wok at pool level though they state it does). A/C worked well, water and drainage good, bar fridge turned high kept bags of ice froze, coffee maker handy.BAD: Hotel- needs a real makeover from top to bottom, every piece of furniture needs replacement, Room: doors need better interior locks and the electronic door locks need replacement, furniture needs replacement as well as linens and drapes. Sheets were not changed daily, in fact changed on 3rd day on many days, one of us was bit by something in bed that left a a stain about 1鈥?round (we think a bed bug) and that pillowcase changed on 3rd day, while room was tidied it never felt really super 鈥渃lean鈥?On checkout we were not given a survey card nor asked about our stay. The 鈥淎qua鈥?mark on the property is invisible. We would stay again here as we got great rates booking on-line through Orbitz but ONLY if we were in a corner room of new tower.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	1	

<Author>Amazonfoofoo
<Content>Great Location, Great Staff! We booked 2 rooms for our parent's 50th wedding anniversary and my husband's 50th birthday. We really were excited about the location of Park Shore Waikiki, right across the street from the beach, with shopping all around, the zoo across the street, the aquarium next door, etc.The lobby of the hotel is very welcoming, with comfy couches to sit on and cool space to enjoy the beautiful palm trees and flowers all around the hotel. The staff are very friendly and were quick to help us find information and make recommendations for shopping, etc. There is an ABC convenience store on the beach side of the lobby, where you can buy great Kona coffee, souvenirs, and anything you might need. There is a great bar and grill, Lulu鈥檚, on the 2nd floor of the hotel.We did stop by the pool and it looked clean and inviting. You can lounge on chaise lounges while watching the beach activities, that is how close this hotel is to the beach. The rooms we booked were clean, spacious, and right where we needed them. We have to tell you about the wonderful Guest Relations Director, Ms. Leonor Wong. Leonor is absolutely the greatest! She welcomed our family and made us feel right at home. She went over and above to help us find boxes to mail all of our goodies back to the mainland, and she helped us gain access to office space when we had a critical deadline. She is amazing! Spending time with her made our trip to Hawaii complete : )The rooms in the hotel are the same as many of the hotels on the main strip of Waikiki, quaint and clean. Almost all of the hotel rooms on the main drag were built very long ago and you will find peeling wallpaper here and there, etc, but that is about anywhere you find in this area. We were introduced to the manager of the hotel, and he was very genuine and welcoming too.We mostly used this room to sleep and shower, and for the price, you are getting a really great deal. I would heartily recommend this hotel and I hope to return as soon as we can!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>NLD511
<Content>The view is great, the rooms are not. If your main concern is the view and location then this place is perfect. If you would like a room that feels fresh, clean and reasonably up-to-date, you don't want to stay here.We had a view room on the 7th floor facing the ocean. No doubt, the view was incredible and the location was perfect, but our expectation of what the room was going to be like, based on the lobby of the hotel, fell very, very short.We were very disappointed at the condition of our room. The room in general was very small, and very old. The whole place, outside of the lobby, is in serious need of renovation. Our room carpet was very stained, the walls were dirty, had streaks and splatters of something running down them. The furniture was old and beat up and rusty, the bathroom was moldy, the wallpaper was gouged and peeling, and the grout and tile was very dirty and broken. Our door didn't shut properly and it would slam shut on us every time we went in or out and our patio had large chunks of cement breaking off of it. The room smelled of urine and mold. There was also a lot of confusion about what room we were supposed to get and we asked for a room with 2 beds and only got one. I can say the bed was pretty comfortable though.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	2	4	-1	

<Author>commortis
<Content>Another Triumph by Aqua       ...another extraordinary Waikiki sunset...  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Riffguy
<Content>The Perfect Spot Upon entering the Park Shore Waikiki, you have entered the Perfect Spot to embark upon your Hawiian adventure. The lobby is quiet, comfortable, and beautiful. The famous ABC stores of Waikiki occupy a space on the lobby level down a short hallway and anything you need is in that store. Marvelous! The front desk and staff are waiting to serve you with a true Hawiian smile and friendliness that made us realize at once we were in a comfortable and user friendly enviornment. We were booked into an oceanfront room on the 8th floor for a stay of 9 nights. The elevators are very efficient and fast and with three(3), to use, coming and going was always quick. We loved our room. It was clean, nice bathroom, comfortable mattress, nice little refrigerator, table, and the T.V. worked perfectly. T.V. was housed in a cabinet and pulled out and swiveled for easy viewing. The balcony was a good size and very safe. The railings were high and very sturdy. They did not move. Some might say the room was small but we were there for 9 nights and I didn't once feel uncomfortable. We never really heard our neighbors so the sound proofing between rooms was very good. Mely was the name of our room attendant. I will miss her smile and friendliness forever. She made our room clean and comfortable every day with and a  job well done  is the term I apply to her efforts. The director of guest relations, Leonor Wong, is someone you might want to introduce yourself to in the first day or two of your stay. She's a wonderful person and loves her job. She is quite capable of making your stay more than you expect it to be. Hint: Maybe tell her why your visiting. (i.e. anniversary, birthday, etc.). The Park Shore is located ground zero Waikiki Beach. There is no better location. You take the elevator down, walk thru the lobby, or ABC Store, and cross the street to Waikiki Beach. The front desk will supply you with towels for the beach upon request. Beauty, friendly, efficient, location. Park Shore Waikiki is all this and more. If we go back, we know where to stay. P.S. Waikiki is a busy place! The noise levels are high at first but upon closing your sliding door and using a little air conditioning,( that worked very well), after a day or two, you melt into the experience of Park Shore Waikiki!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>m4misfit
<Content>Most enjoyable time at the Park Shore Waikiki My friend and I stayed at the Park Shore Waikiki from Friday, Nov. 14/08 until Monday, Nov. 17/08. This is my second trip to Honolulu. The last time I stayed in Honolulu, I got to know Leonor Wong-she is now the Director of Guest Relations at Park Shore. Having dealt with her before, I chose to stay at the Hotel she works at as I knew I'd be in good hands.  The day we arrived, we walked into a room that had fresh flowers, chocolates, and juice and water in the fridge. Leonor really takes the time to get to know her Guests as she remembered from a year and half ago when I stayed with her at Ocean Tower that I don't drink Champagne-so that's why she had juice for us instead.  The next day, she brought us up a breakfast coupon for 'Lulu's' which is the restaurant/bar conveniently located on the second floor of the hotel. If you choose to stay at Park Shore, you can ask for coupons for Lulu's at the Front Desk; it's a buy one breakfast and get the second 50% off. The prices at Lulu's are pretty affordable and they stay open late until 2:00am!  That same day, Leonor called us up and asked if we'd like to move up to an ocean-view room. We were in a standard room at the time which we had no complaints about-it had a balcony and two double beds but how could we pass up the opportunity to move to an ocean-view? So, she moved us to room 921. It has an amazing view!!! Our balcony overlooked the pool and had an incredible view of the beach. We got some amazing shots of the sunset from our balcony as well :)  The rooms are clean, the beds are comfortable and (something that's important to me personally-the water pressure in the shower is awesome!) I can't stand it when it takes so long to get the shampoo and conditioner out of your hair. Location wise, it's right across the street from the beach. Within the plaza-there's a Starbucks right outside and a Subway also. It's close to all the shopping on the strip and a 15 minute walk to Diamond Head. I would recommend this hotel to those Guests who are interested in affordable prices, decent/clean rooms, ideal location and for those who appreciate genuinely friendly staff who provide exceptional hospitality-from the cleaning staff to the manager, Terry Dowsett. To each is their own but we're not high maintenance and what brings me back to a place is their service-in my opinion, it's what matters most! **Friendly Tip** If you're going to the beach, stop by the bell desk and ask to borrow a mat for the day instead of buying one! P.S. The weather network said cloudy with showers for the weekend and we had Sun our whole stay!!!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Chini85
<Content>Aloooha Park shore Waikiki! =) OH WOW!!... I've never had such a great experience at a hotel! =) My 3 nights stay at Park Shore Waikiki were amazing! The first night we got there we were at the 17th floor with another hotel in front of our room. The 2nd day we had the beach in front of our room! =) .. The service is awesome! But the best part of the hotel are the workers that work there. They make a difference! They always there if you need something! They make you feel like your at home. Everyone that works there is very friendly and always with a smile on their face. You don't have to smile to make them smile, THEY HAVE THE SMILE READY FOR YOU! =) I had a great experience at Park Shore Waikiki. I'm going back next month to Honolulu. And i'm SOOO staying at the Park Shore Waikiki. Thank you everyone at Park Shore Waikiki! See you in few weeks! =)  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bigmomaSalemOregon
<Content>location location WE spent six nights here and celebrated our 30th anniversary .WE stayed on the 17th floor ocean view room .The view was fantastic and close to everything.The room show's it's age but was clean.Leonor Wong was very helpful and the staff were very nice. The only problem was lack of dresser draw and the shower tile was old. I would stay here again though because you don't stay in room all day long any way.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Pals4Ever
<Content>Wonderful Birthday Surprise! We recently enjoyed an exceptional two week stay at the Park Shore Hotel! This was a special birthday gift for my mother, so we wanted it to be extra nice. As a former travel agent  frequent traveller who has stayed in many hotels around the world, I must say that the Park Shore is a real gem in Waikiki and didn't disappoint! This is an older hotel that could use a bit of a facelift, but it is VERY CLEAN and the location is the best you will find on Oahu without having to spend a fortune. It is right at the end of the strip of hotels at Waikiki boarded by Kapiolani Park on the Diamond Head side  the beach and ocean right across the street. If you are looking for a more quiet location at Waikiki this is the place. From what we observed almost every room has a great view. We would recommend spending a little extra and booking either an Ocean View or an Ocean Front room. What made our stay here extra nice was the very friendly and helpful staff. A big thank you to Asst. General Mgr. Frank and his staff, especially to Marcie, Roberta and Apellia. We will miss their warm welcoming smiles!The pool area was carefully cleaned each morning, however we missed not having any shady areas. Tables and umbrellas would be nice and the pool deck could use a fresh coat of paint. However there is a great view of the beach from the pool for those who prefer to not have to deal with sand in everything. We will definately recommend this hotel to our friends and hope to return to this lovely hotel in the near future.Kathy  ToniCalgary, Canada  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>seriellen
<Content>A Nice Surprise       A beautiful sunset  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BuddyEdmonton
<Content>Location Location Location This was our first stay at the Parkshore. We chose it because of the location. When we arrived we were told they upgraded us to an oceanfront room, due to the oceanview was not available. This was a delightful bonus, as the room we had on the 14th floor had a awesome view. The room was small but was clean and the beds were very comfortable. The nice thing about having a room with this view, if we did not want to go down to the beach 24/7 you still did not miss out on the nice scenery - just pull up a chair on the lanai and enjoy. We found the staff very friendly. The lobby couches were very inviting with interenet access for those that could not leave the laptop at home. We would definately recommend the Parkshore and stay again next time we visit Waikiki.AnitaEdmonton, Alberta  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>BillyK315
<Content>Want to go Back       oceanview from room  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SpartanDave
<Content>October Getaway       Pool from balcony  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hhotstuff
<Content>Memorable Anniversary My husband and I stayed at the hotel for 4 days. We came to Hawaii for a much deserved vacation and our anniversary. The staff here is wonderful. The Asst Gen Mgr and Leanor the Guest Relations Mgr made sure that we were very well taken care of. Leanor went out of her way to make sure that everything was just perfect. At the end of our stay, Leanor presented us with leis to take on our trip home. This was a memorable anniversary. EXCELLENT,EXCELLENT SERVICE. New York couple  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>honeymoonernparadise
<Content>5 Stars at the Park Shore for sure My wife and I stayed at the Park Shore for our honeymoon. From the moment we arrived to the time we left we were treated like royalty. We arrived early for our room but that was no problem Leonor and Frank and the rest of the staff took care of us and had us a better room within minutes. Leonor found out my wife loved flowers and every day there were beautiful flowers waiting for us in our room when we returned, not to mention the best hawaiian chocolates we have ever tasted. Champane was delivered to our room and waiting for us in ice when we returned. Every day we were greeted by the friendly staff I have ever had the pleasure of knowing. They treated you like family and no request or advice was too much. Frank and Leonor offered us great advice on things to do. To some up the whole stay in just a review is not enough, there were so many things that we loved about the Park Shore. The pool was awesome, the view from the pool was awesome as well. From our room we could hear the gently waves of the ocean, and spent many night laying in bed just relaxing to the waves. We had a great view of the ocean the beach and diamond head. The room was very confortable and balcony was great. What I am trying to say is simply, Mahalo (thank you) to everyone at the Park Shore and we will be coming back soon, you made our honeymoon the best it could possible be. On our last day there it was a sad day, Frank, Leonor, and Tim gave us a frame with our picture in it and we had to say our good byes. When we left we were not leaving a hotel, we were leaving friends, and it is always sad to say good bye to friends, but until next time THANK YOU PARK SHORE for EVERYTHING.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ballisticballcourt
<Content>LOVED this hotel!!!!!!       Our balcony  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Kris09
<Content>Great Service / Great view! Aloha! I have many great things to say about The Park Shore Waikiki (Part of Aqua Hotels  Resorts)! It's in a GREAT location as it is located near the end the Waikiki Beach Strip @ 2586 Kalakaua Ave in Honolulu. It is steps away from the beach, great restaurants and shopping. Everything you need is within easy walking distance on the main strip. The view is amazing as you can see the Diamond Head Volcanic Crater in its full glory, Waikiki Beach and Honolulu's famous sunsets all from your room (depending on what kind of room you book, of course.) The pool area is very nice and well maintained. You can see the ocean from the pool area as it is located on the 3rd floor of the hotel. It offers a nice leisure, less busy atmosphere than the beach.  The best part of our hotel stay was the friendly great service we received! Leanor and Terry truly cared about making our stay as comfortable and as great as possible. They really went above and beyond. Every where we turned the staff was great! It makes a big difference if you feel welcomed. The Park Shore Waikiki's rooms are a bit on the small side however are very clean and in good repair. The balcony was very large and offered a great view  relaxation to sit and watch the sunset. This hotel will be updating it's rooms with renovations in the Spring 2009. The staff are very excited about the update!  I would recommend this hotel to everyone. It is suited for families, couples or singles. It's quiet at night yet very close to the action if that's what you like! We'll be staying there again for sure! Mahalo!  (I will be posting photos soon!)  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Kerry58
<Content>Great trip to paradise This is an excellent hotel to spend a vacation.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Offeringopinion
<Content>Park Shore Best Deal on the block I have been staying at the Park Shore for a couple of years everytime that I visit Hawaii......I probably have been there 8 times in the past couple of years.......In October 2008 I sent my parents to Hawaii for their 50th Anniversary....they are older and I was very comfortable with the staff knowing they would take good care of my parents......the staff is excellent, the rooms are clean and best of all very affordable.....it is well located and I enjoy the experience.....I'd like to keep this my secret but probably it is best that I share the experience of a first rate hotel.....  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bonesman
<Content>A great stay at the Park Shore The hotel was great. We were treated as valued guests. All of the staff was attentive to any needs we had. We were especially impressed by Leonor Wong Director of Guest Relations. She took time out of her busy day to show us the newly remodeled rooms and talk about the future renovations that are planned. This made Kat and I feel like truly special guests of the hotel.Respectfully,Ed Kat BonolloSherwood Oregon  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelotsVancouver
<Content>Park Shore is the score! Having stayed in Waikiki several times in the last couple of years, The friendly and helpfull staff of the Park Shore were great.The location of the property is perfect and the views are spectacular. Terry and Leonor are fantastic people and went above and beyond for our short stay. If you want to relax this is the place. If you want to go out on the town this the place as well.Definitely will be back and will be spreading the word.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KarlLaFong
<Content>Another wonderful Stay at the Park Shore       The view from the Park Shore  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ashwhiteley
<Content>The view is Amazing We did not stay at this Hotel, but we visited it and will definitely stay here the next time we visit. It is located directly across the street from Waikiki Beach and you can also see Diamond Head from the rooms. It is a great price for the location! The staff was very helpful and gracious, especially Leonor Wong, director of guest relations!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jwcoke
<Content>good location good price       Diamond Head  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>torquecat
<Content>First Time in Oahu A friend suggested your hotel based on location and price. She is planning on booking next year with her Mother if it seemed ok. We booked the Snooze and Cruise package with the City view since I waited too long and the partial ocean view room was sold out. When we arrived and this is was for our honeymoon we were very pleased that your hotel had upgraded us to the partial ocean but the room (and we were told the 18th floor) was not ready yet could be come back in about 3 hours. No problem we checked our bags and went out. When we got back there was a totally new staff at the desk and they seemed confused on the room and offered the 5th floor or the 17th, we were told we should have never been offered a specific floor in the first place. After a little round and round we went to the room on the 17th but it was rather embarrassing since we had gotten excited about the upgrade and then having to explain what we were talking about when your hotel was the one that offered. I think that better notes in the file for staff changes would have been a good idea so we would not have to have been explaining the situation, again that part was upsetting.The room itself had a good view and was clean, though a little tired looking. It was very nice that the hotel also sent a welcome basket which we very much appreciated.The Valet staff was nice and quick. And we liked eating at the restaurant downstairs, good menu and staff.I will recommend this to others.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>brattyrobin
<Content>fifth visit-always wonderful girls yearly vacation always includes park shore waikiki..good service,wonderful staff and the views are terrific. we always appreciate the staff and the feeling of being special. the arrival of leonor is a welcome surprise and boy does she make you feel welcome and special...look forward to staying agian in the new remodel of the rooms and seeing everyone again sept 09..keep up the great work...  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>top-salesman
<Content>loved park shore Hi, everyone was very nice,my wife and me we enjoyed everyday,everyone at the hotel was very helpfull,and we hope to see you next summer,thank you for everything..  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lambertlnl
<Content>Great room for the money While visiting our Navy son stationed on Oahu, we originally booked 4 nights at the Marriott and payed over $315 per night knowing that we would be looking at other hotels for the remaining 5 nights. The Park Shore is directly across the street from Waikiki Beach. We viewed both an ocean view room and a mountain view suite. Both rooms were equally nice and very clean. The view was spectacular and had a breathtaking view of both the mountain and the ocean. Although gently worn, we were pleased with the service and the room. It had a pull-out couch and king size bed, a kitchenette and nice bathroom. Didn't like the bathtub though, couldn't lay back and relax. (Our only complaint). For the money it was a great place to stay. The hotel staff was very friendly and greeted us by name as we cam and went. The Marriott staff was not very friendly and we felt that the indoor mall setting was why we were paying top dollar for just a room. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emmaSilverdale
<Content>Short Stay at Park Shore Our short and brief stay at the hotel is very unforgetable. We were all caught unaware of the warm hospitality and welcome of the crew, Leonor is very accommodating and even went out of her way to make us feel comfortable!The panoramic view of the mountain upon entering the hotel room; and at the porch, the spectacular view of the sunset and the beach are breathtaking! No word is enough to describe the relaxing effect we had after a day of non-stop driving going places on our last day in Honolulu. Again, our utmost thanks for the warm accommodation and hospitality that was provided us. More power and God Bless!!!/Zeny Cruz  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PackedReadySetGo
<Content>as close a possible to the beach without being there nice hotel reasonably priced short walk to the beachWireless internet and for those still hard wired modems availble for your room to connect.View of the ocean was spectatcular.very clean and comfortablepleasant stay  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>artventurous
<Content>Terrific location        Flowers from guest relations manager join us during breakfast on our balcony  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Kelpies52
<Content>Great Location We stayed in the Parkshore for the second time in 2 years. The hotel rooms are small but no smaller than any other US hotels that I have stayed in including the Ritz Carlton in Los Angeles. We have been fortunate enough to have visited many countries in the world and the the location of this hotel is perfect. Many previous complaints have been about the room and pool size but what do they expect for the price they are paying.The location allows you to either relax by the pool or by the ocean and with a bus stop outside the hotel door you are able to tour the island for $2. Hawaiin people are exceptionally friendly and have to put up with the constant demands of tourists who come to the island.Also the hotel staff are extremely helpful and you are able to book tours within the hotel which is useful.We will definitely be back even though it takes us 29 hours to get to Oahu it is worth it.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hockeylovers
<Content>ENJOYED IT!       our t.v and fridge  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>cisco05
<Content>Location, Location. Location       Great view!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>nikkimc21
<Content>Friendly staff, Great Location       view from our room  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>HawaiisPurpleLady
<Content>Rediscovering Waikiki       Diamond Head and Kapiolani Park  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>intrepudtraveller
<Content>Hugely Disappointing I actually chose to move here from the Aqua Island Colony based on the great reviews here, but on arrival was just so disappointed that I cant believe it.The room I have (a City View) is tiny. Its old and worn and the aircon makes a loud rattly noise. My City view is actually a view of a bunch of balconies about 10m away. The tv has limited channels and the bed is uncomfortable  old  springy. But its the size thats the most disappointing - its like a shoebox.The whole hotel seriously smells like theres a Burger King on every floor, even out by the (quite small) pool. Theres also a major bus stop outside the pool so its super-noisy. The lift is slow and creaky and its basically just not what I expected.Positives - its a super location, right on Waikiki Beach and the staff in reception were incredibly helpful and friendlyI'm cutting short my time here and going back to the Aqua Island, the rooms are just so much better, its cheaper and it has a much bigger pool.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	5	2	2	

<Author>Denise89
<Content>This is a bad hotel. The Park Shore Hotel is a terrible hotel in my opinion.They do not give customers what they say they will.For example, we made a reservation on the phone requesting2 beds because it was 2 of us (me and my mother). However,when we went up to our room, there was only one bed.I called the receptionist right away at the front desk andshe said that they usually put 2 beds in the room only if they have any left. I thought that's what reservations are for...?! So anyway, despite of our reservation on two beds, she said she can't help us unless we want a roll-up bed. The staff was notfriendly at all and they did not care about the customers'problems. Please, for your own safety, do not believe anythingthis hotel says. The room was as tiny as it could be, we couldbarely pass each other without bumping. The view was towards the side of another hotel and when you look down you can see all kinds of garbage and trashcans. I don't know what happened down there, I think something got burned down and left like this. There was not shampoo or soap or anything of that kind in the bathroom. I thought I would be able to use a shampoo from the hotel but I guess I was wrong. I went to an ABC store and bought soaps and shampoo. The only good thing about this hotel is its' location. It is only 45 steps from the beach. Other than that, there was nothing good about it. They also said that there was free continental breakfast. Again, don't believe them!! It is not free! They also said they have computers you could use for free. Lies, lies, lies. You can tell this whole hotel is a lie. When we first arrived, the hotel looked very nice ( don't be tricked, it only looks nice on the outside) but when we actually went up the elevator we realized what it really was. The carpet was not clean, everything looked very old and the doors to the rooms looked like you could break them down with a kick. Old,old,old. Their prices change but do not go there if it's more than $69, $79 per night because the hotel does not answer to that price. I'm surprised to see their prices at $89, $98. That is ridiculous, they think their hotel deserves this price. Hahaha. Also, the furniture in the room was very old and and not put where it should be. For example, our bed was facing one way while the TV was facing another way making it impossible for us to watch it. We could not move it either because it was in this white, paint-chipped, shelf. The metal parts of it were rusted so when I put my bathing suit up on it to dry, it got on my bathing suit and it wouldn't come out. It's rust.Well, now you know what Park Shore really is so please do not go there (for your own good) unless you're completely broke and have nowhere else to stay!!!  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>KTB08
<Content>Fantastic Location My husband and I stayed at the Park Shore for 1 week whilst on our honeymoon. We had booked a city view room and arrived at the hotel 3 hours before check in, very tired. We were told that there was a room available to check in immediately on the 10th floor or we could wait until 3pm for a better room on the 12th floor. We decided to wait for a better room and went off to have some lunch. When we arrived back at 3pm we checked in and then realised that we had been given a room on the 10th floor anyway. We went to the room and it was disgusting. The windows were held together by gaffa tape and it had views of the car park (not city). I dont usually complain about things but the room was truly horrible and absolutely tiny. My husband went down to complain and Frank the manager apologised and put us in an ocean view room on the 12th floor. It was as simple as that. We moved rooms and had a wonderful stay.The location of the hotel is brilliant. You can get the bus to everywhere (including the sea life park) right outside the hotel. The beach just across the road is lovely. Starbucks is also just next to the hotel. The restaurant Lulu's is reasonably priced and the food is nice (service can be a bit slow at busy times, but always friendly). The pool area is basic but not busy and very clean. I would defiantly stay here again as our problem with the room was resolved instantly without difficulty and the location is so good.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	-1	4	3	-1	

<Author>ndtpunk71
<Content>Great Rates, Great Location, Friendly Service, but Not so good maid service               More photos  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	3	2	2	

<Author>travelseeker
<Content>Exceeded Expectations After reading through the past reviews I was not sure what to expect. I was prepared for a teeny tiny room and scruffy conditions throughout the hotel. There was none of that! We stayed in an ocean front room on the 11th floor. The room had a slight entry way with a full length mirror, a table w/ coffemaker and another mirror, a closet, then there was the bathroom. The room was, what I consider, a decent size. I liked having a refrigerator in the room. I can be picky about cleanliness and I had zero complaints. The drain was not even slow in the shower. We were on the corner which I liked because there was a side window with views of the park and Diamond Head. The balcony was a good size and had nice rattan furniture. I noted other balconies had cheap plastic chairs. Now, I loved that we were in a corner room but I could see where some would not be as happy. There is a street in front and on the corner, with the bus stop directly below. Oh, also I had read some complaints that where the tv was located made it impossible to view it from the bed. Perhaps those other people didn't realize that you could slide it out and rotate it? Not that we watch tv while traveling, but while I'm getting ready my husband watches the news, etc. I thought the pool was nice. I liked that there was a bathroom located right there. I liked that we could just go to the 2nd floor and get to Lulu's. The service was really slow but once we got our food it was always good. Not that there aren't a million ABC stores, but it was pretty convenient to have one with access to the hotel. We never had an annoying wait for the elevators- alot of times we were the only ones on it. The view and location were great. I thought the beach and surrounding area was MUCH better than the higher priced hotels. There was a small corvette show in the park one day, which I didn't even have to leave my balcony to see. We even walked over to the zoo and spent some time there one morning. Also on Saturday there was music and a movie playing right out front of the hotel. As others have noted, I really liked that they were able to move us to another room on the morning we were supposed to check out. That allowed us to rent some beach chairs (there is a stand right by the hotel) and spend about 4 hrs. on the beach before cleaning up. We then checked our bags with them so we could go get some dinner before we left for the airport (9:55 pm flight). I know some people complain about the valet charge but in the scheme of things it did not bother me. Service was always quick. The only thing to note is that when we checked in I happend to catch that the paper they gave me to sign at check in said we were staying in an ocean view room. I caught the error and after pointing it out, there were no problems. There are still some other islands for me to explore but if I ever go back to Oahu I will be staying at the Park Shore. I would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	-1	3	

<Author>ImissHawaii
<Content>Park Shore PERFECT LOCATION and FANTASTIC VIEW!       View to Right from our balcony  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>HLS10134
<Content>The Best Service! The manager, Frank Hudson, and the entire Park Shore staff were excellent! They truly made our two week stay feel like a true vacation. We couldn't have asked for better accomodations or better service.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Arvind-BigGuy
<Content>Fantastic Park Shore ! My family  I have just returned from a week at the Park Shore Waikiki. The hotel was beautiful and the service was beyond our wildest expectations ! We have travelled all over the world  have never enjoyed the hotel staff as much as we did on this trip. Frank  Lawrence especially made our stay unforgettable, going above  beyond to assist us with anything we needed. The hotel is located on a corner, a block from the beach, with easy access to lots of stores and amenities. Julia with Expedia is the local expert  has a desk right in the hotel lobby so any excursions you want to make can be booked right on the spot. Total convenience ! Julia arranged a great side trip to the Big Island for us  recommended the best tour guide Tony The Tiger, with Discovery Tours. I strongly recommend this wonderful day trip. This hotel has one of the best views in the area with windows looking out to both the ocean and the Diamond Head. We will be staying here every time we return to Hawaii and we will be telling ALL our friends to stay at the Park Shore as well ! Great Experience !Arvind from Edmonton, Alberta, Canada  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Beegwave
<Content>Great Service My stay was excellent. The staff was very respectful and courteous. Leanor was especially accomodating by going the extra mile to ensure that I was totally satisfied with the hotel. Good job. I will be booking the Park Shore for my monthly business trips from the Big Island from now on.Thanks,David Gelber.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>gogirl101
<Content>Park Shore at Waikiki was okay       View From Balcony  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Buggie1020
<Content>Loved the Aqua Park Shore!!! Great location, friendly and helpful staff, terrific restaurant within the hotel (LuLu's). Starbucks is downstairs, too! Rooms were clean and comfortable. Ocean view room was amazing! Balconies are great for relaxing and taking in the beauty of Waikiki. Diamondhead is right around the corner, too. The only negative thing about this location is that they do not have Internet in the hotel rooms. You can get free access in the lobby, but that's it. Other than that, it's a great hotel. Can't beat the price! I will definitely return to the Park Shore.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>chrismid33624
<Content>Passing Thru The staff are very friendly and helpful. Look forward to our return trip.Chris and Darlene Middleton  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kiwi9968
<Content>Loved This Hotel This hotel was perfect for our trip to Waikiki. The staff are extremely nice and helpful. We were helped with booking trips, bus routes, taxis, shuttles everything. The staff were ready and willing to help at anytime. If you have any problems (e.g we had a problem with the sink) the people came very quick to fix the problem. Park shore is also in an excellent location. It is right across from the beach and it is in a less busy part of the beach as well. If you book an oceanview room you get the most amazing view. Diamond head crater and the beach it is absolutely beautiful. Park Shore is also in a great location for tour bus pick ups. Close to the major pick up points. It is close to the trolley bus and right by the local bus routes. Everything is a close walk away.The rooms are also very clean and well maintained. While we were checking out there were many people who stated that they were returning to the park shore or that they would return again. The slight downfall is it's proximity to the street - as you can hear people, cars etc, but usually quiets down pretty early at night.This is a hotel I would definitely return to.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HawaiiTraveler777
<Content>ABSOLUTELY A+++Hidden Jewel Hotel in Waikiki Hawaii This hotel is absolutely fantastic. Upon arrival, we were greeted by Roberta...without her the image of this hotel would not of projected a true hawaiian / aloha feeling. She made us all feel right at home. Her upbeat attitude, smiling face and eagerness made our day. Our family booked four rooms and stayed twicein the month of August for a total of 9 days. The hotel is right across the best boogie boarding beach inWaikiki. The locals call it the WALL. We had some diehardsurfers and the ladies could watch them from our hotel andfrom the pool room. We had rooms from oceanfront, poolsideand oceanview. The poolside lanai rooms are great because it opens up to thepool area. It is not noisy at night, because the pool closes at around 6 pm or sunset. The oceanview rooms are great because you have a view of diamond head and the ocean.The oceanfront rooms are okay b ut it is set back and not asnice as the oceanview rooms especially if you request therooms nearest to the ocean.The japanese restaurant is great! There is also a nightclubupstairs for the youngset. Also, Starbucks and the ABC stores are in the hotel lobby area. We have stayed at many hotels in Waikiki after visiting this hotel we will always make our reservations here now. You will be absolutely happy choosing this hotel. The room pricesare very economical and you will not find a hotel like thisin Waikiki for these prices. Please look up their website and you will see the hotel is practically on the beach. You can stay in Hawaii longer with these hotel prices and have lots of fun. Good Luck  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>swclaire
<Content>Fantastic Location!       View from room 409  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>L0VE2EXP0RE
<Content>Fantastic hotel with great location!! My boyfriend and I just returned from a week vacation on Waikiki Beach. If your searching for a very reasonable hotel with great staff, I highly suggest Park Shore Waikiki Hotel. The location was PERFECT! The pool deck gives a beautiful view of the ocean as well as Diamond Head! Not to mention, your seconds away from the Beach! (Literally right across the street) All the activities picked us up right from the hotel with no problems.  The Hotel staff was great! Everyone was so friendly and the maids wait till you leave and don't knock on your door till you finally get annoyed and leave. Everyone responded quickly and never had to wait long for anything. Sheets looked and smelled clean, unlike other hotels. (Which I imagine they would have to wash a lot due to the sand people track in) The only thing that was kind of dirty were the window curtains. We slept in a comfortable King bed, which made the room feel small but definately suitable for 2 people. The mini fridge in each room was also a plus. Wifi in the lobby, starbucks, and at the pool. Valet parking for those who rent a car. Overall I was very pleased and would definately stay there again. It's not like your in the room all day anyways. Great price for location and stay! Another thing is that many hotels post pictures that look great on their website but when you actually stay there, it looks like none of the pictures posted. The pictures on Park Shore Waikiki's website are very accurate. So what you see is what you'll get! Which I think is nice for a change! The hotel has 2 ABC Stores on each side, starbucks, subway and some other restuarants right around the corner. So its very conveniently located. For those who like to surf, theres also a surf rental place right outside of the hotel. The zoo is also right across the street too and Diamond Head is only about a 1.5 mile walk. Oahu has a great night life, all the stores are open till 10:30pm-11pm. If you walk down the strip 5-10 minutes, there are many shops, restaurants, and entertainers in the street trying to make an easy buck.  There are always fun activities going on at night on the beach. From people dancing to people singing and playing music. Definately a great place to stay for a beautiful getaway vacation! I would definately stay there again!!!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>TalkingRain
<Content>For the Economic Traveler, Wanting a Good Location The location of the Park Shore Waikiki is great - less than a 1/2 a block from Waikiki Beach, and a 5-10 minute walk to tons of shopping/restaurants, etc. The restaurant next to the hotel is fun and has great food, and a Starbucks is right next door. However, the hotel was simply a place for us to sleep. The pool is on the 4th floor with only a few lawn chairs and no other amenities. The rooms were clean, but a little run down. I'd compare them to a cheap apartment built in the early 80's. But it was still liveable. We chose the Park Shore because of the price ($99/night) and location and for what we paid it was fine. Overall, if your hotel is your last priority when traveling this will do just fine. We also rented a car, and didn't have to pay $20/night for valet as the zoo is right across from the street and we were able to find on-street/free parking every day with out too much trouble.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>kaiVancouverBc
<Content>great lani We love this hotel, the location is amazing and we love the sunsets on the lani. We have been here 6 times and it just keeps getting better, our last visit we were unexpectantly upgraded to the suite what a nice treat having two balconies. The people at the front desk are really helpful and any time we had any problems they we real quite to fix it.I wouldnt hesitate to recommend this hotel to anybody.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>arizonagirly
<Content>Park Shore Hotel Sucks!!!! Hello. Me and my Mom went to Park Shore Hotel just a week agoand stayed there for a couple of days. I found out about thishotel online and I called in to make a reservation, I told them that wewant a room with TWO beds and the lady on the phone saidno problem. So here is what happened when we got to thehotel: We got off the bus and my FIRST impression of the hotelwas oh wow I did a good job. I saw a nice looking hotel withthese big glass windows showing everything inside, it lookedvery nice. But it looks nice ONLY ON THE OUTSIDE !!!!! That's their way of tricking people to go to their hotel. They made it lookall nice on the outside, but when you actually go in where therooms are and IN the rooms, it's TERRIBLY BAD !! The carpetwas DIRTY first of all. We got into our room and we could barelywalk past each other without bumping...yes, the room was thatsmall !! Oh and to our surprise, there was only ONE BED !I called the front desk right away and asked them why we haveonly one bed when there is TWO of us. Their excuse was : Oh we don't have anymore of those available, sorry I said :Well I reserved a room with 2 over the phone, what happened?And she said Yeah but we can't promise you that. It's only if we have any left. Then what's the point of making a RESERVATION, lady ?!!?!?!??! I didn't say that to her but I got really mad and I asked if there is really nothing she can do. She said I'll send you a roll-over bed. So when we put the roll-over bed in the room, wehad to JUMP over things, there was no space for walking at all.NADA! Another thing I didn't like was the placement of the TV.It was put in this white cupboard that was turned away from the bed, it was sideways so I couldn't watch any TV from the bed.And our balcony view was horrible too. It was facing this taller white hotel and when you look down you can see all kinds of garbage, trash cans everywhere, dirty garages or whatever it was. It looked like it was on fire once upon a time, everything was black. Breakfast is not free and using their so called computers is not free either. There is no fitness center ( I saw that included on some webstes). But no, there is no fitness center or spa.The staff was not helpful at all. They weren't even polite, I did not hear a welcome a thank you a hello !!!!! When we went to the desk up front, the lady only looked at us without saying anything.I guess that's how they say hi. She never said how may I help you? I never heard an enjoy your stay or hope you liked it.None of it ! NADA. Another thing, the housekeepers don't speak English. If you're going to hire someone to help people, he/sheMUSTTTT know English. I mean come on, how are they going to help me if they can't understand a word I'm saying ?!?! It's ridiculous!! Also, when I went in the bathroom to blowdry my hair, the plug-ins didn't work so I called for someone to come up and see what is wrong. The lady on the phone said she'll TRY and find someone to come up. Finally someone comes up and the it takes the person 30 minutes to figure out what is wrong. He told me that I have to press the 2 buttons on the plug-in one after another to get it working. The bathroom by the way, was a small box too. There was no shampoo, no soap, nothing. I know that usually there has to be SOMETHING there. But not at this hotel apparently. So DO NOT get tricked and stay at this hotel ! Never go there!! Never-ever-ver-er-r !!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>gothepanthers
<Content>great location We stayed at the Park Shore( for the second time), we found the location perfect. We got married in Hawaii and found the photos we got from our ocean front room perfect. Only problem was, reception failed to pass on messages from our wedding companies but other than that it was great.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>SherrySun08
<Content>Loved the Park Shore, Can't Wait To Go Back Next Year! After reading some of the reviews on here, my husband and I was a little nervous about booking the Park Shore only to find out that it was the best experience by far. The staff are so friendly there, sure the rooms are small but go down to the front desk like we did and see one of the clerks and ask about an upgrade. We booked through Orbitz and the only choice we had was a city view room because the hotel was full. Luckily one of the girls at the front offered an upgrade to a Ocean Front room in the corner end and for what we paid for it, it was well worth it. One thing Park Shore has to offer is the location, it was so convenient that after our second day there we decided to return our rental car. One thing that was a suprise to us was the $20 parking fee, that kind of blew our mind but if you dont need a car then most things are in walking distance of the hotel. Would we stay at Park Shore again? You can count on it! We have already booked for February and this time we're bringing the kids. From the time we arrived and throughout our stay we have felt welcome and thats really hard to find these days. For a little hotel in the corner from our experience and what we saw, they seemed pretty busy while we were there. But what I loved the most was they always took the time to what the natives there call talk story even the housekeeping was friendly and replenished our towels daily. Park Shore not the biggest hotel in Waikiki but good enough for my family and I.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>kaleookamanu
<Content>good hotel great services and friendly staff(kaheavikki) ill be back for the 3rd time  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wpp
<Content>ripped off again Just got the credit card bill from the parkshore waikiki and they ripped us off again. They lied about the rooms, lied about the extra charges, then said their computer system was changed and there was no way to look back at the charges..Watch out if you stay there!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	2	2	1	

<Author>sweethichick
<Content>Loved the Park Shore Staff was courteous and effecient and everything was within walking distance. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone. Location was great, right across the beautiful Waikiki Beach and The Honolulu Zoo  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sd
<Content>What is wrong with these moaners! Stayed at the Park Shore twice for 2  4 nights in oceanfront rooms facing the beach, floors 8  14.Made the booking with some concerns due to a few negative reviews but was very pleasantly surprised  delighted.If you're only paying $155 per night you know that you're not going all of the frills of the Dorchester! Sure it's a bit tired but we found both rooms of good size, clean, ( tho both had a stain on the carpet in front of the coffee maker ) everything worked  the views are absolutely incredible. We sat on the balcony with coffee or breakfast several times  just drank in the beautiful view  wondered why others paid twice as much to stay in name brand hotels with only a view of the car park!We suffered none of the problems I've read about, the few times we had need to speak to the staff they were all extremely helpful.The location is the Park Shore's big bonus, right across the road from the beach  the park., 15 min gentle walk to the Intl. Market, cheap eats on Kuhio the main shopping area.Lulus' is good  the Marriot has a fabulous $20 buffet most nights. Starbucks  the ABC directly below are very convenient.Do be aware that Honolulu has a lot of homeless people  most of them seem to overnight in the parks, hence some are in the vicintiy of the hotel. Having said that, only one asked for anything in the whole 7 days we were there.Would I stay there again? Damn right I would, but I would again go for an ocean front room.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>joewv
<Content>Awesome location, great pool/sundeck. "Ulu" is superb Ulu provided excellent service during check in and our stay at the Waikiki Park Shore. Lawrence, one of the desk clerks, also was very friendly and displayed a pleasant personality during our 7 day stay. Ulu ensured we had a great room with a fantastic view of Diamondhead and the beach. We DEFINITELY will stay at the Waikiki Park Shore whenever we visit Honolulu again.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>goldiep
<Content>Only if you are determined to stay on Waikiki As other reviewers have mentioned, this is a tired, old place. We had a partial ocean view, for which we paid $155 per night.. Valet parking only at $20 per day( don't rent a car unless you plan on going to north shore, take the bus). Needed to keep your drapes closed most of the time as the balconies are that close to each other. Could barely fit both suitcases in room. At night, between the traffic and the restaurant/bar nearby, very noisy. I would rather pay less, be a block or two from the water, and have a nicer room and a little quiet at night.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	-1	1	

<Author>terrys-thoughts
<Content>The Great, The Bad, and The Ugly My wife and I stayed in a Diamond Head Suite @ $167 for 5 nights (extended stay special). The view from our balcony was spectacular - overlooking Kapiolani Park and Diamond Head to the South, and the Pacific to the West. The location was ideal, with the beach right across the street, an ABC store and a Starbucks at the ground level, and within walking distance of many great shops and restaurants along Waikiki. Our king bed was comfortable, and the mini-kitchen had a small fridge, microwave, coffeemaker, and a small sink. The view, the location, the price - all of this was the great part. Now for the bad. The Park Shore is a tired hotel that really needs a face lift. The carpets are worn and dirty, walls are scatched, and doors don't close properly. There are no luggage stands, the remote on the TV didn't work properly, the bathroom sink stopper didn't hold water, etc. And they nickle and dime you to death - there is a room safe ($4 @ day) and all outgoing calls (including 800 numbers) are $1 each. Valet parking is $20 @ day. If you want to check your e-mail and print your boarding passes, there are two computer pay stations in the lobby with a $5 minimum and $1 @ page. And because of our flight time, we asked for a late check-out. It was $10 @ hour from the noon check-out to 6:00 pm (after which you are charged an extra night). To close with the ugly. Our first morning we noticed some water on the floor at the entrance. Glancing up, there was a large area of the ceiling that was dripping wet and judging from the existing stain it was not something that had just occured. We immediately reported the problem and within an hour a person from maintenace showed up, unscrewed the air conditioner ceiling vents, and proceeded to vacuum clean the inside areas. Needless to say, this didn't solve the problem. The ceiling continued to drip. Since there were no other suites available, we chose to stay and wiped both the floor and ceiling on a regular basis. On our final day, a notice was posted in the elevators advising guests that the water would be shut down the following noon for a routine maintenance check. We expect that more than just routine maintenance would have been necessary.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>lindadow
<Content>Loved the location and the staff This is the third time in three years I have stayed at the Parkshore. My firends and I will continue to come back. The staff are fantastic, they remembered us from our previous visit which made us feel really welcome. The location is where the action is at the Northern end of Waikiki. The views from the room were perfect for afternoon happy hour. We'll be back next year!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coachnanatutu
<Content>fantastic views every day always a pleasure to stay at the Park Shore. I love waking each morning to an amazing uninterupted view of the ocean. Coffee downstairs, 24 food at Lulu's, close to everything, and just outside the hustle and bustle of Waikiki. it's always my first choice. I couldn't get the room I wanted (bit bigger) but my own fault as I booked too late and the hotel was full. Next time I'll be more organised. Front desk staff are very helpful. we love Frank!i'll certainly be back.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>o2bmk
<Content>Still the Best Value for Money and Location This was my second visit to the Park Shore and around my 40th visit to Hawaii. I chose to stay at the Park Shore again and was extremely happy with my decision, the Park Shore offers the most scenic and conviently located accomodation in Waikiki with unbeatable views of Diamond Head, Kapiolani Park and the Beach. There are no other buildings between the Park Shore and these three iconic landmarks making the views from the balcony truly spectacular. The staff are extremely accomodating the rooms are clean and well presented and the hotel offers convenience for access to other attractions and local activities. In my opinion this is by far the best value hotel in Waikiki and I will be most definantly staying there on my next trip later in 2008, well done to the management and staff and thanks for a great stay.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>katiepo
<Content>Location Location Location What a fantastic spot to experience Waikiki and the rest of Oahu!I loved that this hotel was close enough to experience the excitement and perks of being in a busy touristy spot like Waikiki, but with enough space to avoid all the nonsense! With the help of the fantastic staff at Park Shore we were able to source rental cars, buses and hiring toys with great ease 鈥?it was Fabulous!  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RobM2008
<Content>Convenient, efficient, friendly location in the heart of Honolulu Perfect for a beach holiday:- just across the road from the beach - surfing  snorkelling- close to restaurants  shops - there's a great trolley service if you want to do more shopping.- great swimming pool if you don't want to get salty.- friendly, efficient staff.- Watch out for the extremely useful person sitting at the desk in the lobby who can organise tours  shuttles for you.The only small negative is that WiFi doesn't extend above the 2nd floor -but you probably don't want to be on your computer on holiday anyway!  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>glicker
<Content>Enjoyed My Stay The Park Shore is a clean, safe hospitable environment. It's far from a luxurious place but the price was reasonable and the location good since it's across the street from the beach and on the edge of all the busy tourist activities of Waikiki. I'd easily stay there again if I wanted to be on that side of town.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>scoie
<Content>Definately worth the money. Definately worth the money we paid, we've just come back from a week at the park shore, even though the rooms were a little small they were fine for what we needed, i mean who go's on holidays to spend the whole time in the room anyways? great location, staff were very friendly and helpful with any questions that we did ask and even if they weren't able to answer them for us would definately point us in the right direction to someone who could. we booked a city view room and when we walked out on the balcony had great views of the city and ocean which i wasn't expecting so all in all i had a great stay at the park shore and would not hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>atl_traveler80
<Content>Not impressed We rented three rooms at this hotel for two nights for a family trip. I really wanted a beach front hotel and this one was reasonably priced. I wasn't expecting luxury, but I was a little disappointed with the place. The rooms were fairly clean but in major need of updating. The hallways were very dirty. One of the people in our party found a large dead roach in his room.That said, the location is fantastic. Right across the street from the ocean. The hotel is at the end of the strip where all of the hotels are, so it is right next to a park. The staff was very friendly and nice.All in all, if money is very important to you this is probably a good deal. Just be prepared for some pretty serious shortcomings. I think next time we will either pay a little bit more for a nicer hotel, or just be willing to stay a few blocks from the beach.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	2	4	4	2	

<Author>Jin40
<Content>Great Location But..... We just got back from 5 days in Waikiki and our stay at the Park Shore . We have no real complaints other than the rugs in the hall and elevator were old and stained and patched together with different types. We made a joke about it actually. We had an ocean front room and it was tiny with two double beds in it and we had requested at least a queensize. It was very noisy at night because of Lulu's bar and grill , they close at 3 am on weekends.The redeeming factor was the stunning views and the great location. I would stay here again but just know what to expect.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	5	3	-1	

<Author>AzC0uple
<Content>Never again All I can say is that you get what you pay for. I would recommend spending a few hundred bucks to stay somewhere else. We figured that since we wouldn;t be spending much time inside of the hotel that it would be ok, boy where we wrong! The place is dirty with stained carpets. The cable on t.v. cuts out internmittenly. Door wouldn't shut properly and when housekeeping left our door was open, luckily nothing was stolen. Rooms aren't as small as eveyone says but i'm basing that on a recent trip to NYC. Shower water was too hot or too cold not much of an in between. Was going to take a bath and trying to get the drain to plug and ended up pulling it out and long black hairs came out, my gf is blonde! Mold in the shower. Wallpaper was peeling off could use new paint. Bed very uncomfortable. No fitted sheet on bed just a loose sheet covering thier idea of a pillow top (this was nothing but a blanket folded over). Side window didn't open. No chairs on lanai. View decent for city view room, just make sure you are in the back corner, we had views of diamondhead and beach. Fridge was on lowest setting and still froze all drinks in a matter of 3 hours. Location was great, right across from beach end of the strip.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	4	3	1	

<Author>LeTiger13
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Park Shore My girlfriend and I just got back from our 5 night stay at the Park Shore. We booked directly online with the hotel for $89 per night for a city view room. We arrived at the hotel just after 3pm and were greeted warmly by the friendly and helpful front desk staff. We inquired about upgrading to a poolside room and she informed us that we could for $20 per night so we went for it. Online it was $30 more, so she gave us a bit of a deal.The poolside room was pretty large, and very clean. The bathroom had lots of counterspace and was also very clean. Having the poolside room was great!! When you didn't feel like packing up all your stuff and heading to the beach, but you still wanted to get some sun, all you had to do was slide open the glass door and there you were. If you got too hot or wanted a cold drink, all you had to do was walk ten feet and into your nice cool room. The pool got sun from sunrise to sunset, so it's perfect place to tan at any time of day. We actually tanned at the pool more than we did at the beach due to the convenience and comfort of having your room right there!!! An added bonus, was at night the pooldeck is closed to everyone but you, and you could have drinks out there and walk over to the railing to watch all the action on the street down below. We even went late night swimming a couple of times!!!The hotel is in a very convenient location, right at the end of the main steet and across from the beach. You are only 4 blocks from the heart of Waikiki and all the shops. Attached to the hotel is an ABC store, Starbucks, Surfshop and Lulu's restaurant that turns into a busy nightclub on Friday and Saturday night. On the same block there is a Subway, Coldstone Creamery (best ice cream ever) and a Wolfgang Puck Express (best BBQ pizza ever!). The view of Diamond head and the park is great too. We rented a car for our whole trip since we wanted to shop and go to the North Shore. The hotel has valet parking for $20 per day. A bit steep but very convenient. Simply pull up and out you go, no having to circle the garage to look for a spot. This hotel exceeded all our expectations by a mile. We had a great time and are already planning a return to Waikiki and we will definitely be staying in a poolside room at the Park Shore. There is not a better value in all of Waikiki!!!  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lady_luck206
<Content>Horrible hotel!!!!!!!!! This hotel is 180 degrees in the opposite direction from what their website offers. The rooms are not cleaned, the carpet and drapes are filthy, there are cigarette holes in the bed spread and curtains, there was MOLD on the ceiling in the shower and around the outside of the sink lining, the list goes on and on. The rooms are tiny and the walls are paper thin, there were two of us staying in this room and with one other person over, talking in a normal tone, we had security come up and threaten to kick us out if we didn't quiet down. The partial ocean view is only visable if you walk out onto your 1 1/2 foot balcony and lean waaaay over the edge. We specifically requested two beds and got only one, when we called down to the front desk they rudely barked that this is the only room they have and double beds are sold out. The front desk staff is terrible, they are not willing to help with anything and it took them two days to bring up extra towels. They are curt and rude with every request. The lobby is outdated and the carpets are stained, the furniture is scarce. It takes about 10-15 minutes for the elevator to come and when it does it is so packed you have to wait for the next one anyway, and it's filthy. You are charged for the free coffee, charged daily to use your safe, charged for everything. The sticker on the phone stating outgoing calls are 1$... my 3 minute voicemail was 12$. You also have to call the front desk to connect you to room voicemails... and I had to sit through 5 other messages from previous occupants before I even got to mine. This hotel is AWEFUL!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>lgrn22
<Content>loved waikiki Me and a friend went down to Waikiki from New york to see the Kokua festival! We arrived on friday afternoon at 330, our room was ready and neat. We requested 2 double beds but only got a king, which was fine b/c we are both little. The hotel is right across the street from the beach. It has a small pool but not many people are usually there so it is a good alternative to the beach for a while. The strip in waikiki is within walking distance where there are shops and restaurants. It is a really beautiful city. We went snorkeling on the outrigger which was awesome, we saw huge sea turtles. The rooms are a little small b/c they put a huge tv stand which isnt needed, but its ok I dont go on vacation to sit in the room, it was clean and the water pressure was good thats all i care about. The views are just amazing from any point on the island. The hotel has balconies in each room. There are ABC stores everywhere, and if you go it will become a running joke on how many are within a 2 block radius. We had to extend our stay and they only gave us an extra hour, so for $20 we got an extra two hours to shower before our flight. But everything was awesome, will plan on coming back next year. I will post pictures when I get them up! :)  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>walt2810
<Content>Great location fo rthe price, Room was small like NYC hotels!! I knew going in that the Park Shore was not a 5 star resort. My wife  I stayed there for 5 nights in April and the location was great. Yes the room can use a fresh coat of paint but it appeared clean. We had maid service every day  everything was fine, the staff was friendly. We can walk every where on Waikiki since it located across the street from the beach. Easy for runners, woke up every morning  ran along the beach. Parking was valet only for $20/night but after the first night I parked on the street by the zoo and no problems. Paid $85/night but we were out all day  just came back to the the room at night for a nice hot shower  sleep. Our room was small but we just came back from Europe so we were still accomodating to small rooms. The Park Shore has larger rooms  suites with ocean views. We had partial ocean view on the balcony.If all you need is a place to sleep then this place will do. If you want fancy you will need to go to the resort hotels  $$$.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Greater-White-North
<Content>Good Dollar Value       Pool from lanai  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>travelingmom5
<Content>Great location but not-so-great hotel My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 7 nights in Feb. It was a business trip for him, and we didn't want to go over the companies allowable amount for hotel charges. The location and views were AWESOME- across the street from the beach, walking distance to the aquarium and zoo, and walking distance to all the great shopping on the Waikiki strip. It was so cool to see views of Diamond Head and the beach every day from our balcony. The valet parking guys really did a great job getting our car in and out multiple times a day, and there was never a long wait. There is no parking lot here; valet parking is your only choice. The hotel itself is a little old in comparison to a lot of the newer ones at Waikiki and is in need of some basic freshening up. The walls need to be painted, the carpet needs to be replaced. The room was not the cleanest I've seen either; we never saw any bugs but you just didn't get the feeling that the room was cleaned well since the last check-out. It was also very small, had no luggage rack or dresser. Only a small table, bed, nightstands, and a TV cabinet w/ mini-fridge. We only went in the pool one day, and it was clean but the water was freezing. Overall we had a beautiful vacation at Waikiki, would definitely go back, but would probably not stay at the Park Shore. If you're on a budget though and don't mind staying in an older property without frills, this is the place for you!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>heather29
<Content>... OK..... This hotel was just ok. Our ocean View' consisted of standing on the balcony, and cranining your neck all the way to the right to see a little piece of ocean. I was glad that I was only there one night. It was dingy is the word. But, ok for just a place to sleep.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>bgriffis
<Content>It was ok for just staying one night This hotel is set in a good location of Waikiki. The hotel wasn't bad, but I wouldn't stay there more than one night. The bed was probably one of the most uncomfortable ones I'd slept in ever. When my wife and I got up the next morning, our backs were pretty sore. I would highly recommend paying the extra money, and staying at the Marriott that is right at the next street corner over. Again, this wasn't a bad room at all. It was a little small, but not too bad. It has good views, it's pretty clean in the room, but the halls and elevators could use some touching up. Overall, I would rate this 3/5.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>daggy61
<Content>good time Just returned from 12 days at Park Shore my wife and i thought it was terrific. We stayed in room 415 a little smaller than expected but it was clean had a nice balcony with lovely views of Diamond Head and of the beach. We were a bit miffed we had to wait until 3.15pm to check-in given i had requested early check-in as we arrived from australia at 9.30am. One complaint i had was tye lack of help from certain front desk staff not including Lawrence could not have more helpful and friendly. Did some tours when there loved the circle island tour as well as helicopter flight, thought Waikele Outlets were overrated and Pearl Harbour tour was very good. Overall we had a great time if we ever go back would certaianly stay at Park Shore.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>xxSEAxx
<Content>Great view, good location, fair price We just returned from 7 nights at the Park Shore. We had an ocean view room which was on the 17th floor. We had a perfect view of Diamond Head, as well as Waikiki beach. The hotel is in a good location at the end of the beach where you can walk to just about everything. Overall we feel that we got what we paid for.The room itself was smaller, but adequately sized. It did have a mini fridge which was nice. The balcony was great - spacious and not too much sun. There is also free wifi in the lobby and at the pool deck. The staff is friendly. The valet staff always got our car quickly. They do charge $20 a day for parking, and valet is the only parking they have. A few things which we didn't care for:1) The hotel itself could use fresh paint and carpeting in the common areas. The elevators were filthy, and the walls and doors in the hallway are all dirty, scraped, and in need of paint.2) The room itself also wasn't very clean. The bedding was fine, however the tile in the shower was absolutely filthy. It looked like it hadn't been cleaned with bleach or tilex in quite some time. A quick peek on top of the TV armoire showed that it looked like it had never been cleaned up there.3) There is an in room safe, however the hotel wants to charge you $4 per day to use it. Completely cheesy IMO considering their wesite mentions an in room safe with no mention of it being an add on.4) The room lacked some basics that I assumed it would have - no bathtub, no dresser, no luggage stand.5) While the hotel is non-smoking, people were smoking on their balconies (including pot.) The hotel was polite when I complained, however did nothing to stop anyone from smoking. In all fairness, it was spring break, so this may have been part of the problem.6) The air conditioning in the room was very weak to say the least. It was basically the equivilant of having a very low fan on. It didn't cool the room at all. Just another sign how dated and in need of renovation the hotel is. We had maintenance come to look at it, and they said it was functioning normally.Overall, I would probably give this hotel 2 out of 5 on the scale, but I am giving it a 3 because the view was so great. Honestly I'm not sure I would stay here again if I was going for a week. For a weekend, maybe.We did talk to other hotel guests who had stayed at the hotel before, and I must say that everyone we talked to said they loved it and many always stay there.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	4	3	3	

<Author>elliottsonpender
<Content>Good place to stay       front entrance to Park Shore  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>wildarieschild
<Content>Things I wish I had known ahead of time... The location and views could not be beat and the price was really affordable. However, we did experience a few problems that I wished we had known about before we went. First, make sure you request a room without an ajoining door to the room next door. You can hear EVERYTHING that anyone next door says which makes it really hard to enjoy yourself. Even quiet conversations sound like they are taking place in your own room. There is definitely no privacy there. In addition, the air conditioners are non-existent. They do not cool down the room even slightly. These rooms would be UNBAREABLE in the summer heat. We went in January and almost couldn't stand it. You get a slight breeze slightly at certain times of the day when the windows are open, but that's it. And finally, there is a huge moth problem in the hallways and elevators. The staff keeps all doors to the outside landings open (for air?) but it allows TONS of moths to get and stay inside. They are EVERYWHERE. If you go at a cooler time of year and get a room with no adjoining door, you will probably really love this hotel. The rooms are small but comfy and the views (from ocean/diamond head view rooms) are truly spectacular. The location was great too. But if it's HOT, look elsewhere. Also, don't borrow the beach towels they offer. They are TINY bath towels.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>floridaflamingos
<Content>Run Down I have stayed at hotels everywhere, from luxury to dumps. This hotel had a great location, but the rooms are small, somewhat dirty, and run down. Ok for overnight, but would not stay for extended period.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	1	4	3	-1	

<Author>susyqxx
<Content>View is incrediable Me and my husband stayed in September for 5 days before heading to Kauai.We had the full ocean view, couldn`t ask for a better view of the ocean and Diamond head.Yes, the rooms are small, but the room is clean, elevators were fast....It`s all about location.Starbucks is just below just outside the lobby, also there is a wonderful restaurant on the main street.The ABC store is connected to the lobby.We used the valet service , they were great.We had arrived with 4 large suitcases, and never felt crowded in the room.On the way back to connect to our flight we had stayed at the Marriot just down the street., we paid 340.00 for one night there, and the Park Shore was less then half, with park shore having a better view, and never felt crowded there.No need to really rent a car to stay here, everything is in walking distance.Also we found it quiet at the Park Shore.Without a doubt we would stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>luyen
<Content>Modest, but good hotel As a first time visitor, traveling as a young couple this fit our budget well, coming out to about 100$/night for a the city-view room (+20$ per day for parking !).The hotel itself is on the older site, but overall clean, the city-view rooms are small, but is totally fine if you don't plan on hanging out in a hotel a lot.Staff is courteous, and even though on the map, it's on the fringe of the Wakiki strip, everything is within walking distance, and there's the zoo just a doorstep away, which is great for kids.Overall, this is a really good find, right across the beach, if you don't want to blow 150$+ a night on a room, i'd recommend this place. It was also very quiet.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>GreatDaneDanmark
<Content>Park Shore Still a good choice !!       Sunset View from our Lanai on 7th floor  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>necessity270
<Content>Good Hotel, Amazing Location and Views! My husband and I stayed at the Park Shore for 4 nights at the end of December and stayed in a Partial Ocean View Room. The view was AMAZING for what we paid. The lanai did have the partial view of the ocean but the window right next to the bed had a full view of it. We were there for New Years Eve and were figuring out where we could go to see the fireworks on Waikiki Beach. Well all we had to do was sit up in bed and look out the window. It was fantastic. The room otherwise was ok. We had a handicap accessable room for some reason which meant that the majority of the room was made available for easy access and taken away from storage. The closet was a cabinet shared with the TV and there was little room. The bathroom didn't have any cabinets, only a small metal shelf that was short and close to the floor. This was tricky considering we were packed for 2 weeks of traveling as Honolulu was only a stop over on our way to Samoa. In addition we arrived to a leaky ceiling in the bathroom. Maintenance arrived with in a reasonable amount of time but when we asked if it was fixed the man replied 'for maybe 2 days'. It took a little effort to get extra towels, pillows and toilet paper and my husband had to go downstairs to the front desk to get what we needed.The staff was wonderful, friendly and helpful. Over the 4 nights we were there we had 3 different cars and the bell desk was accomodating with the changes. The location in relation to the rest of Waikiki Beach was convenient and it was a short walk to the beach, although it's not close to a beach that isn't confined. It was a bit of a walk to get to where the water and beach was open. I don't think we will return to Waikiki Beach because it was a little too busy and touristy for our taste, but if we did we would definately stay at Park Shore again!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>SRKC
<Content>Good service...clean rooms...would stay again!       view of suite from doorway  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Arctic_Daisy
<Content>Old Hotel - Great Location! This hotel is in a great location towards the end of Waikiki. We rented a car and had a very difficult time finding the hotel. The signage is small. The staff were very friendly, and accommodating. The room was a great price and located right at the pool - that is the best aspect of the hotel. I would stay there again, just for the poolside room. The hotel is old, the carpets are stained, and it needs fresh paint. Don't expect top of the line hotel, as the price is right, it is safe, and the service was great, and is in a fantastic location. If you have a small child that will be spending time on the floor, you may want to pay more for a higher priced hotel.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>carajano
<Content>Budget for sure... This hotel is definitely a budget hotel. It has a great location and the most beautiful views. On one side Diamond Head and Honolulu Zoo, Waikiki beach on the other. It is walking distance to everything but...The rooms are teeny and a little dated. They don't look at all like the website. I will say that I knew not to expect too much and to be honest, if you are on a low budget you could do a lot worse. It's ok, TV, AC fresh towels and a great location.The cafe/bar is great fun too and there is an ABC store and Starbucks joined onto the hotel!!!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>farmersdaughter83
<Content>Hawaii's best kept secret! I have been going to Hawaii almost every year since i was 4 years old (now 20) and have stayed in many of Honolulu's hotels. five years ago our family of seven stayed at the Park Shore, was extremly impressed and have stayed there ever since!! not only are the staff willing to go to the ends of the earth to please you, but they are not pushy and annoying while doing it. the rooms are very crisp, clean and inviting. the views that the rooms have, make it hard to believe that there is anywhere else in the world you'd rather be!! even though this last trip was a short one ( 8 days) i still found my self wanting to stay in the room instead of the beach! the location is one in a million, quiet, close to the zoo (which is amazing!!), seconds from the main street, and litterally right across from the perfect spot on the beach!!! they got it all - Location Location Location!!!A special thak you to Frank (the Manager) you pushed my rating from above average to EXCELLENT!!!I hope to see you next year!!!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>mishmashAJ
<Content>Disappointing- ONLY has the view  I wanted to try  save some money on the lodging for our 2 week Hawaii vacation. After reviewing the great tripadvisor reviews of this hotel, I felt confident enough to book this hotel. The hotel is at the end of the extremely busy main strip but it isn't that quiet because the buses are turning the corner until late at night. The Lobby looks great. The front desk guy said oh you have the 'suite'... I don't get to check people in for that often. I told him it wasn't that much more and asked if it was nice and he said it was the 'shebang' of all the rooms. He probably shouldn't have gotten our hopes up. After exiting the elevator on the 15th floor, the hallways were more of a poor income type apt building. White scuffed walls, the bottom of the room doors were chipped, stains on the carpet, etc. When we got into our room (we reserved the Diamond Head Suite), the room was extremely crowded  after seeing the other rooms (I'll explain how we saw the other rooms later), it's appears to be the same size room but they added in a couch  table. The TV is perpendicular to the bed ( couch too) so you can't watch TV in bed. The air conditining was terrible so i was hot while we were trying to sleep. The room doors have about a 2 inch gap and it's a small pile carpeting so you can hear everything that goes on in the hallways (including the thin walls). I went outside on the balcony at 1 a.m. because it was colder outside than in our room (but humid) and as i looked to the left, there was another guest standing naked at his balcony door (UGH). About 2 hrs later, I heard knocking in the hallways of another hotel room door, i went outside to ask them what the problem was because there was obviously no one in the room and when i opened the door, there was a younger guy (20's) completely naked drunk in the hallway knocking on his buddy's door. It seems more of a party hotel where ALL you want is just a place to sleep. The next morning we asked them to fix our air conditoning sometime during the day (we were driving to the north shore). 6 hours later we got back  asked if it was fixed and she wasn't sure  told us to go to our room  call her if it isn't fixed. We went to our room, it wasn't fixed and to make a looooonnnnng story short, they couldn't fix our air conditioning  they had 'no other suites' to offer us so they asked us if we wanted to check out the other rooms and after checking out 2 other rooms, they both had terrible air conditioning (one of the rooms was ajoining to the naked guys room - what are the chances??). So they allowed us to cancel our reservation for the remaining 2 nights  we went next door to the Resort Quest (literally next door). We asked what they had available  they gave us a partial ocean room for $211 a night! It seems you get better deals by just walking in  asking since they are trying to fill their empty rooms. Yes, the Park Shore is in a good location  has awesome views, but i would only recommend it if you don't care at all about the room you have. I noticed now that most of the reviews are just bragging about the view  location and now I see why. This is the first time I've ever actually changed hotels vs just sticking it out.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	5	1	4	2	2	

<Author>OCDaddy1958
<Content>Business Traveler to HNL As an occasional business traveler to Honolulu, the property more than meets the Biz Travel Criteria: Decent bedding, decent Shower Pressure, convenient location, and quick access to Starbucks; In fact the Starbucks is attached to the property.I've tried to stay at different properties in Waikiki just to try my luck. The Park Shore isn't always $100 per night, but on occasion you can catch a deal, which I did. This is now the only property I've repeated a stay with, so that tells you something right there. Two years ago, my first stay, it was self parking, this time more expensive ($20/nt) but it is 24hr Valet, and there very prompt. The location is of course, fantastic as it's right across from the beach, and the LuLu's is therefore  Meal with a view . LuLu's for Brkfst was actually very good, I recommend it. Again, for around $100/nt, this is about as good as it'll get in Waikiki. By the way, to get free wireless internet, you have to be in the lobby... so go 'tuff it out, get a Late' in the early AM, and catch up on your e-mails with the lovely view out the floor to ceiling glass fronting the property. It ain't a bad life, you know what I'm sayin' here?  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>kmilti
<Content>Loved Park Shore!       Room 1712 from door entry  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lindsayBrooklyn
<Content>Nice room, fair customer service This hotel was recommended by a friend who stayed there. I read reviews and saw the comments on the size of the rooms. We had a king bed, city view room and there was plenty of space. The reviewers who said small must never have stayed at an NYC hotel. We stayed a week and the room was kept very clean. The location is decent. It's at the end of a strip of hotels and shops, but within easy walking distance to things and the beach is right out front. For the price, I would highly recommend it. I'd stay there again. What would have made it a wholly positive experience is if the front desk was more helpful. I called a week in advance asking about an airport shuttle and the girl said they had a free one. When we landed and I called, they said they dont have a shuttle and we had to pay to get to waikiki. The person on the phone made no apology for me being given wrong info. Throughout the week, the front desk was accommodating, but they did not go out of their way. It felt like I was bothering them. I may just be spoiled, but I like being taken care of and rely on hotel reps to help with local info.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	3	2	5	

<Author>brittish426
<Content>Doubtful I'd return I stayed at the Park Shore 2 times in the last year.My first trip, I went alone and was looking for a safe place in a convenient location. I booked City View room  got what I paid for...They offered plenty of toiletries and I had lots of space - both in the room, bathroom, and closet. The condition of the room was fine.. it was clean, although I did opt to shower with flip flops on.My second stay, I went with friends, and we upgraded to an Oceanfront Room. Well, I was disappointed by the fact it wasn't truly an Oceanfront Room. The balcony that faced the ocean didn't even open... it was just for show... The view of Diamond Head and daily sunrises was nice, though. The room was smaller than the previous one I had stayed in, which was weird... and the bathroom was so tiny. We couldn't even put all of our toiletries in there because there wasn't enough space. The toilet was rusted... and when we checked in, there was still stuff from the previous guest left there [bathingsuits still hanging up in the bathroom...] I was also disappointed they stopped giving out bath  body works bath products.The location is really ideal, and the price you pay can't be beat. Suggestions would be to actually have true beach towels instead of bath towels.Hotel staff could use some major improvements; with the exception of Lawrence - what a fantastic employee!! I really can't say enough good things about him!I'd be hesitant to stay here again, it'd really depend on who I was going with  how much my fellow travelers are willing to spend. This is NOT the place to go to if you are looking for luxury  loads of amenities and perks.Lulu's - Mike, the manager is wonderful. The food is good, but limited. Hans' surf shop is fantastic! Everyone who works there is really great  helpful. Very friendly and a lot of fun. ABC shop is incredibly convenient and has everything you could need.Take the bus for $2 to Diamond head  pay $1 to climb it. Go earlier in the morning to avoid heat. If you're just looking to see part of the island, take the free shuttle to Hilo Hattie.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	2	1	1	

<Author>slj
<Content>2nd stay, still love it!       Diamond Head from our room  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bahamamama43
<Content>Loved this hotel for the money!!!! We stayed for 8 nights, the week of Halloween. We had an ocean view room (views of Diamond Head  ocean from lanai, and view of the ocean toward (Royal Hawaiian area) out the window. The staff were very nice.(Sure, the hallway walls were kind of scuffed up, and could use paint.But, it was a decent hotel. Our room (#707 was on the end, so you could see both directions) had newer carpet, nice paint, nice curtains, bedspread  furniture. (This room must have been remodeled). We LOVED the location. Went across the street to beach daily, with ABC store in hotel, 2 restaurants. Lulu's 24 hrs open, great food, younger crowd/sports bar, has live bands. Fun atmosphere. We couldnt have found a nicer motel, for this price. I went with my 24 yr old daughter, and we both loved the place. It's nicer than a Motel6, we'd rather spend our money buying things, going places, having fun; than on a motel room. This place was exactly what we wanted. :) Thanks!!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>wedgie78
<Content>Ok Resort       view from balcony on 5th floor  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	3	3	

<Author>pistolgrey
<Content>Excellent Hotel       Partial Ocean View from Park Shore Waikiki room  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>SoulSurferHB
<Content>Best location in Waikiki; City View = Partial Ocean View We went to Oahu in mid-October (which I think is the best time of year to go). Park Shore's location is awesome because it's close to everything Waikiki, yet away from being surrounded by tall buildings and city noise. It's at the end of all the Waikiki hotels, on a corner, across from the beach and Kapiolani Park and Honolulu Zoo. We arrived way early and the staff was able to hold our luggage in a storage room until our room was ready. The same happened at check-out because our flight was late at night. The staff also let us use the hotel restrooms if we needed to change our clothes. An ABC store, restaurant, and Starbucks are all at the hotel. We requested a City View room, and got a partial view of the ocean (I think all the rooms have some sort of ocean view). However, the room is pretty small (I heard about 260 sq ft), but it was enough for all of us (3) because we spent most of our time outdoors. So don't stay here if you want a big room. You'll probably end up making some lame review complaining about how small it was and say that you checked out early and went to another hotel (ha!). The room had two small closets, coffee maker (with free Hawaiian coffee), small fridge, cable TV, a Lanai, safe, iron w/board, hairdryer, and a shower/tub. It was the best value for the little money we had. We'll definitely stay at Park Shore again when we come back to Waikiki. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention that this hotel has free surfboard storage, short or long. Very important for the surfer(s) in your family.Oahu Tips: Rent a car if you're gonna explore the island, like the North Shore or the Windward side. If you use the bus, you'll be wasting your time at the stops. Using the bus is ok only if you're gonna stay just in the Waikiki/Honolulu area. You must try Malasadas (Portuguese doughnuts) at Leonard's on Kapahulu (try the Haupia cream-filled ones, they're awesome!). Also, on Kapahulu is the Rainbow Drive-In restaurant. They have a bunch of Hawaiian plate lunches to choose from and they're very generous with their food. Their LocoMoco is soooo good. Also, when you're in the North Shore, you must eat at Mackey's Shrimp Truck and try one of their delicious shrimp plates. The shrimp are huge (they catch it fresh from the North Shore) and they are really generous with their food. Also, try LL's in Haleiwa. They are really really generous with their plate lunches. Try the Deluxe Spam Musubi at any 7-eleven for a really good quick snack (sorry, I'm a food person). Bring insect repellent; the mosquitos here bite hard and you'll be itching for days. Go to Shark's Cove in the North Shore for good snorkeling and Turtle Beach to see sea turtles upclose (you gotta climb the rocks and go to the tide pools to check them out). Lastly, you gotta go to the Farmer's Market at Kapiolani Community College on Saturday to sample a lot of different Hawaiian flavors, like Guava Butter (yum!).  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>spurg
<Content>Great Diamond Head View       1820  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>osakajojo
<Content>Great Location, Great Price! If you prefer low price, seconds away from the beach and park, and a nice view from your lanai, then I highly recommend Park Shore. If you prefer georgeous rooms with great service, then I wouldn't recommend Park Shore.I believe the saying goes You get what you pay for Well, it depends how you look at it- if you were paying for the close proximity to the beach and breathtaking view of the ocean from your bed, then I think I got more than what I paid for for the 10th floor partial view room for only 85 dollars a night.If I ignore the fact that the beach is across the street, then I would say that the saying is true- Our family had 4 rooms- each would have simple problems but no big deal- our room- 1019 was really small (though coming from Japan, and after reading reviews stating the size, I didn't mind it), it only had a shower, and the floors were not so clean. Let's just say on the first day I didn't want to take my shoes off to walk on the carpet, but by the end of the week I was walking around all four rooms and the hallways barefoot. Oh, and when we arrived, one of the lamps had a busted light bulb, and another one busted when I turned it on, giving us all a bit of a jump! Oh, and the one bag of coffee a day seems to only be replaced with a new bag if you use the mugs. (I tried hiding the bag and the sugar and cream on the one day we didn't have coffee, in hopes that when the maid cleaned the room she would give us a new one, only to find later that she didn't---and on another day, my father gave the coffee from his room to my grandfather's room, then didn't get new coffee in his room the next day.) Room 1021 was fine- great view!!! missing one of the doors that hide the tv and fridge. Oh- it had a bathtub but you had to keed the water trickle out otherwise it sounded like a cat was crying!Room 1019 had a nice view too- and a bathtub-and had both the doors that hide the tv but one of them was broken! And the cord to the phone had to be replaced because the plastic thingy that hooks the receiver to the phone was broken off.Room 1007 had a full view of Diamond Head and the beach, though more expensive. In my opinion, the view from the partial view rooms were just as great, just no Diamond head from lanai seen, though easy enough to see from front door! No complaints were reported to me from my brother who stayed there except that he didn't get the big pillow that the other rooms had and when he called to ask for one, they forgot to bring it to him, but the next day, he called again and they brought it right away.All in all, it was a wonderful time for the price we paid.All in all- my family and I had a great time  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	3	2	3	

<Author>demskyr
<Content>Hidden Treasure! When my wife and I were planning our Honeymoon, the first place we thought of was Hawaii, of course. My wife had already been twice, but this would be my first trip to the islands.We researched for months, looking at every hotel, flight, activity and combinations.Finally, I found the Park Shore on travel-hawaii.com. At this time, in 2005, Park Shore's website was almost non-existant. Travel-hawaii.com got me a DEAL on this great hotel. $97.50 a night! And this is for a Partial Ocean View room, which is now around $200/night.Even at today's rates, I would highly recommend this hotel. It is on the end of a stretch of hotels, so one side is facing a lovely park, with a great view of Diamond Head.It is directly across from a beach that is wave proof. (The sea is blocked off so there aren't any big waves.) And a beach that used to show movies on Friday nights on a huge screen. I think they still do in the summertime. My wife and I got to sit on this beautiful beach and watch Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory.The Park Shore has a pool and sundeck, but why waste your time there when you are 15 seconds away from the beach? We were there in August, and it was not even close to crowed on this end. We had our choice of spots on the beach.Also, if you are interested. It is a short walk into the main strip, but far enough away that the noise is of no issue at all.Just a tip. Lulu's Surf Club is attached to the hotel, and it has seats that face the ocean, plus they serve the greatest breakfast!Thumbs up to Park Shore!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>darways
<Content>Best kept secret in Waikiki My husband and I just returned from a wonderful vacation in Hawaii. In our opinion, The Park Shore is the best kept secret in Waikiki. Yes the room is very small and yes it is a little run down and needs updated but it was very clean. The price was quite less than any other hotel in Waikiki and location location location!! The hotel is the last hotel on the strip. You can walk to everything. You are next to the Zoo, the Aquarium is down the street and close to Diaamond Head and the beach is right across the street. The views from the room are spectacular-Diamond Head/park to the left and Waikiki Beach to the right. The staff/valet were very friendly and helpful. Had excellant maid service everyday. LuLu's Surf Restrant is located on the second floor and also had wonderful views of the beach. The food is American/Hawaiian and is the best place to eat, reasonably priced and very large portions. The service was excellant. We have never recieved better service from any other resturant. We ate there most days. The breakfast was the best- try the banana macadamia nut pancakes-awesome! An ABC Store is connected to the the lobby and carries everything from food to souveniers. There is also a travel desk in the lobby we used to book our activities/tours. We wouldn't think of staying anywhere else!!!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>skyskitom
<Content>Awesome! My boyfriend  I just got back from another awesome vacation in Hawaii, (twice this year). Both times staying in Honolulu (Waikiki Beach)  at the Park Shore Hotel. The location, friendly staff  cleanliness is unbelievable for the price. Each time we stayed in a partial ocean view room, located on the 17th floor or higher. The view of Diamond Head, sounds of Kapiulani Park  the animals in the Zoo are unforgettable. Not to mention the view of the beach  Pacific ocean. This hotel is not for those who require a great pool, access to a gym  spa, plush accomodations  room service. This hotel is for those with a car who want easy access in  out of Waikiki, great location  some down time.Yes, the hotel could use some upgrades but for the price  location it's the best. I wouldn't stay anywhere else in Waikiki. In fact I'm not sure there's another hotel on an other island comparable! Thank you, Park Shore Waikiki for another great trip!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>HawaiiTom
<Content>Best location in Waikiki This was my second stay at the Park Shore, and it will be my hotel on my next trip to Oahu. The location is by far the best you can find near Waikiki. Being the last hotel on the strip provides for unobstructed views of Diamond Head, the ocean and Kapiolani Park. It's location also makes it easy to get in and out of without having to deal with the traffic, one way streets and the crowds of Waikiki.The view from the rooms are unmatched and we found ourselves spending a lot of our time on the lanai, reading, relaxing, having meals and just enjoying the scenery. We actually set up the video camera and let it record for a half an hour so we can relive it on the big screen at home.The rooms could use some redecorating but they're clean and the staff goes out of their way to make you comfortable. I personally don't go to Hawaii to be in a roomThe room rates make the Park Shore the best value you can find anywhere in Hawaii. You can find nicer rooms with fancy lobbies and 5 star restaurants,but you'll pay a lot more and will never get as nice of a view. There are two ABC stores adjacent to the hotel to keep you supplied with anything you need, a Starbucks at the entrance and a great open air bar and grill (Lulu's) on the second floor overlooking the beach with awesome sunsets. Across the street is a huge uncrowded white sand beach with nice tree shaded grass areas to set up camp for the day. It also features several vollyball courts, it's a great place to snorkle, ride some waves or just get a tan. It also has a jetty stretching about 100 yards out into the ocean with a gazebo on the end that offers a spectacular place to watch the sun set. When I've stayed at other hotels in Waikiki, I've walked to this beach to get away from the masses of people.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>lcuravoo
<Content>Park Shore a Good Deal       View of ocean from our hotel balcony  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	5	

<Author>RandRAtlanta
<Content>Would not recommend this hotel Made reservations because of the write up and pictures of the hotel, on their website. This just goes to show you, because of what is displayed on the web. The write up and the pictures, did not add up. There were many RED flags even before entering our hotel room. 1) the lobby was not impressive 2) the elevators were smelly and dirty 3) we stayed on the 15th floor, so when the elevator door opened, once again the hallway carpet was dirty, smelly and was not impressive4) our room did not look like any of the pictures on their website.5) although we had an ocean and Diamond Head view from the 15th floor, the room was small, smelly, dirty carpet and the AC was too loud, for sleeping.6) there was a safe in our room for $2.00 a day, but we still did not feel safe leaving our belongings in the room.The next morning we checked out of the hotel. If we were going to pay over $1,000.00 for 4-5 nights, we wanted to feel comfortable and safe, which this hotel lacks.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>mecornb
<Content>Nice hotel, good location This was a nice hotel, clean and close to the beach and the main strip. Don't be fooled by the images that you see on their website though, the pictures there makes the room look like a 5 star hotel. Yes the rooms are nice but not THAT nice! The pool is on the 5th floor and unfortunately not facing the water, but then again who honestly wants to hang at the pool when you have the gorgeous Waikiki beach just a few minutes walk away. They have central air which was nice. We were 4 adults traveling so they gave us a one bedroom hotel room with 2 beds in one room and a sofa bed. The sofa bed was actually quite comfortable, i've slept on worse.For the price you pay this is a really great deal, yes it is not on the beach but most of the rooms will have stunning views of the beach and Diamond Head.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Elizma
<Content>It's affordable for a reason       TV and Mini Fridge underneath  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Himes2048
<Content>Great location My husband and I just returned from our 8 day trip to Hawaii. I too was very hesitant after I booked reservations and read some reviews. I had an ocean view room and it over looked Diamond Head and part of the ocean. The room was clean, I had air conditioning that worked very well being set on 80 degrees at low. The staff was very pleasant and informative. I had clean sheets, (no stains either) towels, wash cloths and garbage taken out every day. The bathroom was clean and free of any mold, no bugs and yes the carpet had some stains but who cares I wasn't sleeping on the floor. The ABC store on first level was convenient and Lu Lu's had a great breakfast menu and plenty for the money. I was closer to the beach then some of those high priced hotels. I even had a shorter walking distance to Diamond Head that saved me from having to pay someone to get me there. I was in Hawaii to have fun and site see not to sit in a high price hotel and twiddle my thumbs. I also wanted to be able to walk out and go to the beach and at this hotel I was able to do that and it was at a very reasonable price too. I would tell anybody to go for it. If you have no intentions on staying in your room the whole time then this is a perfect reasonable place.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bdecicca
<Content>Perfect Vacation! After making our reservations at the Park Shore for our 'second honeymoon,' I read the reviews on this website. There were some that concerned me enough that I almost canceled our reservations at this hotel. I am so glad that I trusted my instinct and did not pay attention to what some people wrote about the Park Shore. We stayed in a Diamond Head Suite, for 10 days, and were very pleased with the room. The view was incredible, exactly like the picture they have on their website. It was an unobstructed view of Diamond Head and of the beach and the Pacific. At night, the moon light on the water was very romantic! Also, the room looked exactly the same as depicted on the website. So many times, there are great pictures, but the real thing doesn't resemble the pictures, right??We managed to get a good deal, in my opinion, too, with the AAA rate. Our lanai was actually double the size of the other rooms' lanais. The room was generous in size, with a love seat (sofa bed). The King sized bed was very comfortable, as were the pillows, and there were plenty of pillows.There was more than enough closet and drawer space. All of the staff that we dealt with were very pleasant, and very accommodating. Nosi, at the Aloha VIP desk, was helpful with plans for some of the tours, giving us very useful insight to them. She gave us some tips that only the residents would know, like which bus would take us the closest to the entrance for Diamond Head, and how to do the Pearl Harbor Memorial tour for a better rprice. Paul and Chris at the front desk were very pleasant. And, there were others, but I can't remember their names. Sorry.The location was perfect, for us. On one side was the activity of Waikiki Beach, and on the other was a city park and the zoo. We could have a quiet walk around the park or the excitement of the main street on the beach...We made the most of everything!We spent hours walking through the city, even the lobbies of the more expensive hotels. You do not have to be a guest to experience those lobbies, or the nightly entertainment. It was, at most, a ten minute walk. We enjoyed sitting under the Banyan tree at the Moana Surfrider, or relaxing in the Hyatt Regency lobby after walking around the city. No matter what hotel you want to stay in, when you are making your arrangements, be sure that you know where your room will be located, what your view will be, etc. I heard people from some of the most expensive hotels complaining about their view. On some of the lower floors, basically you heard the street noises and your view might be the street or the lobby, or the building next door.For those who have never gone to Honolulu, there are ABC stores on every corner, at every hotel. They sell souvenirs, ready to eat food, groceries (we had a small refrigerator, a toaster and a microwave, plus dishes and silverware in the room, and the coffee maker), toiletries, and reading material. Everything that you would need or want...and the prices were not bad, considering it is a tourist town! Those stores were great!I would love to hear from people who are either going to Honolulu for the first time, or those who have been and want to share experiences!Oh...our weather was absolutely perfect the entire time...NO humidity, the trade winds were blowing all the time. I guess there are times when it can get humid, if the trade winds aren't blowing...We arrived the day before Flossie was supposed to hit the big island...Thankfully, it fizzled out before it hit land. We saw clouds on the horizon that morning that were from the hurricane, but that was all...I hope that all of you who go to Honolulu have as wonderful experience as we did. It was perfect!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>TRIP1856
<Content>stay away! We walked into the a small box (our room), the bathroom smelled like old wet rags, our sheets had mystery stains (not much of a mystery), the lobby has a sushi restaurants that smells like a trash can, the hotel itself is old and run down, when i asked the staff for directions they gave me the yellow pages so that I could figure it out!if you are planning on having a nice vacation stay some where else, hawaii hilton village is a great option.staying at the park shore is like staying at a motel.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>luisajoe
<Content>Great Location!! This hotel is without a doubt a 2 star hotel at a great location. I cannot say anything bad because you get what you pay for. Yes the room was extremely small and lacked amenities, however was made up by the fact that we had an unobstructed view of Waikiki Beach and Diamond Head on the 10th floor. We requested a room with two double beds and was put into a room with one double bed and provided with a roll-a-way bed. You could definely get a better room somewhere else, however not for a partial oceanview at $109 a night!! If you plan on renting a car be prepared to spend $20 a day to park. The convience of LuLu's restuarant on the 2nd floor is great. The first night we arrived it was pouring and it was good to just go downstairs and the prices are reasonable. Also the Japanese resturant had great sushi. I would recommend this hotel to anyone that is on a budget and flexible.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>brokenchain
<Content>View was worth the price of admission.       View from room 824 at the Park Shore.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>melindaclare
<Content>Rated 5.5 on 1-10 scale I will start with the pros 1. Across the street from Waikiki beach 2. Lulu's had a good breakfast and it was right upstairs and 3. The Honolulu zoo is right there. Cons 1. We reserved 2 double beds and on arrival they only had 1 king due to high season they did give us an ancient rollaway without charge to put inn our 9 foot by 11 extremely small room 2. Twenty dollars a day to park onsite 3.View from the 4th floor is the wall of the next hotel. 4. Mildew in the tub 5.The door is heavy and won't stay open. 6. Staff is not friendly. 7. Bugs in the room. The hotel is old and has not been updated, it is smaller then a Motel 6 room, it is good for the budget minded that don't care about the room as long as there is a bed. The king size bed was somewhat confortable.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	4	2	2	2	2	

<Author>marine6969
<Content>Worst Hotel I have ever stayed at This hotel did not live up to its pictures on their web site. We checked in on July 4, 2007 and checked out 2 hours later. The lobby was old and run down, then room had no air conditioner, the carpet and ammenities in the room were from the 1960's, the management was rude and charged us for a whole day even though we checked the first thing when we got there. There were teenagers everywhere and drinking all around the hotel. The hotel was dirty and not well kept. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>carbel
<Content>good location We had 4 nights at the hotel  the staff were friendly  helpful the rooms are a little on the small side but when on holidays you do not spend a lot of time sitting in your room.Easy walking distance to the beach, shops  food outlets.The hotel pool was good as was the area surounding pool  the outlook over Diamond Head  Waikaii Beach.If we stayed again we would check the price of an ocean view room.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>TonyandVickyS
<Content>More like a Backpackers Hostel than a hotel. Hotel is on the noisest corner in Waikiki, Rooms have old chipped paint, smelly drain fron sink, poor beds, not very impressed at all. The silly thing is that the view from the balcony was amazing!!! I believe the hotel is only suitable for surfers and young people.VickyandTonyPerthAustralia  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bendtsen1
<Content>Small but the view made up for it I went with my best friend and his father. We had an AMAZING view of the beach and diamond head from our balcony. Yes. The rooms are on the small side and the Air Conditioning didnt work well but the view made up for it. We all slept well...Until our last night there. We were scheduled to catch a plane on a Saturday morning. Friday night they held a wedding reception on the roof right next to the pool area and they played LOUD music ALL NIGHT LONG, until about 4 am. We called the hotel to see if anything could be done but obviously it was out of there hands. This was the only bad part of the hotel. Everything in the ABC store was very well priced and we had a wonderful time.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrittKT
<Content>Good Time, Worth the $$ I wasn't expecting too much from this hotel, however, I booked it because I was traveling alone  didn't want to stay in a total dump. It was good on my wallet  I felt pretty safe here. Overall, I stayed for 11 days.The location can't be beat - on the strip, but not in the center of it, so it is quiet at night yet you are able to enjoy everything about Waikiki. The restaurants are all great  the ABC store located in the hotel is ideal [they have lots of sales, stock up on waters  keep them in the fridge!] The Starbucks was great as well.The bed was HUGE and the room was clean. I did shower with my sandles on, but not because the tub was dirty...you could just tell that it was older. I did like the bath products [Bath  Body Works]Most of the hotel staff were really friendly; one woman needed a wee bit of an attitude adjustment, but then I just spoke with other staff during my stay. They could upgrade the pool/beach towels to actual poll/beach towels.Other than that, it was a lovely stay. The price was great - especially since I stayed for 11 days. I only spent time here to sleep, so I didn't take advantage of the hotel pool [and why would I when the beautiful ocean was RIGHT across the street!]I would consider going back again if I was traveling alone. If I were going with anyone else, I'd upgrade to a resort.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>aonanini
<Content>All i expected...       Another view from the balcony  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>AustinB
<Content>Awesome Views, Great Japanese Restaurant I loved the views, loved the location. The room was very clean, simply furnished. Better than I expected for the price, but nothing fancy. I rented an ocean view room which was worth the extra money. There is a fantastic Japanese restaurant in the lobby that is much better than the bar  restaurant on the second floor. No view but I had one of the best meals of my vacation. I have never stayed at the Diamond Head end of Waikiki, and enjoyed the beaches, zoo and less crowded feel. Never tried surfing school, which is on my to-do list for next trip. Also never used the swimming pool as it wasn't on the ground floor. Tour desk helped plan a few outings but the desk clerk had better ideas on how to spend my days.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>hello-chako
<Content>enjoyed beach i was there in may on the way back from japan. i was by myself and just wanted to enjoy the beach; that's the reason i picked the hotel. less expensive room, close to beach...i got what i wanted. the room was ok. i didn't post my review till today.... i totally forgot about the hotel.... i guess it was not impressive. if you are on tight budget but want to stay close to beach, this hotel may be your choice.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>natalieb271
<Content>awful awful awful this hotel is awful. it is in a good location opposite beach and zoo but is very old needs an upgrade,from the outside and lobby it looks ok but the rooms are old and tiny. we arrive as a couple with an 8 year old girl and were told nothing at reception but when we got to the room we found it had only one double bed. i am sure the receptionist realised this was not going to be adequate but said nothing. when we opened the door to our room we were dissapointed it looked unclean was old fashioned small and delapadated when i complained about the bed situation at reception i was told there was nothing she ould do but she would send a fold up bed for free. when the bed arrived we were disguted it could not fit in to room and resembled a very old nhs hospital trolly from the 1940s, it could deffinatly not take the weight of an 8 year old and there was no where for it to go. i sent my husband to reception where he had a full scale argument with and the best she could do was offer us another room with a sofa bed for an extra 50 us dollars for that night but refused to tell us if a double room would be free the next day. we took the other room and ended up paying an extra 50 us dollars each night to stay in the other room whilst we stayed are new room was no better it only had a pull out sofa bed and a shoddy kitchen and was still old and seemed unclean we stayed for 3 days and then moved ten doors down to the quest hotel waiki beach which was fantastic  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	5	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>smiller376
<Content>Oceanview room We spent two amazing weeks in Waikiki for our honeymoon. The room we stayed in was nice. A little on the small size, but we did have a view of the Pacific and those amazing sunsets. Be aware that the hotel is open to the elements and your room will smell like the ocean. Kind of salty and such. You are within walking distance of everything and the beach is across the street. You cannot go wrong with this hotel. The only complaint is the parking kind of stinks. Everything is a one way and the ramp to the hotel parking is tight, I don't think you would be able to fit 2 cars on it at the same time. Make sure to see the Dole plantation, Pearl Harbor and Hike Diamondhead. We are planning another trip in summer of 07. I cannot wait.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Premium92
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at the Park Shore for the first time in Dec /04. The hotel staff were very friendly and the lobby was big enough that with all the people trying to check in or out we never felt crowded.Our room was on the seventh floor (corner Unit) with a awesome view of Waikiki beach and Diamond Head.The room was small, with two double beds not much room for more than two people but was always clean.There was a restaraunt next door (Lu Lu's) opened 24 hours and a ABC store and a starbucks just outside the hotel lobby .The hotel was at the end of the busiest part of Waikiki but still close enough to the beach which was just across the street. No hotel laundry facility where you could do your own laundry.The closest one was blocks away.This hotel could use a touch up in the decor,have larger rooms,put in a laundrymat but all in all its a great place to stay.Will definately stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Eugene34
<Content>Nice hotel, great price It is a nice hotel. The location is great for the price. Rooms are very clean. It is located right in front Waikiki beach, near many restaurants and shops. Right beside the hotel there is an ABC where you can buy all kinds of things, from food to towels. Visit Pearl Harbour, it is fantastic. You don't need to rent a car, busses take you everywhere in the island. Sometimes it takes some time, but you can get anywhere.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Davepow
<Content>Great Value We stayed at the Park Shore for a week in April as part of our anniversary trip. We had spent the previous week at the Hilton Waikoloa on the big island, so our standard had been set pretty high, but we weren't dissapointed.As mentioned in other reviews, this Hotel could do with a makeover, just a coat of paint and new carpet would do it, but then the price would more than double I expect.We had a diamond head suite on the top floor. View of the beach was worth a million dollars, room was quite small for a suite, but suitable as we only really slept there.There is a great resteraunt downstairs with very reasonable prices, and an ABC shop on the ground floor to get everything else from. We didn't use the pool as the beach was so close, so no comment about that.All in all, it was a great location, good value, CLEAN! (very important) hotel with nice staff.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jamboysf
<Content>Exceeded my expectations The location of this hotel is ideal. It's right at the far end of Waikiki, so you're not in the thick of everything--but you can be with a short walk. To the east of the hotel's smaller tower, there are no other buildings--just park and a zoo. Our room, 1424, had an ocean view and a balcony for watching the sunset, surfers, boats, and to the left, looking out to Diamond Head. We paid between $160 and $180 a night (the rate varied) for a stay from May 30 through June 5. The hotel staff was pleasant and helpful. There's an ABC store right off the lobby that sells beach supplies, fruit, water, liquor--everything you need, and at a reasonable price. Just outside the lobby: a Starbucks, a surfing school, a Wolfgang Puck take-out restaurant, etc. As I said: great location. My complaints are minor. The rug was stained, the toilet backed up once, the towels were thin, the maids were stingy with the toiletries. But given the price, the location, and the incredible view from the balcony, I didn't care. I would definitely stay here again. By the way, this is my first hotel review. I wrote this one only because I think the Park Shore is a good deal and has sometimes gotten a bad rap, given some of the other reviews I've read. And I have no affiliation with this hotel, its employees, etc.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	2	3	3	1	

<Author>Lucyczek
<Content>Park Shore - best choice we made!       dawn - 6am photo from our balcony  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>shopgal61
<Content>Couldn't ask for better I spent a lot of time reading reviews from travellers and I was prepared to experience a small room, not so friendly staff, ac that doesn't work, etc. Yes, our room was small, but it was also very CLEAN!! That is so much more important than the room size. We had no problems with our ac and not a single bug or piece of mold was to be found in our room (others have mentioned that in their reviews). The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. It was an awesome location. The beach is right across the street, the bus stop is right in front of the hotel (which was convenient since we didn't rent a car). I do recommand checking out www.thebus.org and looking at the bus schedules. We did this before our trip and it made it so easy because we knew what # bus would take us where and what time they came by.Just about everything was in walking distance (shops, international marketplace, zoo, beach, food, etc). There is a restaurant located on site, but we didn't use it. We opted for sushi on the strip and places like the food court in the international marketplace. Every Sat and Sun night right on the beach they have a big screen up to play movies and local vendors have booths with their food out. It was a very relaxing vacation and we plan on going back in the soon future and will definitely stay at this hotel again. If you like to fish, there is a pier right across the street from the hotel where you can fish (don't need a license) and all you need for bait is bread, You can even snorkel right there on the Waikiki beach. I didn't think there would be many fish there with all the people swimming (normally that scares the fish away), but we saw just as many fish there as we saw at Haunama Bay. If you are planning on heading to a luau, definitely go to paradise cove. The best for your money!! There are also people on the street that will try to get you to go to a timeshare promotion. They promise it will be 90 mins, we tried this only because they offered us 2 tickets to paradise cove and 2 tickets to a sunset dinner cruise (we would have paid over $250). Though the 90 mins was really 3 hours, it was worth it for the free tickets (which also included shuttle to and from).If you have any questions about the hotel don't hesitate to ask. :)  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ApRiLBuG
<Content>BEST Location! BEST Views! If you are looking for a great location near everything this is the hotel for you! The views are amazing! This hotel is located near the bus stop. For $2 per person you can go just about anywhere but make sure you have exact change. If you book a room I do advise you to book a room with 2 double beds. If not you will be in a room smaller that you can even imagine. The hotel lobby is very nice! The room, carpet, sheets and bathroom were clean. The bathroom needs to be upgraded. This hotel is not perfect but it's not even close to being a dump. Some of the tile grout was dark and there was no tub. But who spends all day in their room anyways? I think if you are looking for a reasonable place to stay that is on the edge of town not surrounded by tons of loud bars and other hotels then this is the place for you. The beach is just across the street and there is a Starbucks downstairs. When we go back to Oahu we will be staying here again! You really cannot beat the price! PLEASE remember to book 2 double beds or else you will not have any suitcase room. Enjoy!  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>UtahRelaxed
<Content>If the location only matters... If your want to stayi in Waikiki and to be close to the beach, and near all the 5 for $20 t-shirt shops... this place is for you. The lobby is nice and so are the staff, and that is where in ends. The rooms are small, and walls and doors poorly painted. They have tried to brighten the area up with blue an yellow colors, but failed. Other than the fitted sheet, the bedding appeared dirty or soiled and needed to be replaced. If the wind was blowing, the windows whistled... I check the door to the lanai, and everything (believe me).Now, they do offered valet parking, which is convenient when you are tired and want to relax, BUT the enterance is opposing traffice, and can only fit at most three cars at a time! Very fustrating as it is right next to a bus stop.Great place to stay if you are only looking for a place to sleep, and are on a budget... but if you are planing to relax in your room, and enjoy a slow paced atmosphere... try again.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>2	4	1	4	1	4	3	-1	

<Author>tsteichen697
<Content>Loved the Park Shore I was a little worried about staying at this hotel from the reviews that I had read but all of that got put to rest when we got there. The lobby is very nice. The staff was very friendly and very helpful. We had a room on the tenth floor, it was a corner room. At first I was a little surprised at how small the room was but then we went out on the lanai and what a surprise that was. It was like we had an ocean front room. The view was excellent. The bathroom was a little tiny and the refrigerator could have been a little bigger but other then that the room was great. We were up high enough so there was really no street noise. The air conditioning worked great even though we did not need it every night. This was a great place to stay even though it was on the far end of Waikiki. It did us good to walk everywhere. I would stay there again but would have to really think about how far of a walk there is to everthing.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alooooooha
<Content>location!!...small room however we stayed at the parkshore the first week of may and i was not disappointed. the rooms are a bit on the smaller side, espeacially the bathroom, but overall, the location is the main focus for this hotel. it is litterally right across the beach and within walking distance to such places as int'l maketplace, diamond head, world famous wakikik beach (obviously!), king's shopping square, abc stores, and much much more! it is pretty much in central downtown waikiki. we walked everywhere because of its convenient location. we didn't rent a car and we relied on shuttle buses and public transportation. we got a city view room for $89..which is a GREAT price for a hotel in the waikiki area right across the beach. we also stayed in an ocean view room for a couple of days. also if you have a late flight..they will gladly hold on to your bags for you free of charge. if you're looking for luxury..then the parkshore is not for you. if you're looking for a place to sleep without having to break your wallet..then the parkshore is for you! plus..who needs a nice room when you're in hawaii...you only go there to sleep. i will definitely return because of it's faboulous location and friendly staff.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CBinAZ
<Content>Great price and location, okay room We stayed 2 nights earlier this month. I booked a city view room through the hotel's website, but was pleased to find out that we actually had a view of both Waikiki beach and a city view from our balcony. The room was very small, especially the bathroom. The location is excellent. This is a good choice for the price.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Hawaii555
<Content>Give and Take... Well I will start by saying that the location was fantastic...right across from the beach, the front desk was very unpersonal, they told us that every room has a view, we were on the 4th floor and if I jumped up I could kind of see the water. Rooms were very small no plug in the bathroom I had to rearrange furniture just to look in a mirror to blow dry my hair. Also they claim to have A/C but I can say our room never felt cold. But on one side of the hotel was the zoo, beautiful to look out at least one way and see something other than another huge hotel, they claim to be the Edge of Waikiki which it is, but within a five min walk down the beach to everything. If you are going on Vacation to be catered to dont stay here, but if you have plans to go go go and enjoy the island I think it was great for the money.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	-1	-1	

<Author>Alasskagirl
<Content>Park Shore -- great location, clean rooms The Park Shore is in one of the best locations on Waikiki for families. It's right across from a beach with a sheltered breakwater, great pool, across the street from the zoo and a short walk to the aquarium. As others have said on this forum -- the rooms need to be updated. But they are clean and who goes to Hawaii to stay in the room? I found the size and amenities fine. New carpet  paint and a new bathroom would make this an oustanding property. But then, the prices would go up and I'd have to find a new favorite Waikiki hotel.Stay here if you are an adventurous traveler who likes to get out and do things. If your idea of a Hawaiian vacation is sitting by the pool being served Mai Tai's all day or being catered to by hotel staff -- this isn't the place for you.By the way, the staff are fabulous and very helpful.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>銉娿偘銉?> 銉娿偘銉?</a> </div>
<Content>銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儞銉ャ兗銇屻亜銇?#x201d;   showReview(22996300, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉娿偆銈广儞銉ャ兗   showReview(22855774, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹変尽銇с亰鍕с倎   showReview(21745289, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Rogremac
<Content>Un r锚ve..   showReview(20645242, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夈亸銉撱兗銉併仹銇倱銇炽倞   showReview(21744367, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>supper hotel idealement plac茅 tr茅s agr茅able pas ch茅r   showReview(19632111, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sdayot
<Content>supper hotel tr茅s bien plac茅       la chambre, spacieuse !  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	1	1	1	

<Author>Tessanne
<Content>Bonne adresse 脿 Waikiki   showReview(18596974, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sufficiente   showReview(18528965, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>G眉nstige Lage   showReview(18528964, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅/ prix   showReview(16597467, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>h0n0lulu
<Content>Ottimo veramente ottimo   showReview(13374405, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>albergo da sogno   showReview(13196977, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super-Lage abseits vom Touristenstrom und direkt gegenueber vom Strand   showReview(13196975, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儞銉ャ兗   showReview(19164167, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>濂藉嵃璞?#x201d;   showReview(19163978, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tonicesar
<Content>Altes Hotel, sehr kleine Zimmer   showReview(8352272, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	3	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎮亸銇亜   showReview(19161972, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>itapia
<Content>Precio justo, ubicacion excelente !!   showReview(7419457, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

