<Author>danioko
<Content>Budget Hotel with High End Quality I have learned quickly never to expect too much too soon from holiday accommodation regardless of how much you have paid, if there are problems during the stay, they have to be dealt with there and then. You can never tell a hotels true potential until you truly experience it for yourself. The Holiday Inn Express in Frankfurt city is GREAT!!After reading many of my fellow reviewer鈥檚 comments I booked with some apprehension, however I was most pleased from the minute I arrived.Having booked a flight in to Frankfurt Hahn (by mistake, through rushing) I took the 1hr 30min journey to the city using the BOHR coach service - priced 12 Euros for a single trip, which drops you at the central railway station in Frankfurt.From the station we took a fairly inexpensive cab to the hotel at just 8 Euros, which was unnecessary as you will discover later.En-route to the hotel I was slightly perturbed by the area in which we were travelling through, as we left the city behind and entered a rather greyish industrial area. However through my later exploration I found this journey was for pure financial benefits of the cab driver, taking us on a detour to earn more cash. Finally arriving at the hotel, I was still aware that there appeared very little else in the area for a tourist to enjoy or discover, still I checked in with anticipation. The exterior of the hotel is pretty much what you would expect from a Holiday Inn Express, a white building, glass frontage with coniferous plantings either side of the entrance. Pleasant at least.The reception and foyer is open plan, as is the bar, seating area and breakfast lounge, complimented by a modern light and airy d茅cor. At the check in desk we were greeted by a polite staff member who courteously completed all essential paperwork before giving us a choice of rooms, which was a nice touch for your basic hotel. A service which is even missing in many 4 and 5 star hotels. Once we received our keys, my friend and I ascended to our room with some wonderment of how it will be. On entering the room we were very surprised with its modern and clean look. The d茅cor is a cream, deep red and 鈥榦ak-esque鈥?in its appearance, which took it that small step further from a basic, budget, motel style accommodation. The duvet is neatly folded and placed neatly at the foot of the bed, while the forward pillow is tied nicely with a decorative sash, making look like a rather boutique touch. The bathroom was also very pleasant with a neat and quirky little touch.The bathroom has one door, yet this one door make two rooms. Should someone want to brush their teeth and someone else wish to use the toilet then this can be achieved whilst retaining each persons dignity and modesty. This is done in the following way: The main bathroom door when closed conceals one large bathroom complete with large basin, large shower and a toilet. When the door is fully open it can be placed in to another catch which now separates the toilet from the bathroom, creating a completely separate (and still fairly spacious) room.Another nice touch the hotel insists upon is the use of branded complimentary bathroom products in the form of Kleenex, Dove and others. My one major draw back of the bedrooms is the TV鈥檚. Although the set offers a variety of channels, it sadly only offers one free English channel, and that is BBC World News, which repeats every hour. This was very disappoint as many hotels offer a variety of English speaking entertainment channels, whether it be music or sport. The hotel must adopt a better selection of channels through out to serve guest better as English after all is the international language of the world. Regardless for German and Spanish guest the hotel is nearer perfect. On the first night of out stay I noticed a small mark on my sheets, buy nothing which required a drama creating to change them or order fresh immediately, regardless, I was so tired anyway it could be resolved tomorrow. As morning broke I awoke slightly later than I usually like to at around, 9:30am. I freshened up and descended downstairs to the breakfast lounge, open between 6:30am and 10:30am. The breakfast is inclusive with your price paid and is of the ambiguous continental variety, something which differs so greatly between hotels they should be named something different each time.On offer was the usual apple or orange juice along with coffee and a large selection of tea, except the most popular Breakfast tea, absent throughout our stay. Edibles offered included the regular bread roll and croissants with a nice selection of preserves and spreads. As well as this you can choose from a variety of cereals, yoghurt or a minimal selection of cold meats. The breakfast was far from my expectations and could have been made a lot more appetising. It would be worth offering the continental as standard but offering a cooked breakfast for a small price. A trial of which would I am sure prove fruitful for the business. In its current state I feel it lets the excellent service and quality of the hotel down.After breakfast I decided to take a trip in to the town. Immediately opposite the hotel is a bus stop, which serves guest well by taking them straight in to the city. As I just missed a bus and it was too cold to stand around I decided to walk. I would advise any fit and healthy guest to do the same. This is now where I find I was wrong about the area the hotel was in. Although the hotel is situated amongst some industrial buildings, they are in fact rather interesting architecturally. The walk to the city centre from the hotel is approximately 20 minutes at a steady pace and along the way you pass a couple of traditional German bars as well as many traditional, standard German housing, which is interesting to compare with those in other European areas. Once in the city there is a huge array of activities to undertake, which will delight people from all denominations of life. If you want shopping, theatre, museums or leisurely walks, Frankfurt has it all! Whilst in the city explore:- 鈥楾he Galaria鈥?department store, which shames many well known English department store. - For theatre, there is a whole host from opera to the worlds largest international English speaking theatre playing host to Andrew Lloyd Webbers Cats - a MUST SEE!!- Art- There are many museums in Frankfurt all offering different artistic tastes to keep all enthusiasts entertained for hours.- Attractions - All visitors to this wonderful city MUST, MUST, MUST visit the fantastic zoo here (see separate review). - Food, although not internationally credited for its food like its Neighbours France or England, Germany in fact has many great dishes to offer including unique presentations of the very simple 鈥楬ot Dog鈥?On returning back to the hotel early evening, we both decided to have a drink at the bar. As expected the prices were slightly inflated yet the choice fairly varied. A nice and refreshing choice is a Grapefruit beer or the local Binding bear with the litre. A very strange point to mention was the tea and coffee facility. If you wanted them any where else other than your room you had to pay approximately 2 euros from the bar. The previously free hot drinks machine was now controlled by a coin clot, which was bizarre. If you are that bothered about a hot drink then you can have them free from your room and topped up free at any time. I am sure non-resident would not be drinking there as the hotel is not really in an area for such 鈥榞uests鈥?If you are hungry you can also order a hugely over priced pizza at around 7 Euros for a standard flavour. However the staff are more than happy to assist you in ordering food in from local take-away outlets. A special credit has to go to Oliver the night staff member who is very friendly and attentive to guests needs. Although conscious about not speaking good or fluent German, Oliver quickly subsided any hesitation in communicating in my native English. If asked he will also advise and great attractions within the city and where to and not to eat whilst in the city. After drinks and pleasant conversations with the staff, we decided to go to bed. Getting in to bed I noticed the same dirty mark on the sheets on a freshly made bed. This unfortunately dampened my very positive attitude of the hotel and staff as I expect clean sheets on a bed every morning. This is a very simple request, which should happen in every guest accommodation. I called down to Oliver on the front desk to explain and he said he would arrange for the house keeper to see it as priority in the morning, which restored some of the lost good spirits. I took the sheet off and again retired to the very comfy beds.The next morning as promised the house keep arrived bright and early to attend to the room and change the sheets as if her first job of the day. A great and refreshing fact to note, is the time in which the maid arrives to attend to the guest rooms. For many years the early start of house keepers and there knocking and banging has infuriated guests who stay more than one night. However our maid seemed to appear around 10am each morning, whether this was due to the location of our room is literally because of her start time, either way a great noting point never the less!!After 4 great nights I left the hotel in good spirits, thanking the exceptionally polite manager for the hospitality and great hotel offerings. The day to day running of the hotel appears smooth and faultless to the guest and where nothing is too much trouble for the staff . Hopefully this will continue to be the case ready for my next visit, hopefully very soon (cost depending).This Holiday Inn Express is a budget hotel with a High End charm, staff and hearty spirit!!Should anyone want further information regarding the hotel before this review is edited and shown nationally then feel free to contact me via trip-advisor.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Capital Culture
<Content>A Great Accommodation I flew in to Frankfurt, took train (3.60 euro) to Haupbanhof, and city bus to the hotel (1.50 euro). Only 3 or 4 stops from the station. If you're really traveling light, it's not too bad a walk. Taxi comes in under 8 euro.The check-in staff was very friendly. My reservation was in order, and my PC Platinum status was acknowledged. Including a ticket for a complimentary glass of wine. I mentioned the activities that would interest me (art museums), and they gave me a city map with everything highlighted for me.There was a great deal to enjoy on the breakfast buffet, which is set out for a generous amount of time, especially on weekends.My departure was very early -- 6:00 -- so it was nice that the check-out went so well, again a courteous person on staff; and a taxi arrived minutes later to take me to the train station.Please note: the neighborhood has nothing to recommend it. But it's really not the point. I found it convenient for everything I wanted to do. And I had no plan to hang around the hotel. I was there to sleep and to have a nice breakfast. It was quite a bargain, and a pleasant one at that.Only one complaint: the person at the desk on Saturday night did not know what on-line check-in was for my flight the next day. More or less she figured out she couldn't help me and my only option would have been to spend 5 euro for the business center computer. In this day and age, I think every hotel should have easy and complimentary access to on-line check for its guests.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>Zara77
<Content>Surprisingly great!!! We stayed at the Express Holiday Inn in Frankfurt over the October half term holiday and found it to be very child friendly, extremely well located considering the city centre is a Red Light district. We were very glad that we had booked this hotel instead anything in the town centre! It really would not have been suitable with children. The hotel was clean,tidy and very efficent. The staff were very much on the ball and the breakfasts were good. The standard was very high for the price you pay. The number 37 bus route is excellent-it takes you to the city centre in about five minutes. The bus is a frequent service and is really close to the hotel. The rooms are well maintained,very clean and the bathrooms very hygienic. The hotel doesn't offer a restaurant service but you are able to go to the bar and order pizza only. Which is not very expensive-a basic one cost 拢6-and it taste quite good. They give menus for local eateries but the town centre is close enough for you to just hop on the bus and pick something up. In the evening the city is not pleasant as it is a open red light area and you will be very glad that your hotel is not in the heart of it.!!! The staff are helpful and I would recommend this hotel to friends and family.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Gormanc
<Content>Do not stay at the Holiday Inn Express This hotel is situated in the middle of nowhere. Claims to be near the airport, and is instead a 20 min drive on the highway.The hotel only has ONE shuttle bus for the entire hotel and there was a lot of chaos among guests about who should get priority to ride on the shuttle bus (there are only 8 seats). You have to take the shuttle bus to get back to the airport to go to the train station to actually get somewhere. If you can afford a taxi, you could call one everyday, but I personally think that is too expensive. The rooms are decent. There is wi-fi in the lobby and one computer for guest use that costs euros per an alotted time.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nycnorth
<Content>Typical HI Express away from any civilization       View from the window  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>luke.traveller
<Content>Location? We stayed at this hotel for the weekend and enjoyed it very much. Since we had a car, the location was not of too big importance to us. The hotel has its own parking lot, they charge EUR 12.-- per day. However, there are plenty of public parking spots on the side of the street free of charge, and it seems a reasonably safe area, so we parked there, no problem.But I must say, the area is not attractive at all. No restaurants nearby, to walk to the centre it is quite a way, more convenient is the bus. The hotel has no restaurant! However, you can ask for menues at the reception from restaurants that will deliver the food, that is a nice idea, you can eat the food that they bring at the breakfast restaurant.Breakfast was fine, very nice selection, and, it is free of charge, like at all the express by Holiday Inn. The room was fine too, nothing to complain. The queensize beds are on the small side, though, for 2 adults.The closest highway exit is Frankfurt-Westhafen, it takes you directly into Gutleutstrasse where the hotel is located. However, this exit is only accessible from/to the North! If you come from the South, you drive past the Westhafen, make a u-turn at Frankfurt Westkreuz, and head South again. The hotel is not really near the Messe. I find the name a bit mis-leading.The hotel was definitely worth the price we paid. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>3	5	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JamJarWilkie
<Content>Could have been worse, Newcastle v Frankfurt Nov 06 Stayed here for 1 night in November 06. Newcastle were playing Frankfurt in UEFA cup. 20 min walk from Ryanair bus drop off point and 25 min walk from central rail station. Its in the middle of a industrial area on a main road. Nearest dodgy bar about 10 min walk. Hotel is standard H.I express, all staff speak excellent english and so did everyone we came into contact with in Frankfurt, hotel is clean, light. Rooms are small but all the football traveller needs, shower, WC and free Frankie Vaughan on the Tv. Hotel bar only open 18.00 - 23.00 hrs. So if a night time kick off dont expect to get a beer when you get back from the match. Bus (number 37) runs every 10 mins through the day to the city centre. take 3 mins. cost about 1.30 euro. but you can get a cheap day ticket. The easiest way to get to the ground is by the tram or tube that runs from outside the main train station. Match tickets are valid for public transport 5 hours before game. If you want to fall out of the Irish bar by the train station into your bed this is no good, but for value and quality its ideal. Would stay again.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>scooks
<Content>Great value for money Just had one night at this hotel waiting for a connecting flight the next day.Hotel runs a very efficient shuttle service to and from airport.Staff all very friendly - speak perfect English.Breakfast bar, excellent - ham, cheese, cereal, fruit, yoguart, pastries, tea, coffee, fruit juice etc etc.Very clean room, smallish in size, but adequate. Pre-booked on the net 71 euro including breakfast for two, represented excellent value for money.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>neither memorable nor terrible We stayed here for 6 nights during the height of the World Cup. The rooms are spartan, but very clean, yet a clothes iron in the room would have been helpful. The pillow was a bit small and a bed sheet would have been nice in addition to the sole comforter on the bed. CNN International was the only english language cable channel available. Instead of a standard bar of soap the hotel opted for the odd dispenser of a mystery shampoo/body wash hybrid. Good thing I brought my own soap and shampoo. Internet access is available in the rooms or on a pay terminal in the lobby.What I found very enjoyable about the visit was the staff. All spoke fluent english and were sincere in their efforts to help. The night man, Oliver, especially went out of his way to be of service and had loads of great suggestions on where to find local haunts.The big downside is the location. There's nothing of note in the immediate area, just industrial buildings on the back side of the train station. We used the number 37 bus extensively to get to and from the train station. It's about $1.50 per trip which beats a $8 cab ride. You should note that the shuttle service to the airport is no longer available.For a clean, reasonable place to stay with no regard to location, this spot is fine. For more action in the immediate area, go elsewhere.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overnight stay in Frankfurt We had an overnight stay at this hotel in May 2005. The hotel is average with comfortable rooms. If you want to be closer to the airport with a decent place to eat, don't stay here! The hotel has a shuttle service to and from the airport that is very convenient.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Sitges2006
<Content>Loved the Holiday Inn Express! Just got back from a one night stay at this great Holiday Inn Express hotel. It is located about 20 mins walk from the main railway station in Frankfurt, although the bus from outside the hotel, number 37, drops you at the station and in the City Centre. The hotel is absolutely spotless and I could not fault it. The staff are very helpful and speak English, and the rooms are a good size with power shower. It was a bargain at 鈧?5 including breakfast. There is a bar on site also for evening drinks and snacks. The breakfast had a good choice of croissants, cheeses, meats, cereals etc. I stayed at a Holiday Inn Express in London a few years ago and was not impressed.I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夈亸娉娿伨銈屻仸蹇仼锛?#x201d;   showReview(21747857, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇汇伡婧€瓒炽仹銇椼仧   showReview(21747789, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇娿仚銇欍倎   showReview(21747713, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娓呮綌銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(21747709, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姝┿亜銇︼紤锛曞垎浣嶃€?#x201d;   showReview(21747705, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

