<Author>marineflyer
<Content>Will Not Return We didnt know they had a new area and the old area and booked a room in the main old section of the hotel.The room was musty smelling, the air handler hardly took the moisture out of the air and it felt clamy inside the room.The bed was soft and the carpet seemed damp.For what we paid this was a disaster. I smelled stinky feet when in the room.We were very disenchanted to say the least. I complained at the desk but the hotel was full.Plus: They rope off a portion of the beach and have chairs and umbrellas. For a tip of $20 per day I was treated with respect by the guys running the stand.I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>Myrts78
<Content>Felt Liike Royalty We just returned from a four night stay at the Royal Hawaiian and it was lovely. After reading some very negative reviews we were very apprenhensive about staying there however our fears were unfounded. From the moment we stepped into the hotel and saw the granduer of the lobby and the magnificience we were in awe. It was truly a step back in time to old elegance and palatial beauty not gawdy just exquisite. The fault is with the rooms, somewhat dated. Our first offered garden view room was OK but not special so we upgraded to a tower oceanview room at a cost of $100.extra per night and was told it was a special price. The tower is the newer part of the hotel and therefore nicer, the astounding panaroma view of Waikiki beach was worth the money!!!!! Room # 1008. The only problem was that the balcony railing seemed too low and I felt uncomfortable standing too close to the edge. The birds hang out on the railings looking for scraps and therefore leave some droppings.The rest of the hotel is unsurpassed in old world elegance and charm, the beach is wonderful and you can walk out very far in the water and it is not deep. Some spots have a bit of coral so if you think you need it wear water shoes. Also the Luau is very nice my first one so nothing to compare, the food was good not fantastic, the show is great and if you are a guest of RH or Sheraton you get a 20% of automatically, it cost around 96.00 regularly. Barbara Eden was at ours with her husband he is a builder and apparently had something to do with the Sheraton. I highly recommend the Majestic Island tour if you have not seen the island before you will be surprised at the beauty of Oahu, there are things you cannot see by bus or shuttle, well worh it. The concierge at RH arranges everything for you and answers all your questions. We loved the hotel even in it's pre -repaired state so we can only imagine how it will be after.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Msbness
<Content>Looking forward to returning after remodel I spent a week here recently, early May. I was traveling with my young two year old son. 1. We were upgraded to a huge suite. I love my Amex card!2. It was so huge with two entries, I could not keep my two year old contained as they safety bars on the doors are mounted directly above the door knob. Management should change that on all doors. THe safety bars should be above the reach of a toddler.3. My son managed to escape our room at 6:30 am. I called security for assistance and proceeded to lose my mind whilst running up and down the halls of each floor calling for him. 4. Security came from all Sheraton properties and found him down at the snack bar next to the pool, banana in hand. They were professional, kind and understanding. I can't say enough about how wonderfully the security and staff performed at this hotel, and throughout the sheraton properties. 4. We were moved to a room where he could be more easily contained and LOVED IT. It was Room 268, and it was perfect for two people. In considering some of the other reviewers complaints regarding room quality and cleanliness, I was keen to find fault. Our room was clean, and in perfect condition despite it's age. The furniture was spotless, not chipped, stained, broken, etc. The bathroom was clean, no mildew/mold. 5. Housekeeping was friendly and did an excellent job daily. 6. The food was okay, not great. I did not eat dinner at the hotel, only lunch and breakfast, so qualify my opinion.7. The pool area is in desparate need of change. Pool/Snack Bar staff was professional, funny and very helpful.8. Luau. Don't miss it if you go. Even if you've been to a 100 of them, it's worth it. We had a wonderful time and I can not say enough about the kindness and professional demeanor of all staff. I anxiously await the remodel, and hope that much of the staff returns to work at the refurbished property. I hear that a new pool area might be going in where the grassy luau area is now and that would be fabulous. We shall see!  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>urmed02
<Content>Gorgeous We just returned from the Royal Hawaiian and loved it. We stayed in a garden suite which was spacious and inviting and worth the extra $$ (especially with an infant who makes all sorts of noises while sleeping!). The staff (especially the cleaning crew) were outstanding and helpful. They were always looking for ways to help. They gave us a baby bath and toiletries when we asked...who knew a hotel would have a baby bath!The grounds were immaculate and the breakfast buffet very good (although not very varied each day). The only negative about the hotel is the parking is not especially close to the hotel and has very tight parking spaces. I only hope they do the Pink Palace justice with its renovation this coming summer!  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TexasTX_Travelers
<Content>Classic Beauty in the heart of the action Booked a stay here with Amex Fine Hotels and Resorts program. We were a little concerned after reading some of the reviews but the concerns were almost completely unfounded. This resort is tucked away from the madness of Waikiki but still in the middle of it all. The grounds and the hotel itself are beautiful. It seems like it would be tough to find this type of setting anywhere else on Oahu. Heather Locklear was even there filming a movie in the Courtyard one day.The hotel lobby and common areas as well as the grounds, pool, and beach were very well maintained. The staff was superb - numerous and always friendly and willing to help. Our room had some delicous fresh baked bread in it when we arrived and after we came back from dinner we had a lovely gift basket with all sorts of treats waiting for us compliments of the hotel. We also had the breakfast buffet each morning, which sits right down next to the beach and is a fantastic setting.Our room was upgraded to an Oceanfront room. It was a large room with big lanai facing the beach and pool. Fantastic view. It had a comfortable bed and a flat panel TV. My only complaint is that it was billed as a recently renovated room. Other than the flat screen TV, not much looked recently renovated. There was some peeling wallpaper and some mold in the bathroom.We also did the luau on Monday night. This is a great experience. It is the only one in Waikiki and a lot of fun. They were terribly understaffed though and drinks were hard to come by. I think our waitress was probably helping 50 people.All in all a very fun time was had by my wife and I and we loved the classic charm and elegance of the Royal Hawaiian.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lover-of-Travels
<Content>Taste of Old Hawaii After reading several rather iffy reviews but still wanting to stay once before The Pink Palace closes its doors to renovate, we booked. I must admit that I called the Starwood number and stated my concerns as I had read on Trip Advisor. He reassured me that it would be okay and would email the hotel with my concerns. So after a 5 day stop in Maui, we arrived at this lovely hotel....charm that most newer structures lack! Our room was in good condition tho a little worn about the edges which we expected. The service was exceptional from champagne and banana bread delivered to our room on arrival to an invite for a cocktail party on our last evening. I am so happy that we did stay here and am sure that the newly redone rooms will be deluxe!! I hope to return for another stay within the next few years.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelPort101
<Content>Classic Pink Hotel       View from our Lanai  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stinkernotme
<Content>bring your nose plugs booked this 4 star hptel on priceline and i got a gardenview room.after a long flight we checked in and when we opened the door the smell overtook us. The room seemed like it was barely used and smelled the must of your grandmothers 50 year old furniture. The mustiness was so bad my wife threw up after about 15 minutes i complained then asked for a room in the tower and they told me it would cost me an additional 150 per night. They then gave me another gardenview room that was less stinky.we hardly spent any time in the room because of the stench. i would not stay at this hotel in a gardenview room.They call it the pink palace but my kids call the STINK Palace.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tlovestravel
<Content>Wonderful stay at Royal Hawaiian We used Hotwire (for the first time) to book 2 rooms and were surprised and excited that we were booked at the Royal Hawaiian. After reading some reviews from people booking online, using discount bookings like Hotwire, we were a little apprehensive about the service we would receive at the hotel. Before leaving for our trip, we inquired about a crib for the baby and were told that one would be available at no extra charge. We arrived and were greeted with flower leis and bead necklaces. At the check-in desk we asked about the crib and were told that it was already in the room. We also asked if we could upgrade one of the rooms to a larger room (we had 2 adults and 2 teens in our room with 2 double beds). We were given some options, but declined, as the upgrade cost was more than we had paid for the room originally. We were told that a larger room would be available in two days, at the same room rate, if we wanted to check back. After seeing the room 2 days later, we decided to switch - this room consisted of a large room with 2 double beds, and a large 'sitting room' with a fold-out bed; it did overlook part of the roof, but also provided a great ocean view. We actually couldn't believe that this room would be at the same rate as the first one, and thought that they may have just been trying to accomodate our request for more space. The service we received during our entire stay was exemplary - every need and request was promptly and courteously taken care of. When we asked if there were any more umbrellas available at the beach so we could bring the baby out, the attendant walked up and down the rows and found one that wasn't being used, then brought it to us and set it up. If this is typical of Royal Hawaiian service, we'll be back!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kimbermama
<Content>Not so good anymore This used to be spectacular so I was shocked at how low it's dropped. I wanted to write everyone here to tell you because I was disappointed and I always rely on this site for good tips. First off, just understand there are no lanais! Second, the beach--half the chairs are reserved (through a very mysterious process that is not even available to ocean front suite guests) so you have to rise by 5:30 a.m. to get one. People fight over them! You can't believe there's rat race there, but it's true. Then the chairs are all removed by 4 p.m.(This is Waikiki, towel-to-towel land, you need a beach chair!!) Just as you are enjoying the afternoon they come and tell you to go. That was very strange and discomfiting. Can you imagine a beach resort doing this? The food is bad--all fried fish sticky stuff flown in from the mainland and microwaved. We were all sick and had to find food elsewhere (the fab Matsugan two blocks away, where they make the noodles in front of you, marvelous!) Access to the beach from the main hotel lobby is closed off till 10 a.m. You have to go a round about way over to the tower to get out there. Or you can climb over the gate, which is what we did every morning (at 5 a.m.!!). The rooms are very old world charm -- they're okay if you like that sort of thing. Also, the crowd. They are much older. Much older! That was fine until our young family went over to the Mona Surfrider. It was gorgeous, lively, exciting--I sort of wished I had booked that. (Keep in mind, you do not go to Waikiki for solitude!)The hotel staff seems a grouchy unhappy bunch. We had a wonderful time in Waikiki despite all this (especially at the Moana's courtyard one night--beautiful!!!). Oh, and the pool. It sucks, no way around that. And the service? There isn't any to speak of. This is not the Four Seasons, I realize, but I expected more of the Royal Hawaiian. It is pretty and pink and very feminine. The carpets and lobby and ceilings are lovely! The shops are nice! But stay elsewhere if you want service and true luxury and a seat on the beach.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	2	2	1	

<Author>justsun
<Content>Changed for the worse... We are platinum members of the Starwood Preferred Guests program. Even with our status which is supposed to promise an upgrade to the best available room, we were still very disappointed.Let me start by saying we used to LOVE this hotel, and a few generations of our family have honeymooned there. We went there to celebrate a birthday and was our third time there....only to find that management has changed (they were bought out by a finance group from Asia).Our room was fine--the only thing that didn't change too much, although the products are worse quality than better (probably due to cost-cutting).Birthday Brunch was horrible. The waiters are imported from another country and not the typical warm locals that we were used to (again, probably another cost issue). One waiter walked with the fork and knife pointing outwards, and almost took my husband's eye out. Luckily my husband ducked the last minute and avoided tragedy. He stepped on my husband (wearing flip flops) subsequently and didn't even apologize! What kind of standard is that? I've had better service from 3rd world countries. It took forever to get our drinks while we were eating.The spa was expensive and not worth it. I paid a lot for a facial, and could have gotten the same one for half the price. They put away the becah chairs from the beach really early (i think it was 4PM), and we couldn't even sit there to enjoy the sunset! We asked why, and they said since management has changed, rules have also changed. The old timer staff apparently do not like new management, and many have left. Oh, and one more thing, I asked to use the restroom in the restaurant. Being pregnant, you would think they would be a little nicer. After being told no twice and going through two managers, they reluctantly opened up the restroom. How rude and inconsiderate, especially considering we are guests. All in all, they have changed and not for the better. We couldn't stand it and checked out a day early. Instead we went to the Sheraton Moana Surfrider (also another Starwood Property). We got much better treatment which is pathetic since Royal Hawaiian is supposed to be a luxury collection hotel (one step higher than the Sheraton). We're never going back again. Save your money and stay at the Sheraton instead...  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>teddy67
<Content>pink palace is palatial I stayed here with my partner for my birthday,from the moment we checked in I knew it was going to be special.The staff are very courteous and attentive and our room with garden view was HUGE! we even had a teeny ocean view! We had a large walk in wardrobe and bathroom complete with pink towels.A big plus point was the coffee maker something thats noticeably missing from a lot of the larger hotels.The hotel itself was very grand and opulent and had retained a lot of its original decor.All in all a little gem amidst the skyscrapers.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Ereland
<Content>A Grand Lady The Royal Hawaiian is like an old friend to us. A great historic hotel which we have visited many times. Our youngest daughter actually had her wedding reception in this hotel.We enjoy the history of this hotel.....splendid architecture and ornate furnishings.The hotel is undergoing a refurbishing this year into next. We're hoping it won't destroy its special ambience, but it is needed in refreshing the rooms' decor. Our hope is that it will maintain the historic feeling and not change too much. A winning tradition shouldn't be changed.The hotel staff is excellent and we have developed over the years a friendship with a very special bellman, Gerard. All seem to love their jobs and reflect that enthusiasm back to the guests.Aloha. See you soon again.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kidsmurf2000
<Content>Hit and Miss This hotel can be hit and miss. When its not busy, it can seem like a great value high end hotel in the heart of Waikiki. At other times, you'll be fighting for pool space and beach chairs with little or no service.The tower rooms have a great ocean view, but the walls are like paper. The garden rooms have next-to-no view (though something in green in our case), but are elegant and antique (though in need of a little renovation).Service is good, when the hotel isnt too busy, the pool bar is fun, and the breakfast buffer good. For my last couple of stays, there has been construction nearby which would ruin some of the rooms, and knocks out the outdoor spa (check before booking!!)  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>wtmhouston
<Content>Location, location, location!!!!! We stayed for a week in late January. There is no better location (though a couple may be equal). On the beach with its own exclusive beach area.We were fortunate to have a great rate as part of a group (about 1/2 of the normal online rates) and a great ocean view room with a nice balcony in the newer Tower. The staff was uniformly friendly and helpful. The room was a standard hotel room -- nothing fancy, but not too shabby. Hopefully the remodel will include a new mattress, which was our only complaint about the room. When we voiced the complaint (the mattress was so bad we would have checked out if it was not fixed), they fixed it by putting lots of padding on the bed. The food prices were astronomical -- $30 a head for the buffet breakfast. The buffet was nice, but not that nice.Though it sounds like a lot of complaints, we had a great time at the hotel. Aside from one waiter in the bar, where service was commonly very slow, the friendliness of the staff overshadowed the problems.The remodel may make this a solid 4 star place to stay.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>la femme folle
<Content>best location in Honolulu My husband, 2 year old son and I visited RH for 4 nights in January. I was a bit worried by some of the reviews of late. I know that the hotel is closing in a few months for the remainder of 2008, so I hope I can go back again after the make over. We didn't have any real problems though. We had a historic building ocean front room. The room was quite large with high ceiling and windows that open for the fresh air(there wasn't any bad smell in the room as some others have said). The TVs need to be replaced as they are quite out of date. There was coffee maker and a small refrigerator in the room and plenty of room for a crib. The bathroom was pretty standard and my only complaint were the bathroom amenities, ie shampoo etc, they were terrible! They need to upgrade those...Some staff were very accomodating and friendly, but we did find the restaurant servers did not seem to care about much. The food in the restaurants was nothing to write home about either. The food at the luau, like the pork and chicken dishes were very good and the show is very enjoyable.The best parts of the hotel are the mai tai bar (service there was always good and the live music was great), and the location. There is a ton of shopping within walking distance as well as the aquarium and the zoo. We mostly ate out since there are so many good restaurants around (Paradiso and Cheesecake Factory are right next door). The beach at the hotel is beautiful too! We are looking forward to coming back in 2009!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Seattlegirl720
<Content>Staying at Grandmas House My first trip to Wakiki and I am sure it won't be my last, but I will not be staying at the Royal Hawaiin again until the promised remodel is complete. My room looked like my great grandmothers bedroom. It is very old, very dark, not at all what you want when you go to sunny Hawaii. I have stayed at nicer hotels on the Oregon Coast for about $89.95. I am sure back in 1927 when the hotel was built it was very nice, but I don't think they have changed a thing since opening night. It is in a great location but that is the only good thing I can say about it. The food at the bar was very average at best. Breakfast was also just so so. The pool is small and unimpresive. I checked out two days early because I was so disapointed. When checking out the staff did not ask why or seem to even care in the least that I was leaving early. The hotel is set to close in June of this year to be remodeled, It is long over due and I just hope they do it right.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>MarvinAnchorage
<Content>Lovely Place for Christmas The Pink Palace is a lovely place to stay for Christmas! The whole place is decorated beautifully. Every evening there is caroling in the lobby by various community groups.  If you want to enjoy the fabulous Christmas dinner, book early! We were disappointed that, even as hotel guests who had booked two months prior to our visit, we at first could not secure a reservation at the Surf Room on the beach. Eventually, the hotel opened up the very lovely Monarch room as well so we did end up getting a table. But, we found this out by chance and wish they would have called us when they opened up the second dining room, since we had called numerous times in hopes of getting a dinner reservation. Also, we had asked for a garden view room, higher floor, and had let the hotel know in advance that we were celebrating our 25th anniversary. We are also Starwood members. Yet, when we checked in we were told that they only had smoking rooms so we ended up with a low floor, driveway-view room which was a bit noisy . We expected better than this since we had booked well ahead, are Starwood members, and were celebrating a very special occasion. In our past travels, nearly every upscale hotel we have stayed in has done something (fruit basket, champagne, room upgrade, etc. ) for special occasions, but not this one. Still, it is a gorgeous place and I hope it retains its charm after the planned renovation.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>tjtjtj
<Content>Great Location and Charm I was pleased to find the hotel tucked away from the hustle and bustle of Waikiki's main street. And you can't beat the beach location. The first room we had was a bit shabby (peeling wall paper, bugs in the bathroom) but the staff was helpful and accomodating in moving us to a better room. The high ceilings and classic decor definitely give a royal feel. Valet staff was very helpful and courteous as was the concierge desk. My daughter was presented with a fresh candy lei each day (a highlight for a 2-year old). Self parking was $15 around the corner and provided some savings and pretty convenient for us traveling with a little one. This property will undergo an $80 million (approx.) renovation with about $60 mill going to the structure and $20 mill to update the rooms. Apparently there are plans for 3 pools and a waterslide in the current pool area (which is small, so it'll be interesting to see how they fit it all). Didn't eat at the hotel, but the menu looked pricey.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>TravelerDallasTX
<Content>Would definitely return       Garden View Room  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JohnnyCLosAngeles
<Content>Love it, Love it, Love it! While this may not be the newest or most modern hotel in Honolulu, it certainly has the most character and I mean that in a good way. Hotel rooms have the ability to be indistinguishable from each other, ie a decent bed, desk, internet cable, armoire and maybe a porch, but this has all that but with a style that transports you back in time to an era when travel to Hawaii was a luxury and it was truly a unique experience. Hotel services are excellent, staff is friendly, and its own roped-off beach is worth a lot when the beach otherwise fills up.Great discounts are available through Starwood whereby certain Starwood (ie Sheraton) restaurants are discounted, and this can make a difference in the cost of a stay.Oceanfront rooms have their own allure, but the larger rooms face the garden. This is because when travelers came to the hotel via steamship, many have had enough sun by the time the boat arrived, and the ones who opted for suites wanted them in the shade. So either side is desirable.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travel_diA
<Content>Historic hotel vacation This hotel is in a great location with an interesting history. The grounds are beautiful and it's very convenient. The staff was friendly and accomodating too. However, other than that it's just average. This is not a first class hotel. We were bringing our children, aged 11 and 13 for their first trip to Hawaii and thought they would love the 'Pink Palace' smack in the middle of Waikiki. They are used to certain standards in travel and were not impressed by the hotel accomodations. The bathrooms were just pathetic. Knowing this is an older hotel, we knew the rooms would likely be small, but, come on, this was not old and 'charming', this is just old. They bathroom fixtures look like the ones we had in the house I grew up in during the 60's. The furniture, well it's old and scratched and looked like it came from a flea market. That sort of presentation just makes you wonder about the carpet, drapes and bedspreads, YUK. My daughter refused to eat outside at the luxurious 'Surf Room' because she said it smelled (it did) . No one would use one of the bathrooms (we had two adjoining rooms) because it smelled. As parents, we just kind of ignored it to avoid a full scale protest. Would I stay here again, probably not.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>TravelerPortland
<Content>Wow and A PLEA for all of you out there. . . My husband and I stayed here for our anniversary. We only had one night but it was absolutely perfect. The check in check out process was amazing! They upgraded our room, treated us like royalty, and made us feel welcome and relaxed instantly.We also had a breakfast package that was beyond our expectations. The entertainment at the hotel was excellent. They allowed us to check out late, and gave us the opportunity to use their communal room to change before our flight. I went on the historical tour of the hotel and was so amazed at all of the history. OK, here is the PLEA: The really sad part is they are planning on closing in June (I believe) for restoration. And since this hotel is not on the National Historical list, there are no regulations for the developers to keep it as the treasure it truly is. PLEASE help me convince them to keep it as it should be, a true GEM in an island of high-rise look alikes!!!! This hotel has served many of our military, been an oasis in the midst of crazy developers, and is a true piece of our history.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>eatsoup
<Content>Beautiful, surreal experience! Oh my what a lovely, historical place to stay. All of the guests are treated like royalty. You can sense that the staff love their jobs, and they really care about making the guests feel special. Everyone seemed eager to help with our questions. We stayed in one of the suites. It had a lovely, tropical view and a wide expanse of windows. There was plenty of room for everyone. The beds, especially the pillows, were the best, soft and plush. There was a quiet, peaceful atmosphere every evening. We also attended the luau at the Royal Hawaiian. The food was outstanding, but the show was spectacular. This was our first luau. We would stay here again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>skysydney
<Content>over rated have allways wanted to stay at the pink palace - and last week i did - hadnt prepared myself for the lack lustre rooms - we stayed on the tower wing 10th floor end room - sure the view was fine of the ocean ,but the balcony was unusable alot of the time due to high winds. The products in the bathroom were awful ! and the bath and shower tiny .the beach area of the hotel was great - except due to high winds on waikiki ,the staff refused to put the umbrellas up - understandable -s0 all guests crammed into pool area .tried to order a expresso from the bar there - sorry the machine is broken !!!!The hotel is closing next yr for a massive renovation ...my suggestion is stay there after its done ..or go stay at the the moana surfrider which is now undergoing renovation by the westin hotel group ... we checked out after 2 nights at the royal and went there to the historic wing of the moana ....IT WASA GREAT MOVE ...TRUST ME !!! very enjoyable  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>3	1	2	5	3	4	2	2	

<Author>mwooduk
<Content>Fell in love with The Pink Palace We stayed here for five nights for my husband's 50th birthday. I emailed the manager in advance ref: an upgraded room since it was a special occasion and we got it! Ocean front view of Waikiki and Diamondhead - it couldn't have been any better. Also pink champagne and homemade banana bread greeted us in our room! The room was gorgeous, all pink - plus lei's upon arrival. Bathroom was pink marble with the softest pink towels. Great amenities and coffee and frig in room - all replaced daily by delightful staff. Shower was a little old, but the hotel is old so it was to be expected but the immense charm outweighs any tiny inconveniences. The hotel will be closed from June 08- Dec. 08 for a complete renovation. I hope they don't take away it's charm and historical elements. It is a gorgeous hotel and was the second hotel ever to be built on Waikiki. Negatives - small pool and no exercise room or business center on site but we used both next door at the Sheraton Waikiki for a nominal charge. Perhaps this will change after the renovations next year? We had three treatments at the Abhasa Spa which was delightful - get a massage or a facial in the garden cabana with the sound of the bubbling water pot next to you - total relaxation guaranteed. Staff phenomenal.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>jjjoey
<Content>old but good This is an older hotel that needs a little work. (They have started updating some rooms). The service is always good.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>irishbellydancer
<Content>What a treat! I had always wanted to stay at this beautiful and historic property.Check in was fast, and friendly, and the cool towels were very welcome. Im a travel agent, and get great discounts. The downside of that, is we are often given bad rooms.Not true here! We were on the 8th floor of the tower. Loved the bathrobes, the banana bread was tasty, and we also took 3 days to go through the fruit and cheese plate. The hotel is closing for a grand refurbishment in the spring of 08. But believe me, they are not allowing any shabiness here.The Mai Tai Bar was as always up to standards, and we had a buffet breakfast that was outstanding. I do wish that a waitperson would have come out to the beach to serve, as I had a huge case of laziness. But I was to relaxed to really care!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>trustyinsider
<Content>Do you love old decor at an expensive price? I would rather stay at a more upscale luxury hotel for this price! The Marriott Ihilani, Halekulani (Highest Award from AAA) and the Kahala Hotel and Resorts is my idea of a true luxury hotel unless pink is your favorite color.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>spurg
<Content>Old Lady still has her charm We used a starwood promotion to book a suite. I think we got 50% off a 600$/suite. When we checked in, they put us in the new tower. It is fine, you are way up high, and the view is great, but it wasn't what we wanted. They then found a room in the old 3 story buidling. We stayed in a corner Jr. Suite on the 3rd floor. As you face the hotel from the water, it is the top left corner room (sorry I can't recall the room number). The bathroom is small but the room is huge and very quiet since you are on the corner: you have a view of waikiki and diamond head out the front and off to the side you can see the pool of the sheraton and the marina and pearl harbor in the distance. The grounds are lush, spread out, designed before space was at such a premium. Because of this, the hotel feels magically serene.I really enojyed our three nights there. Right in front, there is a seperate beach area reserved for guests which is really great. You can wake up late and still not worry about finding a spot.The hotel exudes history and I urge you try a stay in one of the ocean facing rooms in the old building.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pattayainsider
<Content>Still very worthwhile Waikiki isn't what it was in the 1950's, but it's still fun for what it is. If you're expecting peace and quiet and space, like a 5 star deluxe hotel on one of the other islands, you'll be disappointed. If you like luxury, and fun and convenience and location, the Royal Hawaiian can't be beat. We had rooms in the new tower, ocean front, with the lanai. The lanai is critical. If you're staying in the old wing, there are no balcony's/lanais, and it's a total waste to me. The new tower rooms are a little small, but the views are the best in Waikiki. I repeat that it's a total waste to be on vacation in Hawaii and NOT have a nice balcony to use. The old building with no balconys is quite obsolete to me.The buffet breakfast was fine. We had light lunches by the pool, which were fine. The evening outdoor bar entertainment at sunset was nice on the beach. The maid service was fine, everything worked, no smell, no mold, no mildew in our rooms. Convenience is the most important thing here... you can walk to so many other great places to eat, just steps away, AND you're still on the beach. They had a 50% off rate, still over $300 a night, but worth it. ONe of our rooms had the 4 pm late checkout (we had a nightflight on departure), which was great to have the late checkout. They also offer a free community room for those without late checkout where you can relax, watch t.v., even take a shower before your flight. Nice shopping inside the hotel, grounds still beautiful, beach still nice, service still good. It's no longer 1950, but it's still a great place to vacation... lots going on, not boring. Some of the other luxury hotels on other islands are DEAD after 5 pm. The Royal Hawaiian isn't. Still highly recommended by me.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>waltersb
<Content>The Pink Palace ExceedExpectations       The Royal Hawaiian front entrance  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Tsukubaman
<Content>A Beautiful , old lady ... with dripping mascara I wanted to like staying here - I really did! But, in the end, it wasnot at all as charming as I thought it would be.Check-in was lovely as we were upgraded without having to ask for it.However, the suite we received was not quite what I imagined: 2end floor, old hotel, ocean front- sounds good, yeah?! Well ... it was and it wasn't. View-wise, it was lovely; as far as furniture and interior, it looked like a used dorm room. I realize the room turn-over in Hawaii is tremendous, especially at popular hotels, but surely a single night's fee would replace an entire sofa and/or a chair or two! Sparse, well-worn and without a designer's eye is how Iwould best describe it. The Bedroom area was better however, but carpeting, generally - throughout the hotel, needs a face-lift. I've read here that they are closing soon for a 7 month make-over. This should help - and lucky you who come after.: )The Seafood Buffet (Fri. only) was a surprisingly great value. The staff were friendly (but WHO isn't in Hawaii?!) and efficient. Recommended; even if you aren't staying there, though you need a reservation.The pool/ beach staff were all wonderful and the location is excellent for anything you want to do in Oahu. If, like me, you REALLY MUST stay here once, I'd probably ask for a better room and pay more were I to do it again. I really think it is a matter of Sheraton/Starwood not having enough money (nor wanting to spend it) to take good care of this grand old lady, and make it the first class place it is rumored to be. I realize it is an old hotel and an icon and that maintenance costs must be enormous, but I would say to Starwood, don't buy it if you can't afford to keep it up. Sadly, in Canada, the Fairmont group seems to be in the same straights with the old CP hotel group including such icons as the Banff Springs Hotel - now a 3 to 3.5 star experience in a 5 star hotel, supposedly - except in the most excellent rooms. I'm glad I had a chance to stay here, but would go to the Halekalani, easily, next time, which cost about the same and was up to expectations. :(As well, be careful of the 'welcoming' message from Starwood Hotels' located, conveniently, in the main lobby'. They want to sign you up for a 90 minute presentation on a time-share purchase plan on Kauaii they are building. They offer 'presents', but don't bother unless youare really interested in said purchase - enjoy Hawaii instead! BewareMainlanders bearing gifts ... ; )!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>SunshineCoastSally
<Content>Loved the Royal Hawaiian! We stayed at the RH for 5 nights in early Oct and loved it. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a more olde Worlde  experience.It will be closed for 7 months very soon for some renovations ( which are desperately needed in the rooms). I love that everything ( towels, sheets, bathrooms etc) is pink!! The location is second to none, right on the beach with a roped off area for guests and plenty of lounges and umbrellas around the pool and the beach.This stretch of beach is the best as there is little or no rock.The staff are very accommodating, nothing is too much trouble and they are friendly.They have some entertainment nights for kids too, whcih is great.The location is fab, just walk out onto the main drag to markets, shops and restaurants.I would highly recommend it to anyone, especially when the reno s are completed.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>geekma
<Content>Mold and mildew galore! We arrived at the RH n October 8th. Check in was very fast and the staff were very friendly and expedient.We had booked an oceanfront room for two nights in the newer tower at a rate of $373/nt. Upon opening the door, we were assaulted with the smell of mildew and mold. We opened the lanai door, unloaded our stuff and went for a walk, hoping that some freh air would solve the problem. Unfortunately, when we returned it was just as bad as before. I have a severe allergy to mold and mildew and knew I could not stay in the room.I went down to the front desk and was given a key for another room. Unfortunately, it was as bad as the first room. So, we packed up our stuff and went down to check out. The front desk staff were very understanding and waived all of our charges. He even let me use the phone to book a room at the Hilton Hawaiian Village. (see my other review)We spoke with some other guests at the RH who didn't seem to have the problems we had, so perhaps we just had bad luck.The RH is closing next June for a much needed renovation. Word on the street locals is that they are closing b/c the mold and mildew problem is widespread and even dangerous in some areas of the hotel. Again, this is local scuttlebutt, and hasn't been verified.I do hope they get the problem under control; the RH is such a grand old dame, truly regal and deserves to be restored to her former greatness.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	4	1	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sunfish49
<Content>Where Royalty would stay @ Waikiki       Dawn Balcony  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Deltagurl
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous Upon our arrival, we were greeted with our fresh leis. Check in was quick. I took my niece along and my sister opted to pay for her room. Little did we know that she had faxed over her credit card and they processed it right away. Rooms were neat, clean. My step father had oxygen supplied and the hotel took careful measures to ensure that everything was set up for his arrival. The kids club was the thing I enjoyed most. While it was $35 per session 8A-1130A and 1P-5P. It was soooo worth it. They went to the zoo, aqarium, hunted jellyfish, finger painted, and a host of other things. They were fed at lunch which offered something like egg salad sandwiches, cookies, and milk. The only bad part was that you had to walk over to the Sheraton to drop them off.Other than that fabulous property. We even got to see a beautiful Japanese wedding in the courtyard.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>darsheep
<Content>Special Offer It was our honeymoon trip and we were expecting a wonderful stay, but it was a little bit disapponting that the stuff tried to move us into another hotel(sheraton waikiki)-although there were plenty of rooms available at that time(not overbooking), probably because we booked the hotel with a discounted rate. My wife really wanted to stay at the hotel, and this special offer(as they said) ruined our stay. The facility is nice, but their service was below average (at least) for us.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	1	4	4	

<Author>schnorrer
<Content>Charm and Class My wife and I stayed at this hotel on a recent 鈥渄elayed honeymoon鈥? It located on a very prime stretch of Waikiki beach with beautiful views of Diamond Head, surfers and outriggers, and is within easy walking distance to many good restaurants and shopping. The beach in front of the hotel is broad, without seawalls or jetties to get in the way, and there are few rocks or coral in the water to step on.The hotel is lovely to look at- it has a classic charm, with high archways, beautiful rugs and artwork, and gorgeous gardens with a variety of tropical plants. The hotel鈥檚 stucco-like surface and squarish shape makes it seem like a big sand castle that rose up from the beach! The pink color is not overwhelming, and complements the blue sky and blue water. Although this hotel is 鈥渃lassic鈥? the pastel pink color gives it a festive, fun vacation spirit. The lobby was quiet and grand, with little alcoves with wicker chairs and chaise lounges to relax in. Along the main lobby hallway are a few high-end shops, and it ends in an archway that opens onto a green lawn and then the beach and water beyond.Check-in was smooth and friendly- but we got there early and the room was not available until 2pm (check in time is 3pm). We were upgraded to an ocean-view room in the tower. Elevators were fast, the room was clean, no smell, it had a hi-def large TV, quiet and efficient air-conditioner, two phones and desk, large balcony with two chairs (鈥渓anai鈥?, modern bathroom, no mini-bar but the room had a good refrigerator, well-stocked coffee maker, free safe in the closet, internet for a fee, ironing board and iron in the closet, and free local newspaper each morning. The doors were card keyed. There were smoke detectors in each room. The swimming pool was smallish, somewhat old, but clean. The pool is located next to the beach, and very well heated. Cabanas were available, and plenty of chairs.We didn鈥檛 eat in the hotel restaurant for dinner, but had drinks at the outdoor Mai Tai bar, which had nightly Hawaiian music/light jazz entertainment and hula.Misc Tips:1) We searched very hard at the hotel鈥檚 website, and got a free breakfast package included. The breakfast buffet was excellent and extensive, but too expensive if not included in the room (so definitely get it as part of a room package). The Surf Room restaurant opens onto the beach and a great place to start the day.2) We originally reserved a room in the architecturally interesting original portion of the hotel, but accepted the tower for an ocean view upgrade. This worked out very well for us, as the tower elevators lead right out to the pool and beach. Since we spent our vacation days in our bathing suits and swimming, it was very convenient not to have to walk through the lobby with wet bathing suits! Also, the lanai with a view was a great escape from the midday sun, and a very relaxing place to have lunch.3) The hotel offers its guests a generous stretch of private beach, but get there early if you want a chaise lounge chair with an umbrella. (there were always plenty of lounge chairs, but the umbrellas went fast!)From reading other reviews, we had worried that this hotel had become a somewhat dated and worn-out 鈥淕rand Old Lady鈥?of the beach. Instead, we found the hotel beautiful, fresh, and charming. We would most definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>all4travel
<Content>Love Grand Old Hotels? The Royal Hawaiian is for you. My wife and I just returned from 5 fabulous nights at the Royal Hawaiian. If you love grand old hotels, then the Royal Hawaiian is for you. Yes, the rooms are smaller than some would expect. If you want large rooms, a larger pool, absolutely near perfect and up-to-date amenities and contemporary furniture then you would be better of at a newer hotel such as Hilton Hawaiian Village, Halekulani or Embassy Suites. This hotel exudes a warmth and grace from a time long gone. I hope it never changes.We stayed in the tower and were surprised how quiet the room was. We were directly across from the elevator and heard zero noise. There is construction throughout the area, again zero noise. Stay in the tower, spend the extra money and get a full ocean view with balcony. Go to their website and view images of every room style.The food, on the other hand, was a different story. We had the sea-food buffet and items that should be hot were lukewarm at best. Ditto with the breakfast buffet.We've stayed at the above mentioned hotels as well as the Hyatt Regency and Moana Surfrider. Would we stay at the Royal Hawaiian again? Absolutely! We'll just eat somewhere else or not get the buffet. Maybe we'll see you there at Christmas time!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Silvia6
<Content>Very Nice Hotel I stayed at the Royal Hawaiian with my wife and three children for six nights in August 2007. We had two adjoining Garden view rooms in the historic section of the hotel. We had a wonderful time during the stay. The hotel exceeded my expectations in all respects. The rooms were charming, and the beds were particularly comfortable. My only criticism is that the televisions were very small and old. Everyone who worked at the hotel was extremely nice. The breakfast buffet is great. I was particularly impressed with the concierge, who provided good recommendations regarding restaurants and activities throughout Waikiki. We walked through several other hotel lobbies in Waikiki, and I thought that the Royal Hawaiian was the nicest hotel, particularly given the great beach on the premises.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>worldtraveler80126
<Content>Lovely, Nostalgic hotel This is a wonderful nostalgic hotel; this pink palace was built in 1927. It is small, elegant, and situated right on the beach. For people who appreciate plants (all tropical), this is paradise. It is beautifully landscaped. The staff is very friendly and accomodating. There are many restaurants close to the hotel and lots of shopping as well. If you are looking for a huge hotel with lots of people and commotion, do not stay here. If you are looking for complete relaxation in an absolutely gorgeous atmosphere with a touch of nostalgia, this is your place. Having stayed in many hotels over the past years, it is hard to find one with quiet rooms. The rooms are very quiet at the RH. The Mai Tai Bar is real treat--great views of Waikiki Beach and Diamond Head and a variety of bands, most featuring Hawaiian music with hula dancers. On Friday nights, they offer a seafood dinner--this is worth the price and the view of the beach from the restaurant is fantastic. If you like sushi, they have a nice selection. All in all, my wife and I had a very nice time at the hotel and look forward to returning.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>saltyseadog6
<Content>Lovely location but stay in the old part We stayed here for the first leg of our honeymoon.We had initially booked in to the Tower wing as some of the photos I had seen made the old part of the hotel look dated. However, when we arrived, I was pretty disgusted by the state of the room in the tower wing. It was dated, sparse and smelled really strongly of bleach. I went back down to reception and explained that the room wasn't acceptable and that it was our honeymoon and the guy on reception did his best to help.For an extra $50 a night we took a suite in the old part which was about 10 times better than the tower wing room. I thought the old part of the hotel was far more charming than the tower.You can't fault the location of this hotel, it's right on the beach and Waikiki is really beautiful, which sounds bizarre given that there are so many high rises. It doesn't seem to affect the beauty of the place though somehow.If I go again (which I really hope to), I will stay at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider which is next door. They have just refurbished it and it now looks very elegant and modern. They also have a Honolulu Coffee Company coffee shop actually in the hotel and you must try the Kona coffee. It is out of this world.The only other hotel I would consider would be Halekulani which I believe is really beautiful.I would definitely recommend Waikiki but do make sure you choose the right hotel.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jkb1516
<Content>Think pink!       Garden view from our room's balcony  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>norcal_dave
<Content>Worth the Hassle? I had my family of 5 in 2 connecting rooms in the older garden view section. We liked the rooms just fine - the beds were wonderful and the rest of the room amenities just average. As a previous review indicated, you do have to get to the beach VERY early if you want to get an umbrella - a strange thing in a luxury hotel. You'd think they could invest in more umbellas. The food at the restaurant was very average and overpriced. Dukes and Hula Grill next door were much better.The private beach advertised is separated from the public section by a small chain...so don't think private means secluded. But I think that is true for all hotels in Hawaii. Waikiki beach is a great family beach in that it is shallow for well over 100 yards out.The biggest issue we had was a severe mix up on our reservation and room rate. The Starwood reservation agent promised one thing and the hotel expected something very different, at a much higher price. To their credit, the hotel eventually delivered what was promised, at a slightly higher rate than promised, but it was only after much discussion - not a pleasant way to start a vacation.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>gabe23
<Content>The only Pink Hotel I'll ever Request The hotel was great. We didnt even have a oceanfront room but the view of the gardens were amazing. We even had a dove laying eggs on the eve of the window. Every morning the buffet breakfasts were great and a refreshing way to start the day overlooking the beach at diamond head. Beautiful. It is conviently located to everything and i would recommend this to couples as well as families. It is a place for everyone.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>TravelinTwinkie
<Content>Great Historic Hotel! I think this hotel was perfect! Go for the Royal Luai! It's right on the hotel and one of the best! Yes, it is older, but the people and scenery makes up for it! I found it very quiet considering this hotel is right in the middle of the hust  bust of tourism.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>LovedAventura
<Content>Royal Hawaiian NOT worh the price My husband and I visited Hawaii for two weeks in July and decided to stay at the Royal Hawaiian on our anniversary night. Let me start by saying that this hotel is definitely not worth the price you have to pay. We stayed in a tower room with an ocean front view. The room itself looked like an average hotel room just covered in pink (which I expected). Check-in took about 30 minutes. We told them during our booking that we were celebrating our 1-year anniversary night expecting a Happy Anniversary upon check-in or maybe even some fruit in our room upon arrival---well, I guess we expected too much. There was nothing complimentary at this hotel besides the small bread loaf that comes with every room. You have to pay $5 for the bottled water they put in your room and we didn't even get a chocolate on our pillow. For the price we paid (over $400 for one night) I expected at least a call checking in on us or in the very least free water. The beach was extremely crowded (as Waikiki is), the pool was very small and the hotel was nothing spectacular. I will most definitely not be staying there again. On the bright side though...the Mai Tai bar is great and the staff there were fantastic.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Aussiegal15
<Content>Fantastic stay We stayed at this historic hotel in June for five days after a 13 day cruise from Tahiti. We had requested a room in the older part of the hotel and were given a wonderful ocean view room on the 3rd floor.The hotel was everything that we had dreamt about. The staff were excellent and we could not fault anyone. Our room was always spotless and the breakfast each day was memorable. We also enjoyed our drinks each evening in the Mai Bar. We loved the hotel and its attentive staff so much that we are planning to return in the not too distant future for a longer stay. The only trouble being the long flight across the Pacific Ocean. It truly is a gem and we hope it stays that way forever.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>carine89
<Content>Stop complaining- this is paradise! I'm so sick of people putting this hotel down for its faults. There are none. Yes, sometimes rooms are not ready by 3, yes, sometimes your food doesn't taste perfect, and yes sometimes there can be misunderstandings. Coming from someone who works at a hotel, you need to be more appreciative and less demanding and selfish. The hotel is a historic landmark on Waikiki- do you really expect some modern interior with flat screen tvs? Admire it for what it is and enjoy your time at this wonderful resort. This coming week will be my fifth time staying at the royal hawaiian hotel and I've always enjoyed every minute of it. The staff has always been very accomodating and the price of the stay there is worth every penny! I'd recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a wonderful stay on Waikiki beach. 5 stars!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cpassant
<Content>On the verge of excellence -- comedy of errors We were booked in the RH two nights before our Princess Cruise to Tahiti. The hotel is pink pink pink,the lobby beautiful, but a tad too much like the Tower of Terror at Disney World.We were assigned room 121 at check in (no lei provided either).The room was nicely appointed but really humid -- there was a smell of mildew in the air.But because we were exhausted after our flight from NYC, we sucked it up.The next day, we decided to request a room change. The front desk said they would work on it at lunch.When we returned, their solution wasn't a room change as we requested, but they said the room was sprayed. Huh?I immediately requested a room change. After the obligatory Let me ask the manager we checked out room 405. What a difference! The AC work, no musty smell and there was sunlight!So I returned to the front desk -- but here's the catch. I was then assigned a trainee to change rooms. Another BIG HUH? This added 15 minutes to my room change request.Also, internet didnt work inroom 405, another bad problem.At $400 a night, these problems should never have happened.This property needs work, big time.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Keniston
<Content>Beach chairs top priority My husband and I stayed at the Royal Hawaiian for six nights in early July, 2007. We stayed in the historic section. The rooms were a bit dingy, but charming, too, with the abundance of pink linens. I loved the gardens and open lobbies, but do beware of birds roosting in light fixtures and side gutters. One nailed the glass table-top next to me, as I was waiting to check-out--something you just never get used to.I have two suggestions for improving a visit to this hotel.1) Travel books claim that the best mai-tai in town is at this hotel in the bar named after this cocktail. I ordered one right after I checked in. It was o.k., not sensational, and it was pricey, despite beautiful view. The next night I ordered one at the bar at Duke's, a short walk over, and it tasted better, cost less and the location still provided the same beautiful view. 2) Guests from the near-by hotels can charge food and snag pool deck-chairs and beach chairs and umbrellas, so you are competing with a large number of people everyday for prime spots. The fact that you are spending $300+ a night for your room does not guarantee you a space at the pool or beach. The first day I got there at 11 a.m. and there was not an umbrella available. The pool person suggest I go up to people who had umbrellas down and ask them if I could use them. Call me shy, but that method did not appeal to me. The next morning, I got to the beach at 7:45 a.m. I secured a couple chairs and then went back to the pool person to beg for an umbrella. He graciously set it up for me. I tipped him accordingly. Once I figured out the system, I was doing o.k., but I really don't want to work this hard on vacation. Next time I am choosing a place where I can just flop at the pool or beach anytime I want and not be worrying about the absolute basics of a summer vacation.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>wbdvldog
<Content>Don't like the Pink Lady, go home! We've stayed at the Royal Hawaiian roughly 12 times and each time we've experienced superb service. Yes, the historic wing needs refurbishment, especially the rooms, but this is the charm. The hotel was built in 1927. What do you expect? We absolutely love it and always get a spectacular room.My idea of a Hawaiian vacation is staying at the Royal, not renting a car or going on any day trips. Our days begin with a jog to Diamond Head and back, breakfast, the beach by 10 a.m., lunch/drinks at the Mai Tai Bar around 1, the beach, change over by 5, back down to the Mai Tai Bar for drinks and entertainment, finally, dinner around 8 and in bed by 9:30. The same process is repeated for the rest of the stay.From the first stay at the Royal we have been treated very well by everyone from the staff at the front desk to the housekeeping staff. I think people tend to forget that you are in Hawaii where the lifestyle is a little slower than LA, NY or Chicago. People, leave the attitude at home. The demanding ugly American attitude is very old, unpleasant and definitely unnecessary. I find it funny reading these posting that people who complain the most get treated the worst. You see the connection here? We are always greeted with great joy from everyone at the hotel. The wait staff at the Mai Tai Bar know us and know exactly what we want to drink from day one. Same rings true with the staff at the Surf Room. We always request the same waiter when we have dinner here. We were here during spring break in April and will be there again for a week on July 27th. We can't wait. Over the years we have met people who have been traveling there for over 25 years. We are meeting up with them again this year. We simply cannot wait. It's always sad leaving the Royal, but that's when the planning begins for the next visit.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>PickE
<Content>Stinky old tired hotel. Stayed just for 1 night, thank god. Got a rate at 220 dollars. The room was on the 1st floor, very noisy and near the parking entrance. The room was old and tired and musty/stinky. The paint was peeling off, and the carpet had seen better days. Let's not even talk about the stains on the carpet. The bathroom was old, could tell no renovation done in over 10 years. Felt like a holiday inn at times. At least the bed and bedding was good. The pool is small and crowded and so is the beach. Food service is good, the breakfast buffet is excellent but pricey. This hotel is a total ripoff (even for Hawaii) given the value for money you are getting Would not stay again.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	4	1	4	4	-1	

<Author>HotelSnob2003
<Content>In the Pink at the Royal Hawaiian! We stayed at the RH for 3 nights in late June 2007 on the advice of friends who had stayed there in 2005. We booked a tower room and asked for a high floor, quiet area. We were given a 5th floor room at the end of the corridor. The room faced Waikiki west so we did not have a view Diamondhead, etc., but it sufficed.(At check-in, after a grueling 12-hour jaunt from the East Coast, the front desk said the computer was down' when I re-asked for a floor higher than the 5th.) Room was average, mattress was in need of revision, but the A/C and quiet worked well for us. Really, really loved the pink sheets and ultra-pink towels. Sunday breakfast buffet was nice, especially the refills of guava juice, and well, the view is to die for! Mai-tai bar service a little uneven, but who cares when you are sitting on the most famous beach in the world! We found all of the service folks in the bar and restaurant to be welcoming, albeit we had friendlier welcomes on the outer islands. Room service menu (after an exhausting day at Pearl Harbour and the Missouri) was average. We had a great meal at Duke's at the Outrigger next door (make reservations).(We asked to see a room in the historic section, and loved that too for future considerations.) RH is in a relatively quiet area, set back from the hubub of downtown Waikiki. Lotsa action on the beach side--luaus, wedding receptions, Outrigger Hotel singers etc.-- all part of the experience at staying in one of the premier spots on Waikiki. Overall, we loved the gardens, common areas:lobby lounges, etc. and the beach (sorry, I am guilty of nabbling some chairs early and using them all day). And the pink. We plan to return in 2009, and may make a week of the RH!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Cool_Aunt
<Content>Forego the Pink, cause it do STINK As seasoned travelers and frequent Hawaii visitors (we are the top level on both Hilton and Starwood, and Platinum on Hyatt) we have admittedly come to be quite demanding in our choice of hotels. But when you pay the big bucks for a well known, and almost revered Hawaiian hotel like the Pink Palace, you expect a little more...read on.We were told we were upgraded to an ocean view because of our Platinum starwood status. Although you could see the ocean, it was a poor view overlooking large green pipes in the foreground, and a small window (befitting the small room). The room was dinky, and shockingly dirty. This Sheraton was in one of the worst if not the worst conditions we have seen. The carpet was stained, the wallpaper was in disrepair, there were water stains by the air conditioning outlets, the bathroom had not been dusted. The shower was curtained, and was missing the normal curved out shower rod we have come to expect with the Starwood chain. While showering, you constantly were rubbed against by the wet shower curtain because the tub was so small. I wouldn't have dreamed of taking a bath because the room was so dirty.To be fair, the hallways and grounds are lovely and charming. The doors to the rooms are carved and gorgeous. But although we had booked a five-night stay, we checked out after one day and moved to the Hilton Hawaiian Village (which was heaven -- check out my review of this property if you want).We did complain about the room, but it was clear from the response of the front desk that they really didn't care. The employees and management of the revered Pink Palace have become complacent. Until they change their tune, our advice is STAY AWAY.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>ottofred
<Content>the "Aloha Spirit" lives! I have just returned from a seven night stay (June 25-July 2, 2007) at The Royal Hawaiian Hotel on Waikiki Beach. I was traveling with a friend and we weren't looking for a slick and modern hotel with all the gadgets and amenities. Our preference is always for an old, well-established and maintained hotel with history, character and charm, and the Royal Hawaiian has all of this in abundance. But that's not all . . . this was our first visit to Hawaii and as newcomers we were anxious to experience Hawaiian culture and that additional feature that we understood to be the Aloha Spirit. From the moment we arrived, greeted by lei, smiling doormen, bellhops and gracious receptionists, we felt this spirit and, in fact, encountered it the entire week, not only at the hotel but in our travels around Oahu.The hotel itself is a magnificent, pink, moorish-inspired structure built in 1927 with an orginal section replete with ornate towers and interesting architectural details, and a later-built high rise addition.The lobbies, corridors and verandas are open and were evidently built to capture the trade winds, those fragrant cool breezes that wafted through the hotel on even the warmest days. All is lovely and gracious. Gorgeous tropical flower arrangements and numerous potted orchids are placed in hallways and corridors. Scores of diligent workers can be seen sweeping, vacumning, polishing, mopping and dusting, along with gardeners presiding over the lush array of tropical foliage on the extensive hotel grounds. Pick up a brochure in the concierge's office and take yourself on a self-guided tour of the hotel gardens as I did, and you will come away with an appreciation of the beauty, abundance, fragrances and variety of Hawaiian flora. I especially remember the intoxicating perfume of the gardenia trees that framed a doorway I passed through each morning on my way to breakfast in the Surf Room. Also on this pathway you can find bananas, bunches of them, still on the trees, Ti leaf plants and a potted pineapple plant.The Surf Room is one of the Royal Hawaiian hotel dining facilities overlooking Diamondhead and Waikiki Beach where you can have your choice of either continental, a la carte or buffet breakfast. The servers are warm and friendly and do their part to keep the Aloha Spirit alive. The only weak link in any of the Royal Hawaiian facilities was, in our opinion, the Mai Tai Bar, where, on repeated visits for drinks, snacks and entertainment, we had difficulty getting and maintaining the attention of the servers. However, that didn't detract from the beach front location and the seascape views of sand and aquamarine ocean, equally impressive at anytime of the day, from dawn to sunset and beyond. In fact, one afternoon a double rainbow appeared, framing Diamondhead and dipping into the whitecapped surf. As if the view wasn't enough!Our room was in the original hotel on the 5th floor with lovely views of lush gardens, waving palms and the high rise buildings of Honolulu, with a backdrop of beautiful racing cloud formations billowing over the mountains from the windward side of the island. The room was charming, traditionally furnished, well air-conditioned and quiet. Just as we like it. When we sunk down each night into the comfortable beds and pulled the silky pink sheets (embossed with the Royal Hawaiian signature moorish tower logo) up to our chins, all was well with the world.For us, as we will certainly return to Hawaii in the future, there will be no other place to stay but The Royal Hawaiian, with its casual yet elegant ambience, with not one iota of stuffiness. We believe that we experienced the Old Hawaii in all its charm and warmth, one of the reasons that Hawaiian culture intrigues and enchants travelers from around the world. The Royal Hawaiian has managed to capture and bestow this intangible element upon guests, which for me, in summary, is the Aloha Spirit.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Florida_Island_Girl
<Content>Pink Palace The historic pink palace is such the epitome of Waikiki. Sadly, the lady needs some work. The pool bar/restaurant has little selection...and a $12 quesadillo and 3.50 lemonaide is a bit much. Little bar help at pool. Pool closes at 6pm! Unthinkably early for a Hawaiian beach. Private beach chairs close and get LOCKED up at 6 as well. PLEASE. For what you pay per night. 300 and up, this is ridiculous. Gardens are nice, but nothing super special. Stores so so, but I like the Hawaiian quilt store...very unique and Hawaiian.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Lindyloo1
<Content>Dining not as good as it was We stayed at the Royal Hawaiian a few years ago and I must say I found it old fashioned but still a beautiful building.We enjoyed our evening meals overlooking Waikiki Beach as at that time they were very good indeed - this time they had gone downhill considerably which is a great shame. If you weren't overlooking the beach and the sun setting I don't think you would dream of eating there.It is still however a lovely hotel inside but as a guide to anyone who is going, there is a very good cocktail bar next to the restaurant with the same view of Waikiki Beach and sunset that serves delightful cocktails and simply delicious snacks at affordable prices.One of the things that we found most surprising is that they are building some more shops in their grounds which, again, is such a shame. When we went we had to squeeze past building works to get to the hotel.There is a large brand new Sheraton a stones throw away which looks v.nice and, again, overlooks Waikiki Beach. As the Royal Hawaiin is a Starwood Hotel (Sheraton) we wondered whether they were not bothering anymore with the Royal Hawaiin ?  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>lisafeegs
<Content>Best Place in the World! This August will be my 5th time staying at the Royal Hawaiian Hotel. This is my favorite place to stay in Hawaii because it is so beautiful and unique from all the other hotels. All of the rooms are gorgeous- even coming from someone who had a non-ocean view room half of the time! The hotel is just the right size- they have some cute boutiques, beauty services, and amazing restaurants. They offer shuttles to many of the nearby attractions and their service is always so efficient. I love the Royal Hawaiian and would never stay anywhere else on my vacations in Oahu!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marfak
<Content>Excellent, Expensive, and Sometimes Frustrating       View From the Lanai  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	1	5	-1	

<Author>Clefsdorsf
<Content>Elegance and Charm in Waikiki The Royal has always been one of my favorite hotels. There are no fancy new TV's or iPod stations-- no hip lounge swith DJ music or stylish trendy decor. Instead--they have old world charm-- a staff full of the aloha spirit--and a spectacular beach front location that is the best in Waikiki. We enjoyed every moment of our stay-- and have already made a reservation to come back next year. We stayed in a suite in the historic building and loved the high ceilings and traditional decor. Friends were in the modern tower wing--and loved the views and balcony. If you don't need the latest gagets in your room and like a bit of history in your hotel--you'll see why the Royal is the most famous hotel in Hawaii.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gweede
<Content>Quaint but boring We stayed at RH for five nights in a historic room. I'm glad we got to experience this historic hotel but would have preferred to stay only one or two nights. There were no problems with our room or maid service, but felt the atmosphere was a bit dull and boring. After many days of getting up early to go off snorkleing or exploring. We like to go back our room and lounge for a while, get ready for dinner off-site, and then come back to hang out at the pool or bar. The tiny pool closed at 6:00 p.m. There is no hot tub at this hotel. They bring in all the lounge chairs off the beach also at 6:00 p.m., so the only way to enjoy the sunset is to sit at the outside bar but finding a good spot next to the beach is difficult. We would've enjoyed lounging on a chair on the beach and watching the stars alongwith the roaring waves. I asked why the chairs are removed so early, they said it was so those in the restaurant could enjoy the view of the ocean.This hotel is fine for older adults who like the quiet and who turn in after dinner. YAWN.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HUNDEN
<Content>Liked the pink palace Just got back from one week at Royal Hawaiian Hotel, Waikiki, stayed in the newer Tower. Everything went pretty smoothly and it was a pleasant stay except for a couple flaws:1. Upon arriving from a 5 1/2 hours flight from California, we arrived at Hotel at 11:00 a.m. because of our flight time landing, our room wasn't ready, no one mentioned the extra room lounge area, so we walked around Waikiki, killed time and got back to front desk 3:00 p.m. when they said room would be ready, room still not ready!, they said they were fully booked and had a staff shortage of maids!, solution Hire more maids!, then the lady told us to use the lounge on second floor for guests waiting, and gave us two free drink tickets for the bar, then around 5:00 p.m. our room was ready, we were so tired and jet lagged that we slept the whole time and missed Saturday night in Waikiki. 2. This incident only would be a reason for us to never use this Hotel again. 3. We have traveled to Hawaii many times and every hotel has given us our room early if we arrive early without us ever asking. The airlines and hotels should co-ordinate their flight times and hotel check in times since all people visiting Hawaii are flying in , except for the ones taking a 5 days cruise in, we cannot drive to Hawaii, and most people probably arrive from long flights prior to check in. If Hotel does not have enought maids, hire more maids! We talked to another couple whom had stayed here before and were staying here now and the same thing had happened to them. We are just afraid of checking into this hotel again and having to wait 5 hours to get our room.The food at the hotel restaurant was good. The Cabanas' by the pool were $75 a day plus tax of $3.00 approx. so that is $78approx. a day, they don't tell you about the tax until you sign up for the Cabana, it was easy to get a Cabana and pool chairs. They should take credit cards or cash for Cabana payment, get it set up, the beach desk only will charge it to your room, you sign a slip and they won't give you a copy of the slip, they should have an extra copy to give you. Pool water was warm. We went in off season before all the children got out of school. Buffet was good, but the indoor and outdoor restaurant had birds walking all over the floor and setting on empty tables with uncleared dishes eating out of the leftovers, ugh!!!!! Luau at Royal Hawaiian was good, if you are staying at Hotel you get $20 off per person for Luau, we booked Luau before we left California. We had an Ocean View room and it was clean, need more pictures on wall behind T.V. rather bland. Housekeeping was spotty. 3. It is a big rip-off that the hotel would charge you $20 a piece for the 2 Kuokooie Nut Necklaces they have in your room, (one in bathroom and one on bed, you put on bed to request sheet change) the high nightly price staying Royal Hawaiian would justify them giving you the Kuokooie Nut Necklace for free, or not having the necklace at all, we have gotten better and cheaper Kuokooie nut necklaces elsewhere. The Kaanapali Beach Hotel on Maui will give each person in your party a FREE Kuokooie nutshell necklace with a kiss and hug and Aloha upon departing. The Royal Hawaiian is in a good location near main drag. The above is a constructive criticism of the Hotel and as I said the Hotel and service was fine and nice the rest of the trip. 4. The service at the Pool. Well, the first day we were in a Cabana Bob or Rob an older gentleman worked his butt off giving excellent food and drink service walking up to everyone asking if they needed anything many times, very personable fellow. He is an excellent employee and deserves high praise. If you ever get his service give him a big tip, he is well worth it. Three days later a girl named Tina was the pool server, walked around carrying a menu, but rarely walked up to people asking to help, walked around a lot, she did ask us once if we needed anything and did bring us our food and water, but didn'[t come around a lot to see how we were doing. We had to walk up to her to get stuff later. She was pleasant but could have worked harder. We are not picky people and we are nice and patient and polite to everyone working there, and realize mistakes will be made. All in all the Royal Hawaiian is good. Very clean rooms great Ocean view. 5. The Royall Hawaiian Hotel concierge was not that helpful. We tried to book the Polynesian Cultural center through Royal Hawaiian Hotel's Concierge, she said on Monday the Polynesian Cultural center was closed so she couldn't get us tickets, she couldn't get us a rent a car, etc. We walked right over to Outrigger to Pleasant Hawaiian Holiday desk and they called and booked on Computer Polynesian Cultural center tour and rent a car right then and there. Concierge at Royal Hawaiian should have ability to book on computer Polynesian Cultural center.6. Polynesian Cultural center is an all day affair. It was grueling. They have you do a lot of walking, many elderly people on visit. The first canoe ride through the villages was bland. Expecting dancers and colorful uniforms in front of each village, had people partiipate in games that could have been skipped. It would have been better to just go for Nice IMAX theater movie and lovely evening show only. The buffet of beef and crab was so, so, waitress didn't clear tables often enough, we cleared our own. Food so so. Went on Dinner sunset cruise, booked through Pleasant Holidays desk, was nice. 7. Elevator near pool in new tower at Royal Hawaiian when coming in from pool area and facing elevators the elevator on far right will automatically default to Floor 14 every time you take elevator, no one pushing button on Floor 14, we always went to our room which was several floors below Floor 14, after many times this default to Floor 14 was annoying and time wasting. Glitch. Hope this review was helpful, and would recommend everyone try Royal Hawaiian Hotel at least once.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	1	3	1	

<Author>bonesting69
<Content>Waikiki Couldn't Have Been Better! Thank You, RH!!       USS Arizona Turret 3 Foundation Still Looming Above Pearl Harbor  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>rbnlyn
<Content>We loved it! We just returned from a fabulous week at the Royal Hawaiian. I wanted the hawaiian experience with all the fun stuff of Waikiki beach and that was exactly what we got.First of all, we booked the least expensive room (garden room) and they put us on the fourth floor of the original building overlooking the pool and beach...fabulous views. The room was good sized with huge ceilings and average bath, walk in closet, gorgeous floral wallpaper and king sized comfy bed. Like being in a bed and breakfast,. The gardens of the hotel were serene and relaxing to return to after spending the day shopping (minutes away) or on the beach. Lets face it, there are crowds at Waikiki beach and on the street, and the Hotel and its gardens were perfect after all the crazy people.Mai Tai bar was fun, we ate there at least five times. The actual beach and water was to die for, definately the best on Waikiki. My husband surfed right off the shore and had a great time.We also ate at Dukes and Chucks right next door and both experiences were great.I am not sure what all the complaining about this place is, because we were there during the Don Ho memorial (20,000 people on the beach) and still had a fabulous time at the Royal Hawaiian Hotel...and definately will be back!  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SurfriderCA
<Content>Loved the Royal Hawaiian! Just returned from Honolulu where I spent a night at the Royal Hawaiian! What a great place. And what history!TripAdvisor is an amazing site because it has really helped me to make some decisions on where to stay....and where not to stay. I'm glad though that in the case of the RH I didn't pay much mind to those who didn't enjoy their stay, and decided to stay here anyway. It's unfortunate that some did not have a pleasant experience.Mine was exactly the opposite.I would disagree with the impression that the staff wasn't knowledgable. I found them very helpful.Every need and request I had was attended to immediately.Was the room dated in some ways? Yes.It's an old hotel! That's what happens. I see it as part of the charm. At least it was clean. Very clean. And very comfortable.If you want a brand spankin' new hotel, stay at one of the many modern palaces lining Waikiki. There are certainly plenty of them.The Royal Hawaiian was very stylish, and it was a pleasure staying there.When I research hotels, it doesn't take much time to realize which hotels are new, and which aren't. I knew of the history of the Royal Hawaiian, but even if I hadn't, it wouldn't have taken me long to figure out it's an old hotel. And with those years of longevity come the inevitable structural aging as well.Despite its age, it was a pure joy! Was it expensive? Yep. But worth the experience in my opinion.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>soonerfans
<Content>Charming hotel on Waikiki We stayed at the Royal Hawaiian for 2 nights (April 15 and 16) and were very pleased. We chose it because it seemed so Hawaiian. If you like old buildings and architecture, you'll like this hotel. It's very charming, but if you're in the original building, remember, it's old. Don't expect it to be like the new high rises. When we arrived we were greeting very warmly with leis and had champagne waiting for us in our room (it was our 10th anniversary) along with banana nut bread (yum!). We were in room 558 which was a garden view but at the end of the hall. This was the quietest hotel room I've every stayed in. The room was small but clean and comfortable. The pool is also small but considering how crowded everything is, it's not surprising. The views of Diamond Head were wonderful. I felt like I was living in a post card. While in Honolulu we took a Roberts Hawaii tour to Pearl Harbor and then a short drive through the city. Pearl Harbor is amazing, but go early! We left the hotel at 6:30 AM. We want to take our kids there when they're older and can appreciate what they're seeing.Waikiki is very crowded. If you're looking for a quiet, relaxing, get-away... don't go to Waikiki. After 2 days, we went to Maui and that was the perfect plan. A couple of exciting days followed by 5 relaxing days. We would definitely stay at the Royal Hawaiian again. I felt like I had stepped back in time. One other thing... if you don't like pink, find another hotel. Everything (and I mean everything) is pink... sheets, carpet, towels, soap, napkins... even the grout between the tiles in the bathroom. This is a very charming hotel.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nikswrx
<Content>OK hotel, friendly staff...but there are better deals in Waikiki I stayed here for one night to cash in some of my Starwood Preferred Guest points. I wanted to stay at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider right down the street, but all they would offer me is a room with two twin beds, so instead I chose a garden view room here, with a king bed.All of the staff members were great. My boyfriend and I were greeted with fresh leis upon arrival. The front desk clerk was great, superb service! And we were able to check in early, which I wasn't expecting! The housekeepers always greeted you with an aloha and a smile as you walked to and from your room. Everyone there just really makes you feel welcome! We had a garden room in the historic, older section of the hotel. It was on the 4th floor, and looked out onto the valet area, which sounds bad but there are beautiful old trees and lots of greenery there so it actually seemed very serene. The hotel is set back from the busy street which means it is quieter here than the other hotels. (Even with the cars pulling in outside). We could hear the birds, and sometimes one would come sit on our window sill which was cute!There was also a loaf of banana bread and some jam set out for us, with a little card. A really nice touch!The room itself was....interesting. The bed is very high, and I am pretty tall (5'8) but I kind of had to climb up onto it. I could imagine this would be hard for older people, or short people. The ceiling was very high, which made the room seem very spacious. The bathroom was a generous size, and the pink towels were very soft and fluffy! (Usually I find hotel towels to be pretty thin and scratchy.)Yes, there are some small problems with the room....it does feel sort of old (e.g, the paint on the bathroom door was peeling) but since I live in a century old-home I don't find that sort of thing bothersome. I can appreciate the historic nature of this hotel.But for the rates this hotel charges, there are some things that they really should address. For one, the bed is not really comfortable, and the sheets and comforter seem like the same ones that you would see in a budget motel. Same with the tv...it was very tiny. Also, having a small fridge might have been nice. (We stayed in a less expensive hotel for another 3 nights in Waikiki, and it had a much more comfortable bed, 32 flat panel tv, and a fridge.)I would probably stay here again, mainly because of the friendly staff, and great location. But I just can't justify the price. You can get a much better deal in Waikiki.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>UK123
<Content>So,So An old hotel in a good location.I am a travel agent lucky enough to visit both here and the Westin in Maui. This hotel is one of the oldest in Waikiki and it unfortunately shows. It is not a five star really and there is by far better hotels in Waikiki, the Sheraton next door for example.It was a ten minute walk from the reception area to the room. Rooms ok, comfy enough beds and good views over the overly packed beach at the front of the hotel on Waikiki beach.This is a hotel for those happy with the crowds and maybe the younger generation as there is lots of bars and clubs nearby.Not my cup of tea as a bit too packed out.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>dgtray
<Content>Great place and great service       View of the hotel from the beach  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Beach02
<Content>Great Service, Fantastic Vacation I have to say, thanks to the staff at the Royal Hawaiian, this has been one of the best trips that I have been on.The location of the hotel is excellent, I was always able to find a chair at the pool, no matter what time of day, the grounds are beautiful and well maintained and the staff were so friendly and helpful at all times.In walking through many other hotels in the area, the Royal Hawaiian definitely felt like a private resort rather than a busy city hotel...can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>nappieb
<Content>A Royal Pain! I'll never stay here again!I had used a room upgrade coupon to make the booking, but needn't have bothered... the room I got (after a fairly unfriendly check-in!) seemed to be more of a DOWNGRADE than an upgrade. I compained at the front desk after 2 days, but they seemed totally uninterested in my comments or complaint.I was on a business trip and needed to look my best for the various meetings, but was surprised and disappointed to learn that the room did not have a hairdryer. I had to call three times to get a hairdryer delivered to the room and eventually had waited over two hours for that item before it arrived..The entire hotel looked dated and (in places) decrepit! The staff were less than helpful and not knowledgeable about local attractions any distance outside of Honolulu.Food and service were below average - hence add overpriced to my list of complaints!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	1	2	1	1	2	

<Author>NAVYCHASE
<Content>A HUGE LET DOWN Extremely Dated and Overated Hotel       Dated 19  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>22man
<Content>An oasis of civilization in a sea of humanity This hotel matches some of the great Asian Hotels for service and comfort, not to mention location. Although Oahu, and particularly Waikiki, are not my first choices for a Hawaiian vacation, if you have to be there (loke me), the RH is your best choice.Thanks to other reviews on Trip Advisor, I requested a Tower room because I wanted a lanai and a view. We looked directly down on the pool and beach and had excellent sunsets.The room was large and clean and the hotel grounds are beautiful. If you want a walk of about a mile and a good breakfast head over to Eggs and Things - it's on the main drag. Great groceries.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nanicinema
<Content>Kind and Gracious Staff My family stayed at the Royal Hawaiian during a very difficult time - my mother was on her deathbed and doing home hospice and we couldn't stay at my parents house (who live in Honolulu). Needless to say we weren't into having a wild time in Waikiki. We wanted to be some place quiet and homey - a retreat from days spent saying good-bye to my mom - and therefore I immediately thought of the Royal Hawaiian. It had been my mother's favorite hotel in Honolulu since we moved there in the late 1960s. Only problem was that they were fully booked for a convention! However they managed to accomadate us - a miracle really - and gave us a very large suite in the old building. It was really quiet despite the convention. The hotel staff were kind beyond belief. At one point the front desk manager babysat my five year old daughter while I had to take care of an urgent matter. We stayed for over two weeks - so we really got to know the hotel and staff. It really felt like home during one of the worst times in my life. It's true the rooms need upgrading - but if you want quiet and charm in Waikiki this is it - everything else is boring. The beach is fantastic. It's not a Ritz or Four Seasons - so please don't expect that - but it is good for what it is - an old world hotel. And you're in the center of everything. I will always remember the staff's kindness. Mahalo.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>Intruder3303
<Content>Good one            
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>FrankDrebin
<Content>Great Historical Charm            
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TravelGirl1129
<Content>Royal Hawaiian is overrated We booked this hotel using Starwood points over the Moana Surfrider based on tripadvisor reviews. We were there in Late Jan 2007. We were looking for something with some more character than the standard high-rise hotels. However, I feel we would have been happier staying at the Moana Surfrider after all, or any other hotel on the beach. Check in was fine and the hotel has a lovely lobby, we were greeted with leis, and we managed to upgrade to an oceanrview room in the original building. We should have saved our points and stayed in a gardenview, as they was no lanai and, while the view was very nice and we LOVED listening to the hawaiian music from the band down at the Mai Tai Bar (the one night they played), it was a regular sized window, nothing special to justify the extra points (or $$, if paying). Other than that, we were fine with the room, while small, it was clean and somewhat charming, although definitely overpriced. I also read on their website that we recieve fresh banana bread in our room but we never received it. The bed was comfy. The room could have been more quiet, though, because the people next door were LOUD at all hours. We had an adjoining suite so maybe if it hadn't been connected it might have been quieter.They do have a nice beach but the beach/pool staff isn't terribly helpful. The location is great since it's central to a lot in Waikiki. One thing that really bugged us was they made us give up our chairs and towels before sunset and we really had planned to watch the sunset in our chairs. Basically, while we could have sat on the sand, we felt it was their way of forcing more people to the bar to pay a lot of $$ for drinks. So alas, we retired to the bar after all. Re: the Mai Tai Bar, it was fine during the day and early evening, but DEAD at night. Not sure if it was a weather issue (high winds when we were there) so we went to the bar at the Moana Surfrider which had a bit more going on, with a band despite the winds, etc. Lovely outside area at the Moana Surfrider with a huge banyan tree (just watch where you sit...you don't want a bird over you!)We had lunch a couple times at the Mai Tai Bar. While over-priced, the food was decent. Nothing special. Drinks were fine but a bit inconsistent, depending on who made them. Parking stinks because you have to park at the garage on the other side of the Sheraton WAikiki next door and finding it the first time was a bit confusing. They just need clearer signs, that's all. PROS:Central locationGroundsBeachCONS:ServiceCostParkingLast words - we had a very nice meal at the Ocean House restaurant at the Outrigger Reef hotel. Also, rent a car and drive the Island! Waikiki/Honolulu is like Los Angeles, outside of that city you get a better sense of real Hawaii. The island is small and completely driveable (you can forgo 4 wheel drive on Oahu.)  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bethannsd65
<Content>Awesome hotel, excellent service My husband has some business to attend to and I opted to tag along. I had a choice of several hotels, and chose the Royal Hawaiian on a whim, as it looked so interesting on its website. After booking it, I then went onto Trip Advisor and read the reviews. Needless to say, I had serious second thoughts and was very hesitant to stay here. I am so glad we did as we had an excellent stay. First of all, Glenn at check-in is professional and courteous. He was a pleasure to work with. We were greeted with a fresh Lei and treated wonderfully. Our Starwood Preferred Card was not able to be found in the system, and Glenn got it fixed, with no hassle and a minimum of time. He then upgraded us to a beautiful suite on the 5th floor. We were in the OLD tower. It was fine. The rooms were large, well decorated and clean. The decor was superb. The bed was comfy. There was a fridge and complimentary water daily. AC was perfect, we had a garden and slight ocean view. Nightly turn-down and chocolates on the pillows. The bathroom was small, but how long is anyone in there, anyhow? Our suite had a huge living room and we could have hosted a party for 50 people and had more than enough space. The beach is just outside, and we had no problems getting a chair and umbrella every morning. There was no horrendous line or crowds like we read about. We got chair side drink service on the beach. There is a little snack bar with burgers, etc right there as well. The food was pricy, but it's pricy all over Waikiki. The driveway to the hotel and the hotel itself is an oasis in the middle of such a busy city. The hotel is just tucked away and secluded. Incredible gardens and large trees. very lush and green, open and just a beautiful place. Stores (Louis Vuitton, my fav) are right across the street. The concierge was helpful and found us some great restaurants. We also went on a dolphin excursion and whale watching on a big (20 person or so) pontoon boat and snorkeled with the dolphins. Was great and worth the money. We booked that excursion through all hawaii tours on line.They picked us up on time, had a fresh fish lunch, and we saw dolphins and whales. This was a wonderful hotel and we would absolutely come back again. There were not many kids (and we left ours at home!). But it was Jan and not school vacation time. This is a great hotel and don't let the other negative reviews scare you off. A+++++++  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravellersRest
<Content>Paradise Found! Wow! What a taste of Paradise!We flew out to Oahu on hooneymoon to join a South Pacific cruise and stayed here to start the holiday. Our suite overlooked Waikiki Beach and Diamond Head. Stunning! Stunning! Stunning! This hotel must be one of the best in the world. 'The Pink Palace of the Pacific' - gotta be seen to be believed. Check in and you get your Lei. It was all like a dream. The 'Mai Tai' bar on the beach - home to the original Mai Tai cocktail. Pick up a towel from the pool valet and then walk on the private beach and straight into the clear blue sea. As you may have gathered, we don't have one single criticism of this hotel. We can't wait to go back one day.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SanduskyOh
<Content>I am now in love with pink I felt lilke a princess, a very old one but they greeted us with so much enthusiasim. first a lei around your neck the the biggest smiles and welcoming. You fell like you belong right from the beginning. we used room service frequently, it was so promp and so good, everything. the banana bread alone is worth the trip. In the morningw we made coffer and enjoyed our bread. simply wonderful. I left the pool one day to wander around and llow and behold a quilt shop, now that was for me, what a treat. the pool always had room for us, the beach was great. And for our room, we had on older on over the gardens. we loved it the minute we walked in, we were definately in the pink. we loved the sheets, the pillows were fabulous, the towels large and luxurios, and the warm and friendly help, they weer so gracious and helpful, but I dont want to leave out the best part. Sitting at the MaiTai bar. the bar tenders were so much fun, the drinks were great, as well they should be, $9.00 . my husband loved his mai ties and I discovered blue hawaiians. If you want to spend a little special time in a beautiful setting this is it.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>babygoon
<Content>Historic Jewel on the best part of Waikiki beach       View of Waikiki looking down the hotel lobby  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveladdict-7
<Content>Bed was 30 years old This hotel was very nice. The pool and beach access was great. We stayed three nights. The biggest problem was the bed. It was really old. It took my fiance and me four days before our bodies recovered. I would have switched rooms and requested a better bed, but I didn't realize what the problem was until it was too late.Everything else was nice. If you want to stay here, ask for a room with a newer bed. I believe there are old and new sections of the hotel.My fiance chose this hotel very carefully - for the Hawaiian experience. He proposed to me on this trip and he wanted it to be special. I felt bad for him because this hotel experience put a damper on the trip. My back and neck were so bad that it interfered with my activities and I had to stay on Motrin. One other problem was that we called down for our car and 45 minutes later we discovered that no one went to get it. This set us back an hour and we had a lot planned for that day.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Lvv2trvl
<Content>Beautiful Gem! Absolutely loved this hotel. The location you absolutely cannot beat...it walking distance to tons of shopping, restaurants etc. The history behind this hotel is fascinating. Try and get a hotel tour of the historyl. Having a mai tai in the outdoor beach front restaurant/bar area with views of Diamond Head were fabulous. The kids played on the beach while me and my husband drank our drinks and relaxed. Service was fine, the breakfast buffet was a very nice. Definitely would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bigredhouse
<Content>The Royal Hawaiian met expectations In November/December, we stayed at the Royal Hawaiian on our first night in Hawaii and our last three in a four-week 10th Anniversary trip. I read alot of reviews for Honolulu hotels and chose the Royal because it honestly seemed like the best of some fairly average hotels in our price range. We got basically what we expected: The tired rooms need renovation; the grounds and the lobby are beautiful; it's right in the middle of the action; the staff is fine although everyone seems to want to be tipped just for doing their jobs. A mix-up with our room took time and patience to resolve (the first was not the non-smoking requested but rather reeked of cigarette smoke; the second had not been cleaned (Housekeeping called later to try to return the jewellery that had been left behind by another guest to us!); the third was fine. The bellman who led us from room from room was great and the manager apologized with free buffet breakfasts, which was classy. He seemed sincerely diappointed with what had occurred, which is all a traveller asks for, right? Stay clear of the Mai Tai Bar if you want anything resembling good service. Our biggest learning would be to try to avoid Honolulu altogether - head out to Kauai, Maui, Heavenly Hana (stay overnight). Alan Wong's was the best restaurant in Honolulu - sit at the Chef's Counter for the best entertainment in town!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>mince963
<Content>Mixed feelings My wife and I spent a weeks honeymoon at the Royal Hawaiian in October 2006 following our wedding in Las Vegas and a wonderful week of 5 star luxury. We were looking forward to a week of paradise after travelling half way around the globe. On arrival at the airport which is a concrete 70's monstrosity we arrived in Waikiki in the darkness and I have to say the high rise jungle was not what I had envisaged. The hotel itself was a pleasent suprise surrounded by exotic plants and burning torches lighting the way. It really looked impressive, a different experience for the usual modern concrete boxes. We were very disappointed not to be offered a flower lei on arrival by the staff as everyone else appeared to be wearing one and we wished to feel part of the cultural experience having never visited the islands before. Our travel agent had requested a honeymoon upgrade if available but none was forthcoming. We stressed the occasion to Bobby on check-in however he assured us that a fantastic room over looking the coconut grove had allready been reserved for us.Our garden view room was a shock to say the least and not of the nice variety. The room was dark with heavy floral wall paper, a very tired dark green carpet and a crack in the ceiling to rival anything we had seen in the Arizona desert. The view from the (no balcony) window was obstructed by a flat roof and directly opposite was the scaffolding adorning the building works on the shopping centre.The worst suprise was the bathroom which was miniscule, as pink as the exterior and with antique fittings.It goes without saying that there was no gift of wine, fruit or flowers to mark the occasion.On the plus side the bed was something special. I have never been as comfortable or slept as well.On a brighter note the location of the hotel and the pool area was great. The staff were friendly and we really enjoyed the pool and mai tai bars. Try the pink beer! We had a massage at the spa in the complex and it was wonderful if a little expensive.The surrounding area is a great experience, the Cheesecake Factory, Hula Grille and Coconut Willy's bar in the market.We were due to check out on the day of the quake and had to stay an extra three nights due to the cancelled flight.The staff were helpful and we were moved to another room which was a big improvement.( Obviously at our own expence ) We did get some free coffee and were able to buy a make do breakfast but other than that there was no other food all day. All in all we loved the island and would definatley return one day. The hotel was charming and after the initial suprise we did not regret staying there as it is worlds apart from anywhere we have stayed before and is like living in a 40's movie.I think the key is to look at some photo's of the rooms so you know what to expect and mybe be more vocal if you are not satisfied.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>TheRealMC
<Content>We loved this hotel - what a great experience! We stayed at the Royal Hawaiian in December for 4 nights during a really busy time - the 65th anniversary of Pearl Harbor and the Honolulu Marathon were both taking place while we were there, and the hotel was completely sold out. Regardless, my husband and I were upgraded to an ocean-view room (from a garden-view) when we arrived.Granted, the rooms are a bit worn (minimally stained carpet, a slight tear in the wallpaper), but the ambiance and grounds of the hotel, as well as the staff, far exceed any minor details!As stated above, there were a few imperfections with the room. However, the bed was extremely comfortable (I think it was a Sheraton Sweet Sleeper bed) and our room was quite large. Our ocean view room in the historic wing did not have a balcony (but the windows did completely open). The hotel is absolutely beautiful and it is on the best stretch of Waikiki beach. The grounds are gorgeous - so lush and quiet - which is totally different from the scene in Honolulu and on Waikiki Beach.The hotel is in a great location, in the middle of everything. Our favorite place to eat was Duke's Canoe Club at the Outrigger hotel next door. Really good food any time of day, very reasonable, and a great ambiance.The Mai Tai bar is great. We had some fabulous mai tais that were quite strong and well worth the price. We ate at the seafood buffet in one of the hotel restaurants (I believe it's only on Friday nights, at about $50 per person) - it was definitely worth the $50 each and the food was excellent.What really made our stay at the Royal Hawaiian so special was the hospitality. All of the staff were so friendly and went out of their way to make us feel welcome. As previously stated, the hotel was completely sold out, yet the bell staff from one day to the next remembered us, where we were from, what we had done that day or the day before...and the only time we saw them was when we were leaving or entering through the lobby to retrieve or drop off our car. The housekeeper who was responsible for our room stayed past the normal cutoff for cleaning (3:00 PM) in order to clean our room, which we never asked her to do (we just assumed we had missed the cleaning for the day). The concierge was great with ideas and recommendations for what to do and when to go. The bartender at the Mai Tai Bar was fun and entertaining and made delicious strong drinks. All of the hotel staff we encountered were just wonderful - we can't say enough about them!We loved this hotel and definitely will be going back in the near future! What a fantastic experience!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Girl_Lawyer
<Content>Best Choice, Given the Options I had great expectations for the Royal Hawaiian, as my parents and grandparents have always considered it the height of luxury on Waikiki. I did not want to stay in a high rise, but wanted to stay somewhere with a bit of history. My expectations were only partially met, however. The lobby and grounds were beautuful, and the location can't be beat. We woke up early every day and got lounges and umbrellas on the beach and swam before the beach got too crowded. The Royal Hawaiian truly has the best stretch of beach on Waikiki. We were also able to walk to the Hilton and several other hotels, and Duke's and the Hula Grill, next door, were convenient for meals. We did not eat at the Royal Hawaiian, other than appetizers at the bar, because we felt it was extremely overpriced. The Mai Tai bar was great for sunset cocktails, though, and the live entertainment was wonderful. It's also a good place to sit and enjoy the entertainment from the luau on Monday nights if you don't want to pay for the full luau experience.On the downside, the interior of the hotel just seemed a little... tired. I have stayed at much nicer and more well-kept luxury properties. Our garden view room in the historic wing was a disappointment. The carpet was old, it was dark, and the bathroom was tiny with dirty basins and horrible water pressure. I noticed that the rooms across the hall were much nicer, so apparently this varies.The service, too, was nothing special. The valets were helpful with directions, but some obviously expected a tip for doing little more than pointing us in the right direction. Maid service was not what I'd expect from a luxury property. We came back to the room for a quick shower just as the maid was entering, and she insisted on making us wait while she (hurriedly) cleaned our bathroom and room, rather than coming back later as we requested.Overall, I would stay here again, given the options. We got a great rate, however; I would not pay the advertised $300-450 rates to stay here.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>JKACSK
<Content>Beautiful Stay We loved our stay at the Royal Hawaiian. The hotel was beautiful, valet service was great and the customer service was outstanding. We stayed in the Garden Room which was just o.k., but it worked being so close to the beach. The shopping and beach are so close we walked just about everywhere. Had a great time!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>bruha50
<Content>unwelcoming, overrated and overpriced       molds on tile grout in bathroom  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	1	1	

<Author>feelgood56
<Content>A piece of old Hawaii in Waikiki       The Royal Hawaiian from the beach  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Sunnyhoney00
<Content>Local Says, 'Choose something else' As locals, we rarely get a chance to stay in Waikiki and play tourists. I've always wanted to stay at the Pink Hotel because it is such as famous landmark.The grounds and public spaces are gorgeous and awe inspiring of the true old Hawaiian way. At first blush, everything looks great.Then you notice that it is not a true 5 star property. It is a solid 3 star property, because of the beach access, and grand public areas.It falls short of a 5 star hotel because thestaff will point to where you will go, not take you there. They act like they are important, but really can't make the decisions to make small adjustments. (For instance, I asked about a late check out time the day before, and was told to call in the morning. I got the feeling the reception desk just couldn't be bothered. My promised Coconut Grove room turned out to be over the motor court, or as the front desk corrected me, porte cochere. The second room they gave me was wedged in between the administrative offices and overlooked the landscaper鈥檚 maintenance area. Finally, after personally consulting the guest relations manager, I was given the promised Coconut grove room.The furnishings are a bit worn and shabby. Light bulbs are weak, small bathrooms, with no counter space. Tables and flatware are a bit dirty, staffs clothing is not crisp and clean (especially at the mai-tai bar  restaurant). And the overall look is that it needs a good facelift and cleaning.Save your money, stay at a different Starwood property and you can still enjoy this hotel. The room charges are interchangeable.Even better, go to the Halekalani for a true resort, first class experience.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	5	1	3	2	3	

<Author>MML2006
<Content>Loved the Royal Hawaiian My mom and I took a girl's getaway trip to Hawaii last week and stayed at the Royal Hawaiian. My mom had always wanted to stay there and it definitely lived up to expectations. From the moment we checked in, we were impressed. We were moving from another hotel to the RH and walked over there about 9:00 a.m. just to see if we could start the check-in process. They greeted us with a lei and allowed us to check in. The room wasn't quite ready so they called housekeeping and asked them to rush our room. We went back at 11:00 with our luggage and they greeted us with another lei. After giving us our keys, one bellman escorted us to our room (giving us a tour along the way) while another brought up our bags. Everyone we met at the hotel was very friendly and went out of their way to help with whatever needs we had. We had a garden view room and it was perfect. We didn't need the ocean view since we were out on the beach most of the time anyway. The room was very comfortable and tastefully decorated. Affectionately known as the Pink Palace or Pink Lady it would be very easy to overdo it on the pink. There is a lot of pink in the hotel but it's done very tastefully and blends well with other colors. The closet was huge and contained an iron and board and a safe. The room also had a small refrigerator. That came in very handy.Food was expensive but that's to be expected at a luxury hotel in Hawaii. We enjoyed the Mai Tai Bar very much. It was very nice to sit out there and enjoy a drink and some appetizers right next to the beach. The mai tais were a little too strong but they had a lot of other tropical drinks that were wonderful.Before we checked out, the concierge allowed us to use the computer to print out our boarding passes for our flight home. The bellman also retrieved our luggage from our room and stored it during the day since our flight left so late.I was very impressed with every aspect of the Royal Hawaiian. The people were wonderful and the hotel was beautiful. It was everything my mom and I hoped it would be and I would absolutely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JLS300
<Content>Good hotel, mediocre room Just returned from a quick, long-weekend in HNL. Treated to the RH, -secured a great rate on Travelzoo. I have to say the hotel is beautiful; set back from the noise, and the traffic of the main drag. Gardens are very nice, and service is immediate. Check in was quick and efficient-after she commented on what I good rate I had. Kind of set me back a little, but possible she didn't mean anything negative by it. Our room was in the historic wing (from speaking with friends, and reading reviews here, the preferred location). Have to say I was extremely under impressed with the room itself. The bathroom was sized ok, and clean. The room itself left a lot to be desired. Truly felt this room could have been in any lower to mid range hotel. The highly anticipated Starwood Sleeper bed enjoyed at other properties was not here. Too bad. The pink wallpaper that went up 75% of the way, could have been updated and fixed. The 19 television was on a night stand. A couple feet away was a poor excuse for period bench and desk. On it was a cheap pink ceramic lampa nd coffee machine. What threw me was the white power strip cord on the floor in between, with all the electrical wires pooling on the floor to be plugged in. Call me jaded, call me spoiled. In my opinion, an historic hotel, one of this caliber, guests should not be looking at multiple power cords running to an extension cord. All in all, LOVED the hotel-staff were great, location cannot be beat, grounds are beautiful. The room, hoever...  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>arcoonetoe
<Content>expensive but worth it       View from our room in historic building  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>fweeb
<Content>Great for a quick vacation We found ourselves in the last gasps of summer vacation, needing a family getaway, so booked a week at the Royal Hawaiian. This was a first visit to the Islands for our girls (9 and 11). Although certainly a different experience than staying in Maui or the Big Island, we were charmed by the beautiful old hotel. We booked a ground level suite in the new tower. Our room looked out over the pool and ocean. The suite was wonderful, with the downstairs being a living room area and the upstairs a loft bedroom. The service was excellent and the staff very friendly and helpful. Of course, since the hotel was built in the 1920's, the pool area is small, but we didn't mind. The only annoying factor was the rush for beach chairs at sunrise. Rumor is that the trick is to generously tip the night before to avoid waiting in line. All in all, we enjoyed the retro experience immensely.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Reminixpro1
<Content>Uninspiring, EXTREMELY overrated hotel A much anticipated but disappointing stay 23-30 July 2006. I'm a frequent traveler who truly enjoys a fine hotel, price being no matter if the quality and value of services is up to par. In this case, the Royal Hawaiian seriously failed in keeping to the standard. While doing a remodel in town, I booked the Royal for about 6 days over other Starwood properties at a rate of $295/night. Even though I'm a Starwood gold preferred member, I was promptly informed upon check in, that no preferred rooms were available, but that the newer, remodeled, Tower Wing rooms were available at $585/night. What constitutes a preferred room at the Royal Hawaiian, I still don't know. To its credit, the room we were assigned was large and spacious, towels and sheets were very pink and appeared new, and the pink rug in the bathroom was nice. Note, the sheets on the bed are deceptive. They use a very nice Egyptian cotton 300 tc top sheet on the bed while the fitted sheet is a standard 50/50 cotton/poly 180 tc. As for the heavenly bed, forget it. An old itchy blanket hidden between two pink sheets serves as a comforter. (Forget down comforters of the renowned heavenly beds) The springs on these beds allowed you to sink in and bounce around whenever you moved. The room had a commanding view of the rooftop, if you were to crawl out of the window. Everything in the room was dated, from the old school 1980s carpet, the cheesy, fake classical furniture, the pink flowered floor to ceiling WALLPAPER to the tiny 19 in RCA television! No minibar, while a miniscule college boy refrigerator served more as an electric cooler. Toiletries in the bathroom were a different story. Once again, the products were in old school Royal Hawaiian generic, brand bottles. While the bottles were large for hotel toiletries, you had to use at least half the bottle to suds up your hair. One can only assume that they are watering down the shampoo in the back. To make matters worse, we practically had to beg the housecleaning staff to get more soap and supplies after about 2 days. Toothbrushes were not replenished and forget about soap bars. I ended up leaving the toiletries behind at the end of the stay because they left nothing to be desired.Vaue wise, there is none. A hamburger from roomservice is $18.50 plus 15% plus $3.00 delivery plus .04166% tax. Meanwhile, just next door at the Sheraton (a much nicer hotel: see review) the cost is $14.50, etc. for the same burger in a brand new room with FLAT PANEL tv's on the wall. The buffet in the Surf Room is good, expensive at about $50 a head, but good, noneltheless. The Mai Tai Bar is an excellent place to watch the sunset and chill out but it too, at $9.50 a Mai Tai, is pretty expensive. The drinks are good and the service, depending on the server is good as well. Recreation wise, the pool is tiny, the guests arrive at 0700 to place their towels on the chairs and then leave them there all day. Only one or two pool attendants to serve drinks, etc. so service was slow at best. In addition to what is stated above a key disturbing fact about the Royal Hawaiian is that the staff there treats you as though you were doing them a favor by staying there. It was very disappointing, especially when paying $25/day to valet park and you tell them you'll be back in 30 min and they say, Sorry, bro, we have a big wedding in the hotel and have to park your car in the garage. Completely astounding. A final solution to this rant is that I recommend all readers wishing to stay at a Starwood property in Waikiki to stay at either the Sheraton or the Sheraton Moana Surfrider. Less cost for service, better service on the whole, better, nicer, completely remodeled rooms and a better feeling about the quality to value ratio.Bottom line: it doesn't matter how much you pay per night, all hotel guests who treat staffmembers and each other with courtesy and respect should receive a top quality room and unparalled service for the money they are spending.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	5	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>kitdale
<Content>Hushed Elegance at the Royal Hawaiin We stayed at the Royal Hawaiian in July of 2006. When we arrived, we were upgraded from a garden suite to an ocean suite, Room #2 Oahu. It was on two floors, had two beds and two bathrooms and two televisions. The master bath was very large and had a jacuzzi tub. It had a lanai that overlooked the pool and the Pacific! The view was spectacular. The dining was also excellent although a bit expensive. The seafood buffet was wonderful - all the lobster, crab, oysters, shrimp and clams you could eat. Plus there were so many other dishes I can't remember them all. The luau was a bit expensive. Grab a seat in the Mai Tai Bar which is wonderful and watch the luau from a distance! Also, be sure to visit Duke's which is right next door. The Hau Tree Lanai at the New Otani Kaiman Beach Hotel is a great place for breakfast. Eat under the same tree overlooking Sans Souci Beach that Robert Louis Stevenson did. The nearby Cheesecake Factory is a good value, but it is very crowded. Go early.Be sure to park your car in the garage. It will cost $15 a day, but it is cheaper than the $25 valet parking. The concierge was very helpful. Rent a car if you have more than one guest; it is cheaper and faster. It is easy to get around once you master the one way streets!Be sure to go to Pearl Harbor to see the sights. Go early! I mean like 6:30 AM unless you want to spend the whole day there. The Iolani Palace and environs was interesting. The Dole Pineapple Planatation was okay but the drive to the north shore was more interesting. Go to Diamond Head and Hanauma Bay. The scenery on the windward side of the island is spectacular.We would sightsee most of the day and then return each afternoon to swim at the Waikiki Beach right in front of our hotel. Then we would enjoy a glass of wine overlooking the ocean on the porch of our room.We wish we had more than a week. I would return to this historical grand lady of a hotel anytime!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>waverlywallflower
<Content>Nice to Stay There Once We stayed at the Royal Hawaiian in August 2005, celebrating our anniversary. The location is very good, but self-parking your vehicle is impossible -- you are forced to valet park (and at a steep charge too). There was a problem with our room when we arrived (they gave us a smoking room and I'm allergic to smoke), but they quickly moved us to another (non-smoking) room. Not much of a view from the room. We also learned that if you want to utilize the hotel's trademark pink striped umbrellas you have to get on a waiting list! Seemed a bit convoluted after the amount of money we paid for a room. The service was good and check out was easy and I do recommend staying there once since it does exude a certain charm.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Oahu06
<Content>Terrible service, Lacks "aloha" I tried planning my wedding here and the customer service was just terrible. The ladies in the catering department were rude and not helpful. I emailed one of them with a menu question and she rudely replied back to go look at the website (most hotels will email/mail you pdf files of the contract, menus, amenities, misc). I emailed her back with more and some of the same questions she didnt answer and still 2 weeks later, no response. I contacted them once more because I wanted to go and look at the wedding sites. The catering lady said that she would call me back because she had to look at the schedule. Well she did call (twice), but I was busy at work. So I missed her call(s) and both times she left messages to give her a call back. When I did call her back it was maybe a minute after she called me the second time and she didnt pick up. Finally got her an hour later after constantly calling her. I apologized for missing her 2 calls. She never said anything and then told me that she would call me tomorrow if anyone was available to take me on the tour ... she never called me back... maybe the nostalgia of the hotel is memorable.. but without aloha what do you have?  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zerns
<Content>Amazing Honeymoon Start!       view from our tower room lanai  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OneTraveling
<Content>Needs a Re-Do This was a Starwood award stay for 3 nights. It was my 5th time returning to this hotel, so I knew what to expect. The hotel is showing its age in the public areas. The awnings were looking very worn and most everything else just seems to need a touch up.There are 2 sets of rooms - those in the Historic buidling (which are larger) and those in the Tower building (which are smaller but with a balcony and most have a nice view). We were offered a tower room for a charge, which we considered until we saw the room. It was Holiday / Hampton Inn quality at best, so we declined to upcharge.We were given an ocean front mini-suite in the Historic Building which was fine. Except that the bathrooms in the Historic building are tiny. No separate shower and just enough room to turn around in - not even sufficient room to leave toiletries in the bathroom.The furnishings were about the same in the Historic or Tower rooms. I have to say I was extremely disappointed with the Tower room we were shown. It was small and the furnishings were just in bad shape. I can't believe people pay extra for that building except for the balcony overlooking the ocean, which is a nice extra.The Historic Rooms are larger, but many do not have an ocean view. Still, I would choose these rooms over the Tower rooms as the garden views are quite nice at this property.Food is expensive and of medium quality. We never ate anything but breakfast and lunch - and both were good, but not great.Valet parking service is slow, so best not to be in too much of a hurry. Also, consider that construction is taking place on Lewers St which is a shortcut over to Ala Moana if you are going back toward the mall/Ward Center/Airport area. That can take 10 - 15 minutes to navigate through when they are working.The public areas are very charming - especially the gardens between the hotel and the shopping center.There are rumors that the hotel has been bought by someone who wants to completely refurbish the hotel to a true luxury resort. I find it hard to imagine how they can do that unless they completely reconfigure the rooms in the historic building to make the bathrooms larger, and possibly make the tower building all-suites taking 2 existing rooms and making them into one. Honolulu needs another luxury choice and this would be a nice property if it's done right.As it is, I would stay at this hotel again. In Honolulu, there aren't that many hotels that have a true beach front location with an actual beach adjoining the hotel. This one does, and for that I give it extra points.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Jamieagogo
<Content>The Best in Honolulu After spending 4 days in Maui at the Hyatt, it was wonderful to arrive here! Honolulu is hopping, you can walk everywhere, and it is so much more alive! And the Royal is at the center of everything. It was a relief to not have to pile into a van (there were 6 of us) to go some place, we could actually wander off alone and explore Honolulu. Such a break for my husband and I to escape our parents, trust me.Anyway, everything you hear about the Royal is true -with its grandness, elegance and old world charm. We were greeted with a lei by a thoughtful staff (and you can just tell they love working there) the quiet understated lobby is lovely; don鈥檛 miss hanging out on the veranda and the Mai Tai bar even with the $9.00 per drink price. Try to sip slowly鈥r have your coffee out there. There are breathtaking orchids throughout the lobby areas and displays of items such as the dresses worn to the opening night gala and photos of the impressive guests who attended. We had no problems at the pool or getting a place on the beach, the little snack bar poolside serves great salads made by the Surf Room at a fraction of the price, and after ordering, they brought it all the way out to the beach for us when it was ready.Stay in the old part if you are into the history, the pink rooms with high ceilings and individual furnishings were appreciated by us. The signature banana bread delivered to your room was nice and my parents did have a coffee maker in their room so ask if you want one. We chose to get it each morning from the coffee stations set up on each floor which I am pretty sure is better than any in-room coffee I ever had. One of the best things also is that you are off the strip, separated by the opulent grounds from the main drag so it is actually quiet there. A rarity on Waikiki Beach.We also went to the luau here, even though the reviews were not great, and it was perfect for us. I loved that it was right there, the food was wonderful and I am not a big on long shows anyway. It was fast and furious, with beautiful dancers and as corny as described in other reviews. But the food was really great and the desserts were to die for. It is like being at the most elegant party you can imagine. But if you want the authentic beach cove thing, may not be for you. This was a dress up affair with awesome ocean views. We had the best table, period. I think it is because we were a guest there, and also as a guest you automatically get a discount on the price. There is a 20% discount for this luau on the website for the Royal Hawaiian.We had dinner at the Surf Room on Friday night for the weekly Seafood Buffet and despite the $48 person price, loved it. Call ahead as a guest and ask for a great table and they will make it happen.Two tips: We made our reservations directly on the website and used the AAA discount - our rooms were $275 and I have never seen anything nearly that low anywhere else.Also, the website suggests taking a shuttle for the 3 Sheratons from the airport, which we did. However, the price to and from the airport in a cab or van is $25 so the $10 per person shuttle fare only makes sense if there are one or two in your party.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!!! I stayed at the Royal Hawaiian at the start of June for a week and it was great! The few people who have written reviews and commented on the hotel needing a refurbishment are wrong as it is supposed to look old!!! The room we had was huge and the walk in Wardrobe was good plenty of space. Its in a perfect location for Waikiki Beach and all the shops etc. Many an evening was spent at the bar by the beach sipping on Cocktails it was just great and Wakiki was an amazing place also.I can't believe how friendly everyone is in Hawaii, all the staff would all say Aloha and were really friendly when you saw them it was lovely. Hawaii is amazing and I had a fantastic holiday. When I eventually go back to Hawaii I will definately go back to the Royal Hawaiian as it is a real character hotel compared to the others around.They were still in the middle of building the shopping centre that goes with the hotel when we were there which should be amazing when it is finished.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BarbKs
<Content>Step back in time       Outside of the hotel  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GlobalTravelGuy
<Content>Nice Hotel on Busy Waikiki Beach My wife and I along with our two kids (4 months  two years) stayed at the Royal Hawaiian for three nights on a recent trip to Hawaii (Stayed at the Marriott on the West side of Oahu for the balance of the trip). Hotel staff were very friendly (we were greeted by name daily by our house keeper) and seemed to have the 鈥渁loha鈥?spirit. On the evening of our first night, we were surprised when we returned from the beach to find a chilled bottle of champagne waiting for us along with freshly baked banana bread 鈥?very nice touch! Perhaps a benefit of being SPG Gold. We were using points for the trip so we were in a standard garden view (non-tower) room which was okay 鈥?having more of a slightly dated BB feel to it vs. a traditional hotel. We could have upgraded to an ocean view for $100/nt or a tower room with a balcony for an additional $150/nt but opted to stay where we were 鈥?good decision as we really were not in our room much.As for Waikiki 鈥?very crowded but since the hotel has a private part of the beach, we were assured a nice place to sit and had no problems securing a chair and umbrella (no charge) at any time of day. The pool is small but it was never crowded. Parking costs $10 or $15 for valet鈥iven the lot is a bit of a hike, we opted to pay the extra money for convenience. Given so many dining options nearby, we didn鈥檛 eat at the hotel other than lunch at the beach caf茅 which was pretty good but nothing exceptional 鈥?beer was nice and cold though and the live music was very relaxing.Dukes is next door (great $15 breakfast buffet) and the hotel鈥檚 location on Waikiki is great. In the end, Kauai and Maui are more our speed (much more quiet and relaxing) but if / when we return to Waikiki, we will likely stay at this hotel again. However, if priced similarly I鈥檇 select the Hilton Hawaiian Village first鈥?.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>imtdocklands
<Content>Has a certain charm..... The hotel is in a great location right on beautiful Waikiki beach and close to all the local amenities. The property has an old world charm, which is both its biggest advantage but also its biggest disadvantage - some areas of the hotel seem a little neglected.General areas are well looked after and the open nature of the hotel is very attractive.The rooms are very pink and some badly need updating (especially garden view rooms).Breakfast at the pool side bar was very dissapointing - poor quality food - very canteen like and with a focus on quanitity vs. quality for the buffet - cooked to order was really bad.The pool is tiny, but with the bay a few steps away this is a minor issue.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the Pink Palace I spend about 2 months a year in Hawaii and always stay at the Pink Palace. Service is great. Rooms are classic (I prefer the historic wing to the newer uglier towers). The hotel has great gardens and is centrally located. Plus, it has a great breakfast buffet. What more do you want?  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Teraza
<Content>It was ok... but not worth the money Since the first time i was in waikiki, about 7 years ago, I have always wanted to stay at the pink palace. I thought, wow, what a location! what a lobby! beaultiful. I want to sit on the prime property on waikiki beach, staring out at diamond head.I never really could see myself paying 350 US (im canadian) a night at a hotel. Im more of a 150-200 a night person. But finally i had enough starwood reward points (10,000 points a night - most starwood properties are more 3000-5000 a night) to stay for 2 nights. I was very excited.Maybe its because i just returned from the big island, or maybe its just because i didnt feel i was getting my money (points) worth, but i was dissapointed. When we arrived, there was no one there to greet us. We parked the car, went into the lobby and checked in. Check in was fine and they even let us check in early (12:30pm).THe bell men then came running after us (while still at the lobby desk) to grab my husbands car keys and figure out what we were doing. We said we would park the car ourselves... i didnt want to have to deal with a valet that seemed to not be around. and the rest of the time, it seems chaotic around there anyways. So, we went back to the car, removed our luggage and gave it to the bellman who seemed confused that we would park the car and then go to the room - but whatever. Oh and the welcoming lady found us and gave us lais and welcomed us to hawaii - which was nice.We parked the car - came back - they were good about seeing us return and getitng our bags to our room right away. After we tipped the bellman we got better service - but i dont like it when service depends on the tip - the tip should be the reward for the service. Anyways.the room was - like others have said - not up to par. Old furniture (i know its the look they are going for - but it could be nice old furniture and it isnt). There is barely any storage space for things and the desk for the computer was not sufficient. OH and they charge for internet access - at this price it should be included. AND they charge for local calls too (a buck a piece) at this price it should be included too.Bathroom and sundries are barely acceptable. No view in our room. No lanai. It was noisy. One robe. Poor bed linens. Stained carpet. Old, small tv, with not as many channels are other hotels/resorts.Maid service was good. they were good at figuring out when you were out and the room was made while you were gone. The banana bread was good and left for us promptly after we arrived. Hallways were impressive. The view was impressive too.They changed their regulations for reservation on the beach - for beach chairs. Now its first come first serve. Leave a towel on the chair you want. There are 3 rows of chairs, which i think is ok - but I would rather have 2 rows with better views and a reservation process. Instead we had to sit in the 3rd row because we didnt want to have to come down extra early just to throw a towel on a chair - seems silly to me.There were few attendants there and no bar service. They actually discouraged some patrons from having drinks on the beach - unbelievable. THey make you sign out towels but dont care if/when you return them. Seems silly too.The pool was cold and we couldnt swim in waikiki because of the sewage problems - very unfortunate, especially because i love the ocean. No service by the pool either.Check out was12:30 because we were starwood preffered guests -it could be 4pm if you were gold, but we werent. But we used their suite - which every guest had access to, to shower up and change later in the day. Because you fly out of honolulu so late, it makes the last day difficult without a room. Our bags were kept on the curb by the bellman until we left.There were actually very little frills to this place, taking into consideration the cost (even though i only spent points, hoping to find a place that would justify the cost so next time I would convince myself to pay these prices). Thumbs down - unfortunetely because i had such high hopes.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ZAZULibertyUtah
<Content>lived up to it's reputation We stayed in the old part of the hotel. It shows age but the staff and grounds make for a very nice experiance. You can stay at newer hotels in the same area for the same price, but the Pink palace is worth staying at for the feeling of history and of the way things were in Hawaii 75 years ago. Loved it and will stay again. If you want glitz don't book here, We were in Waikiki at the time of the sewer spill, the royal made our trip enjoyable despite all of the problems on the beach.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>monarchtravel
<Content>Over Priced Royal Hawaiian Room I always have loved the grounds at the Royal Hawaiian so I decided to stay there for a few days this time I was in Honolulu. As I remembered, the grounds are gorgoeus and the lobby area is spectacular, but the ocean view room I had in the old part of the hotel was disappointing for what I was paying. The room was small and the bathroom was tiny. There was no balcony, which is disappointing being located right on the beach. I booked in the orginal building rather than the newer tower which has balconies because I had heard that the old stye decorating and size of rooms was more interesting than the newer rooms. I would have preferred the balacony room as our room was not decorated any better or more uniquely than a standard Holiday Inn room. The location of the hotel is great and the employees are all very nice and extremely helpful. I just think there are other options available in Honolulu which are better priced for what you are getting at the Royal Hawaiian.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelling_agent
<Content>More than the pink palace We were fortunate enough to stay at the Royal Hawaiian Resort in Waikiki for 4 nights. What a pleasure it was.We stayed in a Royal Ocean winged room. A gorgeous pink king size bed, to compliment a pink bathroom, and pink additions including pink slippers and plush gown adorned the room. Everything is pink at the Royal Hawaiian including the cocktails - a pink palace is highly recommended!The level of service provided was excellent. The concierge, front desk staff and bell-boys couldn't do more to assist us - just what you would expect from a 5 star property.The location is fabulous. Very centrally located- close to many restaurants, bars, the International Market Place and Macy's. Of course the property is right on the beach.The 'famous' banana bread was a fabulous touch and became our breakfast one morning along with the freshly brewed Kona Coffee which arrived as a surprise to our room one morning complimentary.We would love the opportunity to stay at the property again and would suggest and recommend it highly to others.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mikkitampa
<Content>Stay in the Tower We just returned from a 5 night stay at the RH. We were put into 2 rooms in the Historic section. We were so disappointed - dingy, beat up furniture, worn/dirty/thin carpet, and dark. We had oceanfront rooms - but there is no balcony. I don't mind vintage, but this was really tired.  The next morning we took a look at the tower rooms and asked to move. The tower rooms are all oceanfront and newer. These rooms were more in the order of what we expected from this hotel.The beach and pool area were always crowded. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Would I go back? maybe - if I was guaranteed a tower room.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>golfclubgm
<Content>Beautiful Hotel... Can you say UPDATE? The Royal Hawaiin has all of the potential to be a world class hotel. Unfortunately, they fall short of the mark on overall value. If a night at the Royal was $200 I might expect poor bathroom sundries, old (small) television, no robe, 1 semi comfortable chair and low quality linen. However,... it's $500 a night! The setting and location are absolutely perfect. 80% of the staff get it and provide outstanding service. The grounds and common areas are beautiful. The mai tai's and food are great! It's the rooms! I just got back from a 4 night stay at the Royal Hawaiin and had a King Room in the Tower. The room description said recently renovated... Boy if they did... they should get a new designer or a bigger budget. The bathtub was old and sub par. They did have a removable showerhead... but it had very little pressure. Most $500 dollar a night rooms have a seperate tub and shower... nicer fixtures and upgraded ammenities. The Bed was nice but the linens were very sub par. Outdated bedspread and linen threadcount are unaceptable at $500 a night. Even if the location is perfect. If you are going to have one chair... make it a great one. (Check out the Park Hyatt in Chicago!) I talked to several guests who stayed in the historic side that the rooms were even worse. Some moved over to the Tower during their stay.Overall it was a nice stay... the staff and setting were very nice. However,.. on my next trip to Oahu... I would not stay at the Royal again. (Unless they got a MAJOR room facelift) I want to also flog all of the major hotel reviewers and applaud Tripadvisor. I found the professional reviewers to be way off the mark. It seems that they review off of canned press reports and don't actually stay at the places they review. I find Tripadvisor to be a very valuable place to find current, relevant reviews. Thank you fellow reviewers!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>3	1	1	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rooms badly needly updating Stayed here for four nights in the new (1970 or so) wing. Architecture of the wing is awful, the rooms and baths are smallish, badly need updating and not worth $500 the night we paid for them.In particular the room decor listed in guidebooks and literature as ala Tommy Bahama is more like a comfort inn or an old fairfield. The location is great, the hotel staff is friendly and the building is a historic beauty-but I think it was a terrible value and would not stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sleep7
<Content>Absolutely the most lovely hotel in Honolulu!!!!! We stayed at the Royal Hawaiian for 6 nights in February 2006. We are 2 adults and 3 children and we booked a junior family garden suite and it was just perfect for us. It was 2 huge rooms with 2 TV's and one bathroom. One room had a beautiful and comfortable king size bed and the other had a pullout couch and room enough for 2 rollaways in addition to the couch, so there was plenty of room for all of us. It had no view, but we didn't care. If you get a rollaway for a child call the hotel directly and ask them to fax you stating that the rollaway is at no charge - otherwise they might charge you for it. We booked the SPG35 rate which gave you 35% off the room rate and 35% off any of the meals that you ate in the hotel(or any of the Sheratons in Waikiki for that matter.) Whether you book that particular rate or not - kids under 12 always eat free with each paying adult if you eat the buffet at breakfast. With the discount we paid $341/night, which for what you got I felt was very fair. The hotel is absolutely gorgeous! It is such a quiet oasis from the hustle and bustle of Waikiki. The grounds are so lush and beautiful. The hotel itself is a grand old lady. It a classic and beautiful property that is meticulously maintained. Every staff member that we encountered was so pleasant and helpful - the hotel managers, the front desk and restaurant staff, the bellman in front, the chambermaids, to the concierge -they really treated you like family. We ate our breakfasts at The Surf Room restaurant in the hotel where the food was as outstanding as the view. The only negative I can think of was that if you like to do a load or two of laundry on your vacation (I do!) there are no laundry facilities. You can go to the Sheraton next door, but their laundry room was ridiculously crowded. There is construction going on at the Royal Hawaiian shopping center next door, but it had little or no effect on us. We have stayed at the Sheraton a few times before and the HHV, but The Royal Hawaiian has captured our hearts and we can't wait to visit again!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>trombonium
<Content>Loved it!       View from our lanai  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Needs updating quickly I have read all of the reviews and I can't tell you how disappoiinting the hotel is. They have not updated this place in at least 20 years. Okay, most of Waikiki has not been updated in 20+ years, but this hotel charges $400-$500 per night. Come on and at least put some money into the place. We checked into on the suites in the historic building. It was quoted at $1100 per night. As a Starwood Preferred Guest member, I received a better rate, but to my amazement, the room was something I could find at a comfort in. Cheap furniture than was chipped, peeling and falling apart. Stained furniture that is so outdated. The bathroom was also very tacky and old. The hotel reluctantly moved us to the tower suite. The suite had an amazing view and was a 360 degree turn from the first suite, but the furniture in the tower suite was awful too. Old, cheap and outdated. The location of the hotel is the best and the beach access is wonderful, but other than that, I would recommend anyone seeking a first-class hotel to look for another location or rent a condo.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a grand old lady The historic wing is beautiful -- high ceilings, immaculate carpetting, wallpaper etc. Lots of detail in the paint and finishings, just strolling around the grounds and common areas was fun. Room large and spacious, TV and console area somewhat ordinary, bathroom small and pretty ordinary -- not much you can do with a bathroom built in 1927 -- but otherwise it was a delight to stay in a hotel so well kept and lovely. Staff very friendly, helpful and honest. (We accidentally left money out where it might have been mistaken for a tip and it remained untouched by housekeeping). Pool is small but why go in the pool when you have the best spot on the entire beach? Stay in the tower if you want a lanai. We received a $75 food and beverage gift for use in the bar and dining room, nice touch. If you get an invite to the manager's cocktail party be sure to go -- open bar, no selling and good food! We never felt crowded like you can in some of the really huge hotels. We'll be back for sure.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CTPJ
<Content>Hands down best place in Honolulu       View of hotel from Waikiki  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SkyeTraveler
<Content>A great hotel in need of some updating I'll preface this review by saying that I probably wouldn't stay anywhere else in Waikiki. The Royal Hawaiian has an air of history and elegance that no other Waikiki hotel can match. Its lobby, in particular, is airy and gracious, and it has the best location on the (very crowded) beach. The beachside bar is the best of any we've tried in Waikiki. That said, the rooms in the historic part of the hotel are in need of updating. (We've never stayed in the newer part, so can't comment on those rooms.) The bathrooms look like they're from the early 1980s, and all that pink just makes them look even more dated. Although I like the hotel's pink theme, I think that a more creative designer would have used it more sparingly and tastefully.If you can live with the faded -- but perfectly serviceable -- rooms, this hotel really is a gem. It always suggests old Waikiki to me, before all those tower blocks sprang up and mass tourism changed the whole character of the islands. If I could suggest an alternative hotel in Waikiki, I would. But none of the others has the romantic feel of this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't wait to go back! Wonderful hotel! I've been a regular guest at this hotel since 1985 - which shows I love this hotel. My trip this past September was fantastic, as usual. Room in the old section was great. The location right on the beach is perfect. You can get a nice umbrella with chairs and a table - just reserve the day before and it's waiting for you. The Mai Tai bar is the perfect place for afternoon, pre dinner and after dinner cocktails. Susan always takes good care of me there :-)I'll be returning in March!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>run2travel
<Content>Historic Hotel The Royal Hawaiian wasn't what I expected. The rooms reminded me of my grandmother's house. Antique furnishings, flowered wallpaper, and small TV. The pool was just big enough for a few kids to swim in. And, no jucuzzi. I was bummed! The locatation is great-- very central to most things, and right on a great part of the beach.If you're looking for some history in Waikiki beach, this is the place to stay. If you're looking for modern amenities, go elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very over-rated! We stayed in the historic part of the hotel in room 355. It was small and the air conditioning made so much noise it was hard to sleep. The over-all service was poor, the food over-priced and not so good, and the pool totally unimpressive. We had to fetch our own food and drink because there were no poolside servers. We were sitting on a hotel beachchair in the sand at 5:40 PM watching the sunset and a hotel employee told us we had to get up because the chairs had to be collected by 6 PM. We protested to no avail......Whatever.....My wife and I travel extensively and have never been quite so disappointed. There are plenty of better places to stay in Waikiki.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JeffCedarRapids
<Content>Skip the Luau We attended the Royal Hawaiian luau the last Monday of November, 2005. I would strongly advise people considering attending the luau to skip it. The adverstisements talk of it being held on the ocean lawn...it's held in their ballroom with the doors propped open. The food is ok. The show is awful. Many people walked out it is so bad. The dancers show little ambition or emotion. As one review I read after the attending the show said they couldn't tell if the dancers were dancing or having seizures. The singers just don't have it....they are past their prime. This is not what we were expecting for an authentic Hawaiian Luau. The do have a flame juggler but you can't see him because he is actually outside and you stuck inside. To top things off the air conditioning dripped on us through out the evening and there we no spots they could reseat us.This event doesn't warrant the $89.00 per person charged and doesn't measure up to what we were epecting from the Royal Hawaiian. I'd consider the luau at the Cultural Center or Germaine's luau.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>2	1	-1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>blithespirited
<Content>Nice Place! We stayed here for 5 days and it was perfect! The room was lovely and the view of the beach was beautiful. We had a small issue with roaches but the hotel took care of it immediately and we did not see one after they came to resolve it. The food was expensive- it is expensive everywhere in that area. The beach was awesome and then lounge chairs on the beach are a must- but you need to reserve early or there is no where to sit on the beach.We would stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SDParadiseJewelry
<Content>Best spot on Waikiki beach       View from the beach of Royal Hawaiian  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ldtravel
<Content>A very nice hotel ........... This hotel is a beauty- even if you don't like pink much! The staff is very nice and the grounds are kept very well. Checking in was a bit weird because although the res was under my name they required ID from everyone in the room but that was not bad at all. The only problems I had were the following: The beach area was rather small so if their is a big group in town - you've got to get their early for a good spot. It is a public beach by the way. The Royal Hawaiian is an all smoking hotel -which means No non smoking rooms so my room smelled like cigarettes constantly - I am not a smoker so I did not like that at all. The staff tried to help by bringing in a huge deodorizer - that was nice but nothing. The A/C systems are very old and mine needed to be clean so the room was rather warm for the few days but after I called the front desk - they came in to clean it and that did the trick. They compensated us very well for this trouble- I must say. Above all -this is a beautiful hotel with the best Luau in town and it is perfectly situated for shopping and sites. I would stay again.Aloha!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ks-star
<Content>Best hotel beach in Waikiki After a busy, but provencial stay in Kailua for 1 week, we decided to stay 3 nights in Waikiki and selected the Royal Hawaiian. I am so happy we did! We stayed in the historical wing and had a small, but pleasant room overlooking the lush garden courtyard. The best part of the Royal is its amazing beach spot. Even if you didn't manage to rent a lounge, you can hang around and wait for one to free up. We walked out there at 10 am, grabbed a lounge with an umbrella and enjoyed the sun, drinks and surf until 4!Also try the lunch at the Surf Room - amazing food!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ellemay
<Content>LOved it. We were delighted to be greeted with orchid lei, and to find our room with a basket filled with pineapple, mango, apples, oranges and a warm bananna loaf. Everything in this hotel is pink. Pink towels, pink sheets, pink wallpaper, and pink bathrooms not to mention the pink painted walls that covered the walls. I actually thought of buying some underwear, pink undies, pink bra etc...just to fit in !!It was funny as ventured across road to find bar and walked into a irish pub which had green coasters, green chairs, green everything. Started to think I was travelling under a colour decore. Hotel is fabulous....rooms terrific...staff lovely...beach wonderful at your doorstep...breakfast terrace wonderful....Its expensive but worth the experience.Its a must if staying in Hawaii.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EP
<Content>Lovely oasis in the middle of Waikiki We had our first stay at The Royal Hawaiian last month, and it certainly won't be our last. Had stayed during a business trip just next door, at The Outrigger, in July.What a difference in atmosphere! The Royal Hawaiian is much quieter with a lot more 'Aloha spirit' to it. (Now, we did have a fun time at The Outrigger with our business friends, but wouldn't pick it for a vacation for my husband and myself.)Returning to The Royal Hawaiian after day trips, or even just dinner down the street, was always such a pleasurable experience. Even though it is right in the midst of busy Waikiki, the simple act of strolling down the walkways from the street to get to your room makes you relax. Such a pretty place! Had a nice ocean view corner room with a wrap-around balcony. The room service came up exactly as we had ordered it, which we have found is almost a rarity these days! The pool and beach areas were clean and well tended to.We felt that we had the best of both island worlds...that of being right in the middle of bustling Waikiki when we wanted excitement, as well as having a calming oasis when we wanted to relax together.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>trippinlikeits1969
<Content>Think Pink       Beach front in front of hotel  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thanks Royal Hawaiian for a great Honeymoon I must say I spent 2 months planning on what hotel to stay at on Honolulu for out 10-day honeymoon. I finally decided on the Royal Hawaiian mainly because of the reviews I had heard from this web site. The hotel was all of what it is known for. Once we arrived the front desk staff upgraded us to the Ocean view in the main hotel. Our room was very nice classic Hawaiian theme. The staff was excellent we were treated like customers should be treated. The hotel gave us comp breakfasts plus two dinners including complimentary Royal Hawaiian luau. I am not sure if we were given the great treatment because we are Starwood members if so I suggest joining. Our entire experience was fantastic from check-in to the valet鈥檚, bellhops, and so on. My wife and I are already planning our return trip to Hawaii and we will be staying at the Royal Hawaiian.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Pink Palace AGAIN       Our first day of seeing the grounds again.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Beautiful Historic Property I stayed at the Royal Hawaiian for my honeymoon. I really liked it. I had told myself all my life when I get married I'll honeymoon at the Royal Hawaiian. They put me on the Starwood Preferred floor, and sent me banana bread and champagne. The next night there was a man knocking on the door with loaves of banana bread, and he said they were welcome gifts for people who had just arrived. He asked me if I had just arrived today, and I lied so I could get another banana bread loaf. They also give you a lei of orchids when you check in. I was very pleased with the staff. There was a problem with the internet, and a girl named Avis apologized over and over and over... I was really surprised they were so humble. Most employees would just blow you off. You get a cheaper price on the Monday night Luau if you pay for it on your hotel room bill. Parking is $10 for self park, which is cheaper than a lot of other places. The beach in front of the Royal Hawaiian is probably the best because there are no rocks when you walk into the ocean. Every Friday night they have a seafood buffet. It was to die for, but the cost was $50 and each soda pop costs $3.50. You can rack up a high bill there. IF the Royal Hawaiian costs too much you'll love the Sheraton Moana Surfrider just 2 hotels away.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>blade97
<Content>Enjoyed the Pink Palace My family of four with two small children traveled to the Royal Hawaiian in May 05. We had a wonderful time at this property. We booked two ocean view rooms, we brought my mother to watch the kids, and the rooms were great. We booked our rooms through Starwood Preferred Guest. Our rooms were located in the historic wing and had queen anne furniture. It was our 15th anniversary and the hotel had champagne waiting in our room on ice when we checked in. The bathrooms are a little dated but sufficient and the toiletries are nice. The bed is awesome. The windows actually open up to Waikiki beach and you can hear the music and ocean in the evenings. We really enjoyed the beach and the reserved chairs for guests. Make sure you reserve a day in advance. We had a great lunch and dinner at the terrace room and kids eat free. The pool is small but adequate becasue the beach is right there. The grounds are beautiful. It is a little difficult to find the hotel's parking but once your there the service was great. This is a classy hotel. The only real negative was we requested a late check out at 2:30 pm and they charged us an extra $25 per room. That is kind of cheesy for this level of hotel. Only stayed there 1 night for business and then on to Maui for more vacation but I can highly reccommend the Royal. It has the most charm of any of the hotels in Waikiki and was very romantic at night.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegant, perfect and stunning in every way We spent 8 days of our honeymoon at the Royal Hawaiian and they made it absolutely perfect for us. The hotel is stunning in every way. From the moment we arrived we were treated like royalty. The staff are so friendly and genuine, the food of a very high standard and most of all the hospitatlity second to none. We will be going back and would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants perfection!!!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect end to a perfect honeymoon The Royal Hawaiian, or shall I say the Pink Palace, was the perfect place to end our honeymoon. We arrived before check-in and were prepared to have to wait for our room to be ready but surprisingly the room was actually ready. However, they kindly offered us an upgrade if we were willing to wait a few more hours and to sweeten it they even offered free drinks at the Mai Tai Bar. They didn't have to ask us twice! We left our bags and went to climb Diamond Head which was spectacular. It was easy to spot the Pink Palace among the sea of hotels on Waikiki beach from up there. When we returned to the hotel our room was ready and waiting for us was a bottle of ros茅 champagne along with their signature banana bread, yum! Now, we knew in advance that we would be staying at the Pink Palace, but we did not realize that everything on the inside would be Pink as well! Even the shampoo and conditioner were pink! While some might think that is a little kitchy it perfectly suited the hotel and it's atmosphere. The Mai Tai Bar is great fun with live entertainment at night and beautiful sunsets right on the beach. It was neat to watch the surfers ride the waves until the last hint of the sun was gone. The Surf Room for breakfast was also quite good. The concierge was truly helpful with planning activities and meals. Turndown service was a nice touch. The Royal Hawaiian simply seemed magical and was the perfect way to end an amazing Hawaiian honeymoon.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jjacquenorris
<Content>Vintage room.....plus cockroaches! Loved the old lobby and had drinks on the beach nightly which was lovely but when I saw cockroaches on the nightstand I freaked out. The desk manager said this is a tropical island and they spray frequently. That's it. My husband and I have stay at the Ritz Carlton on Maui and never saw a fly.....This hotel has some problems. the furniture was so bizarre..I needed a stool to mount the old queen bed. The bathroom was cute, all pink...I would never stay at this hotel or any of this chain...Jacque Norris  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gentile and graceful pink lady If you are looking for a quiet location right on the beach, this is the hotel for you. It is somehow so secluded but within a one minute walk to the busiest part of Honolulu. The hotel is a gentile, pink old lady that has kept pace with modern times as you will see when you drive up to the open lanai, enter the elegant lobby and turn your eyes right to sweep down to the beach and view the ocean that is the most perfect 3 shades of blue. Sit for a few moments in the lobby and watch as the patrons arrive and glimpse the ocean for the first time with an open mouthed gape and always a smile. Ask for a garden view room in the older section where you will open your windows and look down to the palms into the picture perfect courtyard. Your friends will think you have suddenly returned home a professional photographer since there is not a bad camera angle in the hotel. Sure, the new wallpaper has a retro look taking you back into the earlier part of the century and the towels are pink but the beds are excellent and the maid service is great. It's all part of the charm. If you stay in your room there during the day you are missing out on what makes Honolulu so unigue. Eat breakfast at the hotel and you will get a table looking out on all the people that should not be wearing bathing suits, so focus on that perfect Diamondhead photo and the birds that peck among the tables, then relax and enjoy your meal. Get the fresh pineapple, slowly sip the coffee and so what if it is a little expensive, you are on vacation after all. Avoid the breakfast lines, which clear out by 1000 and don't go to the concierge when everyone else is heading there after breakfast and you will avoid all the crowds. The pool is small but who cares so hit the beach right off the pool. I would stay here again in a heartbeat so just relax, be polite and be aware as a tourist that you control your vacation so take the bad with the good and go with the flow of the islands.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>probably the second best in Waikiki I visit Hawaii at least once a year and I have stayed number of hotels. from my experience, royal hawaiian is the second best for me. the best thing about there is location. where else could be better? i like it there very much, so let me say to people who gave only one star, what is the perfect for you guys? i know this place is not budget but if you want an excellent, exclusive service, book for suite rooms because thats what give and take means. thanks.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>snowrefugees
<Content>A Classic Hawaiian Vacation! On our third visit to Hawaii, my wife and I finally decided to stay in Waikiki for part of our trip (we'd only seen it briefly on the last day of our honeymoon) before venturing to other islands. We could not have picked a better hotel! It was everything we wanted: luxurious, fantastic beach, friendly and helpful front desk and employees, only 6 stories tall for the most part, roomy, and generally everything you'd expect of of an impeccably maintained 1927 beachfront hotel. It still looks just as it did, but has been kept up to date with modern air conditioning and so forth. We slept great and had a great time! Our room's potential shortcomings (lack of a porch, garden view) didn't bother us a bit.The hotel does have some inevitable minor problems: because of it's age it has no garage; instead it shares garage space with one of the highrise boxes surrounding it. This causes a 5 minute walk from hotel to car. The restaurant was too expensive for us to even think about eating there, and the hotel shops were nondescript and overpriced (in this regard at least, the hotel blends right in with the rest of Waikiki). Also, since it IS in Waikiki, leaving the area to explore the rest of Oahu (which I highly recommend-Oahu has a lot to offer!) must take into account the traffic (if you plan right, as we did, you will see traffic jams heading towards you but not be caught in many yourself!). I can't imagine staying anywhere else if we are lucky enough to vacation in Waikiki again.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Hotel Throughout the course of our trip to Hawaii, we stayed at three hotels. The Royal Hawaiian was absolutely without a doubt the best of the three. Providing a spectacular view from every room, a remarkable pool and beach area, an elegant and exquisite restaurant, and a very spacious and classy room, this hotel kept me in awe. Upon our arrival, we were greeted with a lei and exceptional, friendly service. In our room, we found a fresh baked loaf of the Royal Hawaiian's famous Banana Bread, the most beautiful view of the ocean I have ever seen, elegant bath robes for each of us to wear, and perhaps the cleanest bathroom in the history of my hotel experiences. This hotel is hands down the best hotel I have ever stayed in! I hope to someday return!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Shelter in Waikiki! This was my first trip to Oahu and coming from San Diego, I found Waikiki too much like home to feel as if I was 'on vacation. However, we could not have picked a better hotel. This hotel is an oasis in the boxy concrete jungle of all its surrounding neighbors. Yes, the rooms are smallish ( I though ours was quite generous and it was in the historic section) but the charm and professinalism of the staff more than made the experience wonderful. It still a Sheraton at its heart but you can feel the tradition and grandeur even today. The food at the Surf Room was not our favorite but we loved the Mai Tai bar and this hotel sits on the best section of the beach. We trekked to the neighboring hotels, including the posh Halekulani, and found ourselves coming back to the Pink Palace having decided we Definitely had picked the best property. Its not cheap to stay here, but its a whole different Waikiki experience thats worth the extra expense.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Layover
<Content>An Oasis I'll preface this by saying that I really hate Waikiki. The crowds. The noise. The over-commercialization. So when I was asked to fly in and speak at a conference, I was excited to visit the islands (I mean, c'mon) but was kind of dreading Waikiki. Wow. The Royal Hawaiian saved me. They put me in the older historic section. I've read a few reviews from people who didn't like it. Granted, they could have had a legitimately bad experience. Or, what I think is more likely, is that they were more accustomed to the box-like rooms that are standard here.My room is quiet. Outside in the garden birds are singing. The staff could NOT be more professional or courteous. Everything has been a 10. Surrounded by highrises and the insanity of tourism gone wild, this place is a fortress of solitude from all of that. I'll come back. In a heartbeat. And bring my family.  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The 'saving grace' of our trip! To make a long story short, we were to be on a 10 day cruise to Hawaii. Just before leaving, we learned that our cruise had been cancelled due to a problem with the ship's propulsion system. We planned our trip thru a travel agent in Hawaii with no research at all (VERY unlike me) due to the time limitations. We spent 5 nights in Maui and there were many circumstances which made our trip unpleasant. By the time we arrived in Oahu, we were quite discouraged, as our long-anticipated trip was not turning out to be what we had hoped for. Thankfully, we ended up at the Royal Hawaiian! If only we would have stayed there for the entire trip! The hotel is so lovely and grand. Everything is very well maintained. We were in a suite on the fourth floor of the main hotel (428 I believe). They wheeled in two nice twin beds to be arranged in the living room area for our two children. My husband and I had a separate room with a king bed. Both rooms provided TV's. The bathroom was not overly large, but well stocked with nice toiletries. All four of us were provided with cozy, pink robes (yes, they have kid-sized robes) and slippers. My 8 year old son , who is a total boy, even wore his! His sister had to wrestle him to the ground when I tried to take a photo of him in his pink robe. All of the staff, including housekeeping, was very gracious and accommodating. The hotel is situated on, in my opinion, the nicest part of Waikiki Beach with a beautiful view of Diamond Head in the background. Yes, this beach area is on the more crowded side, but it was never uncomfortable. We never had a problem securing beach chairs. Note: we stayed five nights..April 2-6th. This is not considered the high season. The kids participated in two days of surf lessons and had a ball! It is easy to secure instructors at your convenience, as there are many located along Waikiki Beach. As far as dining, we did not eat at the hotel other than at the beachside cafe at the pool area (the pool area is not very large if you are looking for this feature). The cafe was good..of course, high priced as well. We enjoyed walking to several area restaurants which were considered a little more reasonably priced. We loved Duke's Canoe Club and the Ocean House. We also went to the Cheesecake Factory which was next to the hotel. The Royal Hawaiian is in a wonderful location to shopping and dining...you can get just about anything you wish. The shopping is also fantastic. We chose to self-park which saved some money and was no problem at all. I did have to go next door to the Sheraton Waikiki to use their workout facilities, but it really was no problem and the gym was well-equipped. We would definitely return to this hotel!  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the location of the Royal Hawaiin We stayed a week at the Royal Hawaiin from January 4th 2005. We had a room on the ocean front except the last night because all ocean front rooms had been booked previously. We loved the ocean front view! I could wave at my husband and child playing on the beach from the balcony. It was like having the ocean and the palm trees right in my backyard. Although it was much more expensive than the garden view room, it was well worth it. The ocean front rooms are also much newer. I had a couple of minor problems staying there. On one night there was a footprint on my pillowcase and on another a hole in my sheet. It was hard to believe this could happen there. I had them change the sheets but didn't complain about it because I didn't want to get anyone in trouble. I was a little annoyed when I could not get any prices from the concierge and when she told me she would have to get back to me. I guess it is not classy to have brochures with prices in the hotel. I complained at the desk and the employee told me it was just a misunderstanding. After all this waste of my time, I realised that these brochures and great coupons for activities and actractions are available on Kalakaua Ave. I sent my husband to the concierge to rent a car and it took a long time for the concierge to get back to him. The concierges were just swamped. However, I think that the Royal Hawaiin is the prettiest hotel in Oahu, the location is the best, the staff is nice and the ocean view is breathtaking. It also means a lot to me to stay in a place that is rich with History.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ever so impressed I travel all over the world for business and find myself spending lots of time in 4 and 5 star hotels that are anything but memorable. My recent stay at the Royal Hawaiian was very different thanks to the beautiful hotel facilities and the incredibly friendly and outgoing staff. What makes this hotel so nice is that it is NOT like the other hotels in Honolulu (4 walls, bed and tv). We had a Junior Family Suite and it was perfect as we were able to separate the rooms by shutting the french doors. The decor was great as it really set the tone and reminded you that you were in Hawaii, in case you forgot.The employees were ALL extremely nice to my family and really went out of their way to make sure my 2.5 year old daughter had a great time. We will make a point to stay at the Royal Hawaiian on our future trips to Hawaii.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Glad we stayed The Royal Hawaiian was an amazing place for my family of three to relax and experience Hawaii. We spent 7 days soaking up the sun, shopping, partying, and doing 鈥渂each things鈥? We hiked Diamond Head, went on a dolphin excursion, the 19-year-old learned to surf and got a massage (in the hotels facilities), we all visited the University of Hawaii, and also took in the hotel鈥檚 luau (the only thing I would not recommend-great dancers by so-so food and service).On our last day our flight didn鈥檛 leave until very late and the staff was most helpful in explaining how the hospitality room could be used so that we were able to partake in all sorts of physical activities during the day and still watch the basketball finals and be fresh for the plane ride.Loved the: sheets/beds, ambience-it is so beautiful and removed from the main drag as to be extra quiet, being 鈥渙n鈥?the beach/location, pool staff and restaurant, and most of the service. We did have trouble with the room being 鈥渁ddressed鈥?in a timely fashion.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ming
<Content>Love the Pink Lady I am astonished at the negative reviews of this wonderful hotel, the classiest place in the whole of the Pacific with a reputation going back to the twenties. This hotel has a charm, an aura that is unsurpassed. If you go, stay in the old part with the very high ceilings and you'll think you are back in Robert Louis Stevenson's days.It is magical to stroll through the wide corridors towards the ocean. Yes, the large gardens have disappeared and there is a tower now, but it will always be a special place. People who stay there should count their lucky stars that a hotel with the history of the Royal Hawaiian still exists. I for one feel very grateful and look forward to staying there again.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cant wait to go back! We stayed at the Royal just a short time in April of 2005 at the end of our trip, but loved every minute of it. The hotel is gorgous and very inviting. The hotel staff is friendly, informative and very helpful. We stayed in the historic wing of the hotel with a garden view which was very nice and fairly large. It was quiet, very clean, and quaintly decorated. The bed was wonderfully comfortable and it was fun to be treated to their tradition of fresh banana bread left in our room while we were out and about for the day. The staff was always quick to help with anything we requested or needed. But my favorite part was the pool area, my husband is the beach bum which he enjoyed very much just steps from our hotel with reserved chairs and huge beach towels when needed. The pool is not huge but large enough to share, very clean and the chairs under unbrellas are a great retreat from the hot sun of hawaii. The food was fantastic - we ate at the hotels seafood buffet they hold on Friday nights, and the wait staff was again friendly, fun and first class all the way. We also treated ourselves to the hotels Spa for a couples massage. It was heavenly. We fell in love with the Royal Hawaiian, Oahu and the people who take pride in where they work and live. We will definatly be back again.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the pink palace We stayed at the Royal Hawaiian for two weeks in January 2005 and loved it. It was our fourth stay at the hotel and this hotel has it all. The rooms are elegant and charming with the highest ceilings and the most wonderful hand carved doors. When we checked into our room we received the most wonderful platter of fruits, nuts and banana bread and a fantastic display of fresh flowers. We love the pink, the private beach, the whole opulent feel of the hotel. Most importantly the staff were very friendly and polite and the concierge can't do enough for you. We had our three children in a room next door to us and it was a truely magical experience for them. They loved sitting out on the beach in their own private area. We will definately stay at our favouite Hawaiian hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best! Our family just returned from a wonderful stay at the Royal Hawaiian, where we have stayed many times before. The ocean view luxury rooms are large, with expansive views of Waikiki beach and the hotel luau if you are there the right night. You do pay more for these rooms, but it is well worth it. The hotel's private roped off beach section has wonderful soft white sand and is a great place to people watch. The hotel staff could not be more warm and reflective of Hawaii's aloha spirit. Breakfast and lunch are quite edible, although we would not recommend eating dinner at the hotel (check out Alan Wong for a great meal). We will continue to return to the Royal with enthusiasm.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A GREAT Experience We just returned last week from a week at the Royal. It was a terrific experience and we can't wait to go back. We had a garden view room in the historic wing. The room was very spacious and comfortable with ceilings as tall as we have seen in any hotel. The staff was quite helpful. We ate at the hotel a couple of times and, while the food is very expensive, it was a good experience.We have stayed in nicer hotels -- nicer resorts, but I don't think we have ever stay anywhere with the charm of the Royal. The hotel experience was truly a major part of our vacation. We would return to the royal in a heart beat. Truly 'old Hawaii.'  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>trip46
<Content>already planning a 2nd trip we stayed at the Royal for a week this March and could not have been more pleased with the service. The hotel is beautifully kept, staff excellent. We booked with hotwire and had standard rooms, no bugs(!), and we want to return in 2 years for our 30th. The service in the Mai Tai bar could be slow, but we found the waiters to be more service minded than the waitresses, who thought they were too cute to move quick. All in all, a great experience,4 young adults, and 2 boomers.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ruined my honeymoon!! DO NOT STAY HERE!!! It has been almost a year since our stay and we have always intended to come onto this site and complain and I'm finally doing it! This was the WORST hotel I have ever stayed in, ever! (and it was also the most expensive). The staff was RUDE, there were literally HUNDREDS of ants in our room and when we asked to move, they acted like we were being fussy, they messed up our honneymoon package by not giving us breakfast coupons and then got mad at us for not letting them know right away (we had no idea that we needed coupons). AWFUL. They comped us a buffet dinner at the hotel next door to make it up to us after we complained and when we got there, the waiter was so rude for absolutely no reason and actually threw a menu at my husband. We walked out (with me crying). It was actually like being on a hidden camera show. Surreal. They then comped us a meal at the top of the hotel next door which was wonderful, but in no way made up for having the first two days of our lives together ruined by pests and horribly rude staff. We complained on their website and to the manager and never heard a word back. We not only will never stay at the Royal Hawiian again, we pretty much have a bad taste in our mouth about Sheraton hotels in general now. They really were awful. If I could give negative stars, I would.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>NovatoTraveler
<Content>Great Hotel, Remember this is Waikiki! My husband and I stayed at the Royal Hawaiian 2/21/05 - 2/27/05. I was nervous about the hotel after reading the reviews here. We were very pleased. First of all, this is Waikiki. You are not going to find a hotel on Waikiki with a better pool or set up. Royal Hawaiian has a private beach as well. They also have a great pool/beach reservation policy so you don't have to fight the crowds early in the morning to get a beach or pool lounge. The location is fabulous. You are right in the midst of Waikiki, can walk everywhere and right on the best stretch of beach. The staff is very friendly and the place has class and elegance that the new resorts and hotels lack today. The rooms have very nice furniture. The wall paper is dated but who cares about wall paper? The bathrooms are dated. I am someone that this normally really bothers but the elegance and class of the room makes up for it. The location, the private beach, the staff, the pool and bar, and the grounds all make this a great choice. If you are looking for a nice hotel right on Waikiki beach in a great location, I think you will be pleased.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our Dinning Experience We come to Hawaii once or twice a year and spend a minimum of three weeks. We visited the Royal Hawaiian for lunch last week. It was a very bad experience. We were there on Sunday so we chose not to have the Sunday Brunch and opted out for the bar. The tables were set with a table cloth and usual amenities. We sat down and waited for service. Tables on both sides of us were served. We were ignored. Somone came by and removed everything off the table except the table cloth and left. Still no one came by to say anything. We wondered if we were in the wrong place so we tried to capture the attention of a wait staff person. No luck. Finally feeling extremely uncomfortable my husband, not to be ignored, stopped a person waiting on the table next to us and asked if we were in the wrong place for the bar. They said no. WE asked if we could order. The Wait person said, I'm really busy at the moment...We were going to leave and they took our order. More or less off the cuff if you get my meaning. We felt like unwelcome visitors. I would not choose to stay in this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Its OK This is an average hotel....with all the hype about the pink hotel you'd think they would do a little more to keep it in good shape. The bathrooms are old and the rooms just aren't that nice, especially for the price. I would definitely try one of the other beach-front properties. I think this one is just existing on reputation. I must say, however, that the staff is very nice and helpful.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>betsybubbles
<Content>They try hard to please This property is beautiful and so are the views of Diamondhead. The staff is lovely,without exception. The old rooms have charm and grace and would be lovely were they not neglected The rooms desperately need refurbishing, immediately, if not sooner, to restore them to their once grand state. This is one of the grandest of the grand hotels, I have had the pleasure of staying at. It is quiet and magnificent inside and out. The pool area is tiny and very hot, rather airless , with no view to speak of. We felt the price was not in keeping with the neglected condition of our room. However,when restored to its' once grand state, it certainly will be well worth the price.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quit Whining My gosh, I get tired of hearing people whining about the Royal Hawaiian Hotel.! It is a wonderful hotel, with great rooms, a great location, and great employees. I stayed for 5 nights on June 2004 and thoroughly enjoyed it. This is a 100% classy hotel.Make no mistake about it, it is an expensive hotel. All of the people who complain about the rooms did it to themselves. Instead of reading I got a garden view room... you should read I went as cheap as possible.... If you went on a cruise and stayed in a room just above the engine room to save money, should you complain because you did not have a beautiful view? I think not.Go and spend the bucks. Do not stay in the new tower wing. The Royal is known for it's history, so stay in the historical part of the hotel. Spring for the Royal Ocean View rooms, you will not regret it. Sure there is no balcony, the hotel was built in 1927 for Christ sake, no hotels had them at that time. Accept the hotel for what it is and enjoy. Enjoy the real wood furniture, the hand carved doors, and the four poster beds.I cannot vouch for the food. It was expensive so I went elsewhere to eat. But my wife and I did try their Mai Tai's and pink beer (yes, everything is pink there).Starwood (Sheraton, manager of the Royal) has many promos. When I stayed there I got 35% off and got the 5th night free. The room was less than $300 a night for a great room with a real walk in closet and a great view of the luau. I paid more money before in Hawaii for a much lesser room.True, I wish that the shopping center had not been built to hide it from Kalakaua, but that is unavoidable. In fact, there are some benefits as it shades the hotel from the noise of the busy city just a few yards away. The landscaping was done so that, for the mosy part, you think that you are in an isolated oasis in paradise.So many famous people have stayed there, you can just feel the history. True, fame is fickle and has moved on to newer digs, but these other hotels are not better, just newer.I have no vested interest in the hotel, other than being a VERY happy customer. I am saving my frequent flyer miles and nickles to return asap.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>4ManFam
<Content>Just So So....       View of the Royal Hawaiian from the top of Diamond Head  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Pink Palace I traveled with a friend to Oahu the summer we graduated- 2003. The Pink Palace was a beautiful hotel with many amenities. They were in the middle of some construction at the time so we didn't get to see the full beauty of the place but the hotel is nicely located with beautiful gardens, pool, and beachfront access. We spent much time lounging by the pool, sipping tasty tropical creations. We spent the first night at the hotel's own Luau and had a wonderful time- good food- good entertainment. We both would love to stay at the Royal Hawaiian again!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Impressed with the Royal Hawaiian!!! We were celebrating our 30th Ann. Spring of 2004, so we figured we would splurge a little. I have stayed at three other hotels on Waikiki before in the past two were also oceanfront hotels, and the Royal by Far was the nicest!! We stayed on Maui, Hawaii, then two nights at the Royal before coming home. We wanted to see the Mighty Mo. Our room was beautiful and clean. We actually looked around for something that was wrong with it and couldn't find anything. The only thing that I can say got old was the color PINK!!! We were in the tower with an oceanfront room and lania. I know when we booked our room we were told at that time the hotel was being renovated. Our room was in perfect condition and the service there was also above average. If I had the money I would stay there again if I was on Oahu.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pink Palace Party ??? After traveling 5 1/2 hours first class, taking a limo to the hotel, we were ready to ho ke lau and party. 13 of us arrived to a hotel that had lost it's glory many years ago. The accomodations were unacceptable. No one in our party received the rooms they were satisfied with. We were moved 3 times, Our first room, in the historic section was adequately sized, but the sofa was so dirty, that you couldn't sit down. The bathroom had burn marks on the counters and tub, straight out of aBmovie!, and the carpeting was smelly and worn. Then the hotel upgraded us to their junior suite! Complete with no air conditioning, the same dirty sofa( must have been a matched set!), and a dorm room refrigerator (stuck in the middle of the floor ) as furniture!! The 3rd room was in the newer tower. Although much smaller, it did have an ocean view, so we stayed put. Our compadres fared no better in their search for rooms! Each ended up moving multiple times. The hotel , although majestic to look at, with huge potential!, appears to have no on-site management present. Operated under the Sheraton Starwood program, we were told that a Mr. Randy Ha was the General Manager, and worked out of the neighboring Sheraton hotel. If that is true, we never were able to make contact with him/her. Funny story, we were all invited to a cocktail party hosted by the manager, but no manager(s) were present. Additionally, there is only 1 restaurant in service at the hotel. It is buffet styled, poorly serviced, and dirty. We ended up spending our food dollars at the Halekulani hotel nearby. Although the day to day staff was courteous and helpful, this hotel needs a management overhaul. Someone who really loves this old beauty, and is willing to bring her back to the world class hotel she deserves to be!!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>queeney2
<Content>Just Elegant !! My review is a little late but Here goes. We stayed at the Royal Hawaiian 11/19-11/24/2004 and our stay was nothing but pleasant. Upon arrival we were greeted with beautiful lei's and a warm Hawaiian welcome. Our front desk clerk told us that if there was anything that was not acceptable (good) to notify the front desk immediately and it would be taken care of, she said our staisfaction was their goal. Well I was satisfied all week. The room was old, yet elegant, I would not say it was outdated. Keep in mind this really was a palace!! Each room in the historic wing is a littlee different. Yes, as I read in other reviews you do have to reserve your beach/pool chaises for the next day. but if you go down @10:00 w.o. a reservation they give you what is not reserved. This was one of the nicest amenites! Each day I said where I wanted to sit, pool or beach, front or back, etc.. and my chaise was ready with plenty of towels. At the neighboring hotels you have to rent your umbrellas, chairs for the beach(not pool), and many make you accountable for your towels, not here. Not to mention the largest and nicest beach on wakiki. I walked from one end to the other form sand that is primarly hard rocks to a 20 ft beach.But that is not what makes this the Pink Princess, it is the staff. I can not tell you how customer service oriented this hotel is. The valets giving maps with directions highlighted, telling us things to watch out for and great beaches to go to. The room service delivering my 16yo old son the famous banana nut bread to the lobby . The front desk giving him a going away lei because he gave to someone who did not get one at another hotel. These and many other things that I could babble about some more make this hotel the spiit of Aloha. Queeney  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DIRTY, DARK AND LOUD Stayed here two days before X-mas 2004 and I have to say the rooms were awful. Dirty, dark and loud. So bad I never even took my shoes off in the room The public space is fine, but the whole hotel is in need of a major overhaul.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Trisha21
<Content>Fabulous location on Waikiki Beach for the Pink Palace of the Pacific The public rooms and lobby of this historic hotel are beautiful as well as the beach area and gardens. The staff does a great job and the beds are the best of the best.Our first room was small, dark and had ancient flowery wall paper and no view. Our upgraded room was lovely with larger bathroom and great ocean view.We only ate breakfasts here and they were suberb but pricy at $28 each.The location of the hotel is superb and you can walk anywhere along the beach. It is prime real estate in terms of location.Hotel needs to enlarge and redo all old unattractive rooms because the people staying in the rooms are very unhappy and will bad mouth the hotel forever.Go ahead....spend some money...upgrade the old rooms  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our Hawaiian Honeymoon Back in 1956 I was in a patrol squadron at Barber鈥檚 Point, Hawaii. I met and married my wife there and wanted more than anything in the world to spend our honeymoon at the Royal Hawaiian Hotel. The problem was, I couldn鈥檛 afford it on Navy pay. Many years later while working in the Space Industry I was transferred to Japan. We had a stop over in Honolulu so I requested an overnight at the Royal Hawaiian. When we checked in at the desk they didn鈥檛 have our reservation but fortunately I had our confirmation. I guess we looked pretty disappointed when the clerk told us there were no available rooms. He said, 鈥淐ome to think of it, there is one room available and we鈥檒l let you have it at no extra cost.鈥?It was the Bridal Suite. We finally got our honeymoon at the Royal Hawaiian Hotel, complete with the Champaign and all the trimmings. We鈥檝e never been back but I assure you, if we ever visit Hawaii again, we鈥檒l stay at the Royal Hawaiian Hotel.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel My wife and I travel a lot and have stayed at other Hawaiian Isles. The Palace has character and the staff were exceptional. I recommend it completely.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The pink castle Our honeymoon ( June ) started off staying at the Royal Hawaiian. After staying at this hotel in Ohau, I would not want to stay in any other hotel then this one, especially a skyriser. We stayed in the older part of the hotel. We chose not to reserve a suite since we were traveling onward to two other islands. Our room was a very large with the most incredible bedding I have ever slept in. My husband has a bad back and has a difficult time sleeping in hotels, but NO complaints on this trip. The entire time we stayed here was a pleasure. The grounds are beautiful and to wake up and have breakfast overlooking diamondhead, watch surfers and enjoy the color of the water was sooo relaxing. The buffet breakfast was pricey approx $26.00 per person. Since this was our first time to Hawaii, we experienced all the new pleasure and taste of the island fruits and drinks. Staffing was excellent.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth it Stayed in December, 2003 for the Honolulu Marathon. The room left much to be desired. It was small, dark, and very moldy with old peeling wallpaper. Frankly, the room felt like a dumpy motel. However, the beach is fantastic, and the reserved lounge chairs with towels, umbrellas, and food service were a nice luxury that we took advantage of daily. The outdoor bar at night with the music and cocktails is also wonderful. All-in-all I have to say that for the cost of a luxury resort, I expect my room to be acceptable. I wouldn't stay again.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>eightydegrees
<Content>Tower Rooms Reminded Us Of A Holiday Inn While we do like the historic section of this hotel, we were so very dissapointed with the tower rooms. We expected for the prices they charge that they would big and luxurious. What we found instead was this tiny, box like room. The Lanai was so small my husband could just about stretch his arms across and touch either side of the walls. Even though the rooms have just been re-done they are motel quality. All we could think of was how they had the audacity to charge these prices for this tiny room when you can go down the street to a five star hotel and pay less for much better service and a bigger room with a bigger bath and huge lanai. We tried to get that hotel but they were full. Live and learn and never again. Now we know why they never have any pictures anywhere of the tower rooms.While we were there, they decided that they were going to test the phone system at 2:00 am. The phones actually rang throughout the hotel at this time of the morning. I thought it was a fire alarm. All I could think is that we were on the 15th floor and how the heck would we get out of there! Why would any hotel do this? We inquired at the front desk as to why the phone rang at that hour and they said they were testing the system!They also had construction going on in different area's of the hotel. They were digging up the driveway and the drilling was maddeningly noisy. They also had the area surrounding the bar all boarded up. They also had minimal use of the kitchen because they were also updating that, so the Surf room was closed. All you could get was sandwiches at the Mai Tai Bar. For breakfast we were all hearded like cattle into the ballroom for a buffet. We were given a box of mixed nuts for our inconvienence.Yes, the tower rooms are new, but good Lord I have never seen such a small room. They also had a small 15 TV on top of the dresser. Yikes! If you have visions of the tower romms being luxurious like we did, this is fair warning to you. I think our feelings for the pink palace died in that boxy, little room.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jenngg
<Content>The princess is showing her age..... We stayed at the Royal Hawaiian for two nights while in Oahu for business. After years of hearing about the magic of the Royal, I was disapointed. Although our room was one of the more expensive ones (tower ocean front), it didn't strike me as particualrly unique. The staff was alternately indifferent and wonderful, and although the Old Hawaii ambience at the Surf Room was great, the food (other than the perfect gazpacho) was blah and overpriced. The lack of business services was shocking (no wireless internet, fax, or copy machines on site) and made life difficult. Also odd was that although guests are required to reserve pool/beach chairs one day in advance, guests are left to figure this out on their own.Maybe after years of staying at the Fairmont Kea Lani on Maui I've been spoiled by it's perfection. Maybe Waikiki just isn't my idea of paradise. Maybe I'm just a pain! But next time we're forced to stay on Waikiki, we'll look elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Pink Palac of the Pacific...no other place comes close! I used to live in Honolulu and the Royal Hawaiian was my home away from home. Now I live in San diego and I can honestly say that no hotel out here even comes close. The Royal Hawaiian has such history and elegance to it. I found the service at the hotel to be above average. Not excellent! The concierge is behind the front desk. The Mai Tai bar is great but the best mai tai is at the Beach Bar at the Moana Surfrider. The RH could use a little update in the pool area. They just remodeled the pool at the Moana and it looks beautiful. I hope that they do the same at the RH. The rooms in the RH are a bit small but adequate. I always stayed in the historic building. On serval occasions I was upgraded to a nicer view. Each room is different. At least I hav noticed that my times staying there. There is always a loaf of banana bread waiting for you. There is no coffee in the room. The offer complimentary coffee service in the morning in the hallways where the rooms are. The restuarant is outstanding but pricy! The best deal is the Sunday champagne brunch $39. It is a little pricy but the service and quailty of food is outstading. Not to mention all you can handle pink champagne!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hawaiiantaco
<Content>The Pink Palace We just returned from a trip to Hawaii. Although we have been to several Hawaiian islands, this was our first visit to Oahu. We stayed at the famous Royal Hawaiian Hotel. The building is quite impressive. It is expansive, decorative, historic, and very clean. Diamondhead is an easy walk along the beach. The staff is courteous, friendly, and willing to help. The hotel has beautiful gardens and a large botanical area which encompasses a lawn area. While we were there, we saw a wedding performed on the lawn, as well as a hula contest. The location of the property is convenient to shopping and restaurants. Waikiki Beach is beautiful and the hotel has a great beachside restaurant. Although the costs are at times prohibitive, the amenities are wonderful. Be prepared to spend $15.00 a day for valet parking. Without the valet service, parking is $10.00 a day, and the garage is not all that convenient. This is a great place to spend some time. Our visit to Oahu, and the Royal Hawaiian, was diminished somewhat as a result of the sheer numbers of people we encountered! The beach was crowded, the shops were crowded, and the traffic was unbelievable! Before arranging to visit the area, you might want to do some research. We found the West side of this island far less busy.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous hotel We had our first trip to Hawaii this June, 2004 and had the pleasure of staying at the Royal Hawaiian Hotel for four marvelous days. It truly is a charming hotel with a great location. Everyone on the staff was very courteous and helpful. We will certainly stay there on our next trip to this paradise.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice experience The hotel is beautiful and historic. I enjoyed the history and it was much better than staying in one of the concrete giants that surround the Royal Hawaiian. My room, in the original part of the hotel, was small but adequate. My only problem was the service. It did not meet the quality of a grand old historic hotel. The nightly turn down service was hit or miss. Sometimes it was done and other times it wasn't. We had to ask for additional towels every day. You'd think after the first couple of days the housekeeper would just do it without being told. She also didn't replenish soap, shampoo, etc. unless it was requested. The food in the restaurant was pricey but excellent. The service in the restaturant was just ok. The seafood bar was fabulous. You can't beat the beach and location. Everything was clean and well maintained. The concierge was pleasant and helpful. I would definately go back but I wish they would improve their level of service.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Boeing767
<Content>Been coming to the Pink Palace for 27 years My wife and I are Starwood Platinum members, and even though we now live in Hawaii, we still take a short getaway to the Royal a few times each year. The new manager is very warm and responsive, and the grounds exquisite. The only thing that keeps this from being a five-star property is the ancillary staff. The pool and check-in personnel can be a bit standoffish ... but otherwise there is literally no other place like the Royal in the world.We are partial to the views and balconies in the tower wing, however, the historic building is much more charming - tall ceilings, period furnishings and floral wallpaper. This property is worth EVERY penny.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved it!!! My husband and I stayed at the RH in June 2004. We had an oceanfront room in the royal wing, furnishings reminiscent of Old Hawaii. Upon entering our room we were greeted with a bottle of champagne and a loaf of warm banana bread. We also had his/her robes and bedroom slippers. The view of the ocean and Diamond Head from our window was absolutely gorgeous. It was so relaxing to wake up to such a beautiful view and to hear the ocean breeze each am. Oceanfront is well worth the $$$. Service was excellent throughout the hotel. We had turndown service each night. Staff full of the aloha spirit. If your looking for a hotel that can provide a peaceful and relaxing atmosphere and at the same time to be in close proximity to the happenings of Waikiki, this hotel is for you!!! We love this Pink Palace and have vowed to make this an annual destination.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>MY FAVORITE PLACE ON EARTH Wow, there is too much to stay about the Royal Hawaiian. I've stayed there 3 times already and am returning later this month for a 4th stay. It is a beautifully decorated, elegant hotel. It is located in a wonderful location and the service is great. It is just wonderful. It is my favorite place in the world to be. The Royal Hawaiian is truly number 1.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JimAndLori
<Content>Magnificent This property is magnificent in every way.The old world charm combined with such a delightful location is not beatable.Granted, Waikiki is overbuilt, but for a taste of elegance the way it used to be, there is nothing better.We stay here at Christmas on our way to outer islands and it offers a perfect decompression time!  
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Romantic, but lacking service My wife and I just returned from our honeymoon in Hawaii. We spent the first few days in the Waikiki area at the Royal Hawaiian hotel. We wanted a place that was a little more romantic and nostalgic than the usual beach hotel. The Royal Hawaiian fit the bill perfectly as our suite overlooked the beach area and included antique furniture, etc. As perfect as our room was, the service from the majority of the employees was Holiday Inn caliber. From the moment we checked in (which took over 20 minutes - and we were 2nd in line!), we found the staff at the front desk to be less than helpful and completely inattentive. Since we were not able to find a concierge in the hotel, I was left to assume that the front desk must usually handle questions about the area. So a word of advice - do your own homework before getting there. I am glad that I had so that I didn't need to rely on their rude, unhelpful behavior.   
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leahmsherman
<Content>Fabulous! My husband and I spent 2 nights at the Royal Hawaiian in the beginning of May. Its just a fabulous place with lots of extras ... nightly turndown service, complimentary fruit basket, intimate pool area with shaded lounge chairs so you can sit in the sun all day long without getting burnt. We loved the Surf Room breakfast buffet, it offers everything you can imagine. The staff is friendly and very attentive. Room service was wonderful ... we had it twice. It was our second stay there and we definitely plan to return.  
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Terrific! Stayed here for 3 nights in March - also stayed a week in nearby Moana Surfrider (see seperate review). This hotel is just great. The olde-worlde atmosphere just oozes from the walls. We found the hotel to be in a good state of repair and we had a reasonable-sized room in the original hotel building. The attention to detail is amazing. The Royal Hawaiian wants you to know you're staying in the 'Pink Palace' wherever you look! The pink bathrobes, towels and toiletries; the pink umbrellas you sit beneath to sip your Mai Tais whilst you listen to the sound of crashing surf and live Hawiian music - this is the stuff dream holidays are made of. Both Starwood properties have an excellent location right in the heart of Waikiki and fronting the beach. A plethora of shops and restaurants are right outside your door. On two occasions during our stay we found ourselves swimming with giant sea turtles right next to the hotel and the busy beach! Just amazing. If you have any doubts about staying, or have any specific queries before making up your mind then e-mail me.  
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Daqcraig
<Content>Treated Royally at the Royal Hawaiian Four generations of my family stayed at the Royal Hawaiian in mid April 2004. We absolutely loved the old place. My son was married while we were there and I treated him to a fedora hat at the very classy Newt's Hat shop located at the hotel. My mother loved her ocean front tower room. Room service was excellent and I mean Excellent. The surf room was very good but pricey. What else would you expect at a classy hotel? The Mai Tai bar was also excellent and enjoyable. Four generations took in the Royal Hawaiian Luau and found it to be great fun. Subtle Class. Email me if you have questions about the Hotel and I will be glad to help.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not up to reputation My stepsister and I just returned from a four day stay at the Royal Hawaiian. My brother lives in Honolulu and suggested that we stay at the Royal Hawaiian because of it's reputation. I must say we were very disappointed with our stay. First off they did not give us the package we had reserved in November of 2003 for this trip. Secondly, this 5 star hotel put sheets on the bed two nights in a row that had several wear holes! Can you imagine our surprise? The second and third nights we had a roach in the bed. Sadly, this was my stepsister's first trip to Hawaii, and my brother and I felt as if we'd lost face by recommending this hotel. My brother was horrified when we told him of the holes in the sheets. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone based on our experiences. We stayed in the Tower with ocean front room with a large lanai. We ate in the Surf Room the first night we were there and found the limited selection of pricey food to be only adequate, warm not hot, and the service left a lot to be desired. After our meal came we never saw the waiter again until he was ready to give us our bill. Eat elsewhere, as that meal of prawns alfredo and two ice teas was almost $80.00!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2004
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Sunkissedjasmin
<Content>Loved the Old-World Charm My husband and I met and married in Hawaii and decided to stay at the Pink Palace for a night (a gift from my sister) before we went on to NY for our actual honeymoon. We were not disappointed! Although the rooms can be rather small, the charm of the four-poster bed, the high ceilings, the decor, and the general elegance made up for the space constraints. Room service (dinner) was excellent, the meal delicious, and we loved the sound of the ocean through our window. I would recommend staying on the higher floors though (to escape the noise along the beach). The Royal Hawaiian gives the feeling of being tucked away from the main drag of Waikiki -- a wonderful escape from the hustle and bustle of the city, but without sacrificing the convenience.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience I stayed at the Royal Hawaiian during Valentines weekend and thought it was fabulous. I've stayed at many Starwood locations and the Royal Hawaiian is definitely above average. The grounds are well kept and the hotel is beautiful. I had a room in the tower overlooking the water with a marble shower, the softest sheets, and the softest down pillows. The lounge chairs on the beach were an extra bonus too. I would definitely recommend this Pink Palace!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Pink Palace is classic in every sense of the wors I have recently stayed at the Royal Hawaiian, and I personally think it is still a class act. And, judging by some of the comments made on this site, many people share seem to share my opinion. For those of you who had a less than perfect stay, I can only wonder about the attitudes and perspectives of those who posted less than kind comments. Yes, this is a well established hotel which was built during a time when rooms were sized smaller, and hotels where built without lanai. And it's also true that the elaborate gardens and grounds of the Royal were gobbled up by greedy investors, so that the Pink Palace is no hemmed in by massive concrete structures. But all of that hasn't detracted from its aloha spirit, or the gracious service of its staff, or the most desirable beach front location in Waikiki. It is difficult for hotel management to schedule repairs and renovations during high season when the hotel is booked to capacity, so hotels are forced to take care of less serious matters during off peak seasons. This includes the Royal Hawaiian, whose shocking pink facade is repainted, without fail, every 5 years. In closing, I would like to say that you really get what you pay for, so if you book online with a discount broker for a cheaper than cheap price, don't be disillusioned into thinking you'll have an ocean front penthouse suite upon checkin. But if you are courtesous(read that not demanding), you might get upgraded a category or two, if it is available. Aloha e mahalo!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ralph1955
<Content>Charming Old Waikiki I toured the Royal Hawaiian as part of a travel agent fam in March 2003. I was very impressed with the preservation of this historic landmark. I had always pictured it in my mind to be nothing but a gaudy pink resort. I'm pleased to say I was proven wrong! The color scheme is more of a coral and it blends with the ocean and sand very well. What impressed me most was the hand carved wooden doors of the old part of the hotel. Each guest room has its own decorated door that really sets the tone for elegant charm. I actually preferred the garden view rooms over the ocean view because it gives you a totally different experience. Honolulu is right outside your door, but with the excellent landscaping you dont feel like you are in a city. We saw the gardens dressed up for a wedding and witnessed the happy couple having their portraits taken afterwards. Absolutely breathtaking. This is the perfect place to begin a cruise package around the islands or a honeymoon. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>moved to another sheraton... rec'd hotel booking through priceline, confirmed with hotel prior to arriving, category would be gardenview. have admired hotel for years on past vacations, never looked at rooms! upon arrival front desk clerk, rather loudly, announced that we would be receiving gardenview room as our resv. were with priceline. i told him i understood that. had to wait until after three, as that is check in time, we could not check in prior to that time, because he said cleaning staff had not released the rooms yet, that was a first for me! we were given a key to a courtesy room, common room with other people as well. there were only two other people in the room, must be everyone else was lucky and their rooms were ready early!! when we do have room assigned it is overlooking parking area, far cry from gardenview! the rooms with true gardenview are in category called Royal gardenview. Ended up speaking with the manager and requested if she could to transfer us to sheraton waikiki, thankfully she agreed to do so. i told her i know that she did not have to do that because we did go through priceline, we actually had no recourse, so her help was greatly appreciated. not only was the view horrible, but the rooms tiny, bathroom postage stamp size, and furniture was a wreck, general decor nasty!!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Old charm elegance This is my my second trip to Hawaii. My Husband and I stayed at The Royal Hawaiian March 13, 2003 for 5 nights and then continued on to Maui for 5 nights. Beautiful Ocean View w/view of Diamond Head. Definately what we expected and more. We ate breakfast at the restaurant every am- the food and service was above average and we enjoyed the ocean view while we ate. We usually ate our lunch and dinner out of the Hotel due to the excursions we booked. We're both glad we stayed at this most famous landmark. Will be back again in the very near future.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice We stayed during late December and found the hotel to be great. The only problem we had was with the inefficient beach and pool chair reservation system the management had set up. After another guest evicted us from our chairs, a supervisor's presence was requested - who never appeared. Upon returning home, the hotel manager was very apologetic, told us that a meeting was held with the general staff and the staff members in question were spoken with, and his recompense to us for our trouble was quite generous; far more than I expected.If I was back in Waikiki, I would definetly stay here again. Would definetly recommend this resort.Based upon my observations, I would recommend staying the Royal wing, not the Tower wing (the Tower wing looked more like regular hotel rooms; the Royal wing was the wing we were in).  
<Date>Feb 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>meems_cat_2004
<Content>Treated "Royally" at The Royal Just returned from a 10 day trip to Hawaii. Spent our first four days in Waikiki at The Royal Hawaiian. We were upgraded at no extra cost to a 12th floor ocean front room in the tower with a marvelous lanai. Lei greeting.....my daughter at first chose a candy lei and then when she saw how lovely the flower lei ws she wanted to trade.......the desk clerk simply gave her the flower lei in addition. This was an example of the superb service we received the entire stay. Though we didn't eat at the hotel a lot, the meals we did have, mostly breakfasts were very good and the room service was quite prompt. Everyone from maids to valet to front desk people were extremely polite and eager to please. When we ate Sunday breakfast, my daughter's meal was free, another nice surprise. The pool is not large but pleasant and right off the beach which we could access by stepping out of the elevator, down a couple of steps and there you are. Finding lounge chairs on the beach did not seem to be a problem and we never had to reserve one. There were a lot of Japenese tourists there, so I felt almost like I was in Japan, but having visited there before I did not mind. Mostly people were very polite. There is a wonderful ambience to this place which does hearken back to a bygone era of luxury. The garden is not large but still very lovely. The parking valets were very attentive and prompt, also helpful with directions when needed. There is a daily parking fee which most hotels charge......but the convenience of valet parking made it worthwhile. The nightly turndown service was a very nice touch and my daughter especially enjoyed the chocolates on our pillows.We walked over the the next door Sheraton Waikiki for Sunday breakfast and it was very noisy and busy in the huge lobby.........we turned around and came back to the Royal where we appreciated the more quiet atmosphere and enjoyed a very lovely breakfast with a marvelous view of Diamond Head and the beach just outside.The only downside was that toward the end of our stay, renovation on the tower unit forced the closing of one of the elevators which was slightly inconvenient and lengthened the wait to go up and down. This should be done soon however and the newly rennovated rooms are very nice......ours being one of them.It was my daugher's first trip to Hawaii and will always be a memorable time for us both. It was enhanced in large part by the wonderful staff of this grand old hotel. Others may be looking for something else, but this is exactly what we had hoped for and more. We would come back here again!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nostalgia for the old Hawaii I lived in Hawaii back in the 60s and this latest trip (last week in Jan., 2004) was my first time back and my husband's very first time. We spent the first 3 nights in the old section. Loved the old room, HUGE walk in closet but the view was not so hot so we upgraded (thanks for the great deal Royal Hawaiian) to the tower. I could have lived on that lanai for the rest of my life!!! Being in that hotel made me feel like I was back in the 60s. Unfortunately, I did step out into Waikiki. I felt like I was in Japan (been there). It was not Hawaiian at all. The international marketplace was filled to overflow with southeast asian vendors who all sold the same cheap jewelry. The Royal Hawaiian shopping center was one of the biggest disappointments. They say you can never go back and that is so true but while I was in the R.H., I felt less nostalgic. The service was superb.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tried it twice - will not be back Stayed there last year, had an ok stay. Upgraded from garden view room to ocean view small suite in historic section. Stayed in January 2004 and was very mediocre. I think that my expectations for this expensive property must just be unrealistic. Originally given very small ocean view room with furniture that looked like it might fall apart if you sneezed - very worn furniture/bathroom/carpeting. Staff changed rooms for me to a larger corner ocean view room but fabric headboard had absolutely disgusting stains, bedskirt had bleach stains, carpeting was stained and worn out, curtains/sheers all had only about half of the hooks intact. Beautiful grounds, great location, particularly for ocean use (minimal coral). Food is better at Moana than Royal Hawaiian. There is more coral in the ocean in front of the Moana than at the Royal Hawaiian.The general manager and the rooms manager each responded relatively quickly to me. One thing that I didn't post before is that this trip was booked because of promises to make up for a very poor prior stay at this hotel. I sent the following pictures to the general manager and rooms manager. The rooms manager stated that ...we will use this as a training and a refurbishment point for our operations... I also found it amusing that he asked me to visit the Sheraton Waikiki while the refurbishment is occurring.The general manager's response was simply an apology for the experience and The Royal truly is a special property that turns 77 years old this year.These rooms are supposedly in the $445 -$1500 per night category.For a Platinum SPG member, on an awards stay, booked directly with the rooms manager due to a poor previous experience.....I guess that I need to take the hint.Here's the link to the pictures. Pay particular attention to the headboard shots.http://www.shutterfly.com/osi.jsp?i=67b0de21b34ac827e41b脗卢ag=1  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the room, the food was terrible which ruined everything   showReview(1552178, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Pink Palace   showReview(1423384, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room with a view...   showReview(1235939, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It suck's   showReview(1155489, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Larryo
<Content>Nostalgic beauty   showReview(1104565, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the decor   showReview(931240, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>morgan52
<Content>Dreams Come True   showReview(725207, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>How the Mighty Fall   showReview(711895, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Elegance and service create an exceptionally wondeful experience   showReview(628808, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The Royal Hawaiian Hotel: Best Spot on the Beach   showReview(571534, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kazubon
<Content>銉斻兂銈亴銇嶃倢銇勩仩銇ｃ仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(21425681, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>kanpari
<Content>澶亴鍙躲亜銇俱仐銇燂紒   showReview(21418521, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Yamato1111
<Content>銉偆銈偔銇薄寰粹€濄償銉炽偗銉戙儸銈光€?#x201d;   showReview(21364834, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ仹銉忋儘銉犮兗銉炽仾銈夈€併倓銇ｃ伇銇撱亾銇с仐銈囷紒   showReview(21745452, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>norinori5
<Content>鎲с倢銇償銉炽偗銉戙儸銈?#x201d;   showReview(21267361, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉斻兂銈伀娉娿伨銇ｃ仧銉?#x201d;   showReview(21745071, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婂Й妲樻皸鍒嗐伀娴搞倢銈嬨儧銉嗐儷   showReview(21745024, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kenjohn00
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇€犮倞銇屾畫蹇?#x201d;   showReview(20839034, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>mamomamo
<Content>銉偆銈偔銇倝銈勩仯銇便倞銈炽偝銇с仐銈囥亞锛?#x201d;   showReview(20529611, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>銇ㄣ倐銇勩亼
<Content>鏈€楂樸伄銉偙銉笺偡銉с兂       瀹㈠  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Unhappy_M
<Content>銇撱倢銇撱仢銉忋儻銈?#x201d;       銉愩儕銉娿偙銉笺偔  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉斻兂銈儜銉偣   showReview(19170907, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銉ゃ儷銉忋儻銈ゃ偄銉虫湡寰呬互涓娿仹銇椼仧   showReview(19170645, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐢辩窉姝ｃ仐銇勮惤銇＄潃銇勩仧銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19170307, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浣曘倛銈婃櫙鑹层亴銈般偊銈ャ儍锛併仾銉忋儻銈ゃ偄銉炽儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19169855, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓€鐢熴伀涓€搴︺伅銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19169397, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐩伄鍓嶃亴銇欍亹銇捣锛侊紒   showReview(19168882, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉斻兂銈亴銇嬨倧銇勩亜   showReview(19167929, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈勩仯銇便倞銈广儐銈儍鈽?#x201d;   showReview(19167809, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂橈紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(19167805, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銉囥兂銉勩偄銉?#x201d;   showReview(19165119, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉斻兂銈仴銇忋仐   showReview(19164330, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳暤銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19162435, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐪恒倎銇屾渶楂橈紒   showReview(19161366, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>濂虫€у悓澹伀銈偣銈广儭銇с仚   showReview(19161358, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇°倗銇ｃ仺銈儍銈儶   showReview(19161052, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>claire_mi
<Content>stupendo   showReview(7379968, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Schoenes Hotel   showReview(11356263, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎲с倢銇亗銇儧銉嗐儷銇仱銇勩伀銉汇兓銉汇兓   showReview(19157142, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍏呭疅銇椼仸銇勩伨銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19156476, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸璞彲   showReview(19929645, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ伄鑰佽垪銇償銉炽偗...   showReview(19928257, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉斻兂銈亴鏈夊悕銇儧銉嗐儷...   showReview(19926349, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺伄銉忋儻銈ゆ梾琛屻仹...   showReview(19926245, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜堢磩銇儝銈广儓銉儍銈偓...   showReview(19925695, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍓嶅洖銉掋儷銉堛兂銉忋儻銈ゃ偄...   showReview(19924342, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儘銉犮兗銉炽仹琛屻仯銇熸啩...   showReview(19923717, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹舵棌銇с儚銉偆銇銇忋仺...   showReview(19923598, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎸欏紡銆併儚銉嶃儬銉笺兂銈掑吋...   showReview(19923583, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉併偋銉冦偗銈ゃ兂銇椼仧鏅傘伀...   showReview(19923125, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠樸亜銇︺倠銇仛銇壒鍏搞亴...   showReview(19923069, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔銇刀濂姐伄銉偙...   showReview(19920964, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶栬Τ銇屻償銉炽偗鑹层伄寤虹墿...   showReview(19920842, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓€搴︺伅娉娿伨銇ｃ仸銇裤仧銇?..   showReview(19920715, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇欍亾銇楁箍姘椼伄銇撱倐銇ｃ仧...   showReview(19920634, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴峰鎸欏紡銇у埄鐢ㄣ€傚綋鍒?..   showReview(19920391, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉斻兂銈償銉炽偗銇椼仧銇撱伄...   showReview(19920160, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>濞樸伄绲愬寮忋仹瀹挎硦銆€閮?..   showReview(19919451, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉掋偣銉堛儶銈儷銉撱儷銉囥偅...   showReview(19919240, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿兗銈搞兓銉┿偘銈搞儱銈儶...   showReview(19918873, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€銇傘伄銉斻兂銈伄銉涖儐銉?..   showReview(19918621, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇牬鎵€銇亗銈娿伨銇?..   showReview(19917788, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛戝害銇硦銈娿仧銇勩仺鎬濄仯...   showReview(19917562, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ伀銇€侊紤锛愬洖绋?..   showReview(19916758, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

