<Author>Pops44
<Content>Intimate resort       Beach  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ddoran
<Content>DR VETERAN OPINION Background: I have been coming to the DR yearly since being a Peace Corps vol. here many years ago, I just love the Domincan people (and their beer, baseball and beautiful women).The hotel sends their representative to wait for you at the bottom of plane's stairs (they own the airport as well). They then drive you a quick 15 minutes to the hotel where you are checked-in right inside your own room. The beach is all of 15 yards away so you can be relaxing less than 1 hour after arriving. TBH is located inside the Punat Cana ResortThis is not an AI hotel. Our breakfasts were included (as well as 2 dinners). We would eat lunch at the main pool at the Punta Cana resort and we had dinner twice at the Bamboo (one was Domincan food/dance night) and twice as La Yola where you sit outside and view the sea from this Marina spot . We could have eaten there every night.We journeyed by hotel car to nearby Cap Cana three times while there to see the competitive resort and to eat at the new (but no customers) higher end restaurants. Mitre was well worth the trip as well as the Bistro Marrana. We did not go to the just opened Aqua Mar but looked good and we ate at Amarcord and dont bother to eat there. As this area is still being built, it is realy a ghost town for nowActivities: we did the beach buggy along the ocean and we do this every year and try and get muddier ever time: goes along the beach at nearby Cabo Engano. Deep sea fishing: lets just say that we had rough seas and leave it at that and my wife made me promise to never do that to here again! Golf: rented clubs and played at 7.15 (course open at 7.30 but they let me go out alone with a cart and caddy). Pebble Beach style played the 18 holes in exactly 2 hours as there was no one ahead of us. I wasnt going to play but very glad I did.Spa: Had a 90 minute message in our package. Very nice and you can pay extra and they will do this in the beach area.Walk: unlike Bavaro beach, you can walk to the left for 25 minutes and there is nothing at all until you reach the spa. Tranquill! Sunset Horse back: the horses were older than we were. This was just ok and it is every Thursday 5 to 6.Used the golf cart to get around and rode the bikes some as well. To get to La Yola, you will need the cart and ask direction to to the Marina.The staff was always great. They even called the restaurant La Yola ahead of our reservation to make sure my beer was super cold as they put in in a freezer to get it 'bien fria.The question to answer is would we come back. Our reply is that we told them we would be back next time but for 2 weeks!This is a tranquill place and it is best to come if that is your interest. No discos etcI read the reviews on TBH last year at tripadvisor and there was a tip on bidding for a room here at a luxury discount spot. Go to www.luxurylink.com. We did this and it worked great and saved some money. We are going to Peru to see our peace Corps daughter and will use luxury link to book high end places there as well.If anyone has any questions, just email me.DD  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>revabob
<Content>Relaxation at its best Just returned from a 2 day stay at Tortuga Bay Resort. Only 7 minutes from the airport. VIP meet and greet transfers from airport to hotel can't be beat. Stayed in beachfront one bedroom jacuzzi suite which is located on 2nd floor of each villa. Colonial french doors opened to spacious balcony that offered truly magnificent ocean view letting in warm fresh air breeze. 12' high ceilings enhanced spaciousness of the room. limestone tile flooring throughout also included in the huge master bath suite. Your own private golf cart is provided so you can leisurely roam the area. Continental breakfast very tastefully done in Bamboo restaurant. Friendly, courteous staff is always willing to help and cater to your needs. Don't golf, but property does offer golf and tennis. La Yola restaurant made you feel as though you were in Thailand with it's bamboo wood construction. Food and service very good. Ocean very calm, but a slight bit rocky bottom in certain areas. Other than that, our only regret was we couldn't stay longer. .If you want pure relaxation, great weather, pampering, wonderful beach along with privacy and seclusion this is the place for you.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>luv2travel1231
<Content>Wonderful and relaxing getaway We recently visited this resort with another couple and we were extremely pleased. We have traveled to many of the top carribean resorts and this one clearly stood out. From the moment you arrive, you are whisked through customs and escorted to the hotel. The accomodations were superb and immaculate. The rooms were spacious and fully- equipped. The personal concierge service for each villa is always at your beckon call ready to answer any questions. In fact, you are provided with a cell phone with direct link to your personal concierge. The ocean is steps away from the villa. We stayed in one of the second floor units with a breathtaking view of a desolate beach. The resort was nearly full yet you always felt like the resort was your own. At the beach, a fully stocked cooler contained fresh fruit and beverages. A person was on duty at the beach for any needed services. The poolside restaurant was outstanding. July 4th featured both American and local Dominican cuisine with daily musical entertainment. The selection of tapas on the menu was a great snack late in the afternoon accompanied by pre-dinner cocktails. Each villa was supplied with a golf cart to travel to any of the other restaurants at either the marina or at the spa facility. The spa is excellent. The poolside work-out room was compact yet complete. Our friend played a round of golf and enjoyed it immensely. Only minutes away is a nature preserve with natural pristine lagoons available for a quick dip. There is no need to leave the compound since the resort has plenty to do during a quick getaway. The manager, Vincenzo Calcerano, was outstanding and obviously understands the nuiances of running a top of the line small resort with service as a priority (very different from many of the carribean resorts). The icing on the cake was the limousine service to the airport and personal escort with VIP service avoiding all the lines. Within minutes we were escorted to a VIP lounge to await our flight. Food, beverages, computer access and wide screen tvs made the end of the trip stress free when the airport can often be the most stressful part of the trip. When our flight was ready, our escort walked us to our gate. What a great way to end our trip. Hope to return in the very near future. A round of applause to Mr. Calcerano and his staff for a job well done. Dr. and Mrs. F  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jmhinme
<Content>Superb Property and Staff Our family of five couples were there from July 9 to July 14. The property is spectacular, the accommodations extraordinary, the food excellent, the beaches clean with incredible vistas and most importantly the staff are courteous, smiling,friendly and thoughtful.Having traveled extensively all over the world this, in our collective opinion, is one of the nicest properties in the world.The two villa managers, Daphne Stines and Mariello Ferrir were wonderful to us. They are great representatives of the place. Can't say too much about them and Tortuga Bay. We will definitely come back and will recommend it to our friends.Joe and Mary Kay Henson  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pamperredtraveler
<Content>loved the Tortuga Bay June 6, 2008Anaheim, CaliforniaWe bought this trip through a charity event (Interval House) for 3 days, but booked for an extension of 3 more days and wish we extended more.The resort is so beautiful, we bought the ocean view villa, but was upgraded to an ocean front villa. With perks like VIP greeting at the airport to take care of custom and immigration, we were whisked by without get into any lines, not even have to hold our own passports!!!! Then the same service was repeated when we departed. Love those special treatments!!! We also had our own villa's manager to take care of our requests.The weather was so perfect, not too hot, the water was so clear, just perfect. There were rains at night, but the sun always came out in the morning, except for one day.It was a slow season, we literally were there by ourself on the beautiful white sand beach, which were raked several times a day and even though there were only 4 of us (unless, if there was anyone else beside us, they must have stayed in their villa the whole time without even eating), but all of the 4 restaurants were always open with extremely cheerful and ready to please staffs and the foods were wonderful. We learned some Spanish words everyday given voluntary by the staffs at breakfast...We had the golf cart to drive around between restaurants and the dive shop as well as bikes, it was fun. Did I mention they also have Six Senses Spa within the resort's ground?All the staffs at the resort were so helpful and friendly.The only thing that the resort needs to improve is their reservation desk. We almost weren't able to come, if I was not persistantly had the Interval House contacted them for my preferred dates as well as requested for extra 3 days and booked another villa for our friends. At least 2 weeks gone by without anyone contacted me back for their responses, then I had to call and faxed them my requests couple times myself. Just 2 days before my departure date, then they finally contacted me with the confirmation.I don't know if they did not care for having guests or just a bad communitation skill???? You think with a beautiful place like that and not all the villas were booked, reservation desk should jump at any reservation opportunities and making sure all villas and or guests were taken care of. I think the management should re visit and retrain their reservation desk immediately.Beside that, we just loved everything else at the resort.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MiamiGlobeTrotter64
<Content>Best Kept Secret in the Caribbean Spectacluar views, very spacious suites, understated elegant furnishings by Oscar de la Renta, incredible staff, most relaxing environment directly on the Sea, delicious food at Bamboo, your own golf cart. This oasis in Puntcana is a must for all that travel the globe seeking the ultimate resort experience.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stock1040
<Content>Perfection in the Carribean! We have traveled to more than 20 islands in the Carribean, starting with our first trip to Caneel Bay in the early 80's. We are always seeking the perfect place - Tortuga Bay fits the bill.We were treated like VIPs from the moment our feet hit the tarmac. A lovely young woman from the hotel greeted us as we stepped off the plane and whisked us through customs. We were at the property -no joke- 15 minutes after landing. The accommodations were breathtaking, Suite 6121: an enormous living room, 2 bedrooms, 2 luxurious bathrooms, kitchenette and a huge veranda overlooking the ocean, which was just steps away. Beautifully decorated with every luxury one could imagine. Guests are given their own golf cart to navigate the huge property along with a cell phone where you can reach your concierge at the press of a button. Service everywhere was friendly and efficient. Sumptuous breakfasts are included in the room rate. The restaurant at Tortuga, Bamboo, is lovely but guests can also avail themselves of the other restaurants on the Punta Cana property. We liked La Yola at the Marina as well as La Cana at the Golf Clubhouse. It was fun to take the golf cart out and explore! The entire experience was wonderful. We cannot wait to return!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Avon_Barksdale
<Content>Perfect This was a perfect resort experience. We were met at the hotel, sped through immigration, customs, etc. and arrived at our room within 30 minutes of landing. The hotel is absolutely gorgeous and very private - it's like having your own Caribbean villa. Ignore the negative review entitled PUNTA CANTA - that review is of the larger resort next to the Tortuga Bay Hotel. For some reason it was posted on this page when it should not have been. The Tortuga Bay Hotel is amazing.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beachgirl30
<Content>We just love Tortuga Bay..... We are home over a week now and I can finally try to be objective about our stay at Tortuga - I had to let it all sink in to see if our stay was really as wonderful as it seemed.First - yes, the airport experience is great. The arrival and departure is so painless that it enhances the Tortuga experience - stress free - and yes, it is almost embarassing to get such treatment. But we got used to it fast.Victor met us and could not have been more helpful - dinner reservations made, tee times at La Cana (Pete Dye hanging around with his 2 beautiful goldens - got my dog fix!) and Cap Cana, bikes delivered, and introductions at Bamboo - all within the first hour. Relaxation almost instantanious.So down to business:our room was a one bedroom, 2 bath villa - could not have cleaner, ammenities were very good and bed was great The cleaning staff is on top of everything. We asked for early service and got it. Turn down was wonderful - I never got the name of the woman who did our turn down but she came at the same time each evening - it seems consistancy is important because the staff always maintained a schedule, no surprises.As for the food - I can see where some would have a problem (not alot of choices) with it, but for us it was perfect. Bamboo was enough for me but then again I am so happy when I can order egg whites with spinach (ask for the menu) and fresh fruit. My husband had omlettes, pancakes and all those other goodies and he was pretty psyched. Here is an example of the service - there are always fresh juices on the buffet but Felix overheard us say we'd have like to try some fresh watermelon juice. 5 minutes later it was delivered. One day I asked if they made fresh papaya juice (great for the skin), once again - delivered.After that as we sat by the pool Felix (no prompting) delivered that fresh watermelon juice daily - with fresh lime on the side and a glass of ice if we wanted it colder.The drinks at Bamboo are the best at the resort. Antonio knows what he is doing - GREAT cocktails. Unfortunately I cannot say that about the other bars at the resort, including the club house. So for us we learned to have our happy hour with Antonio - who also served guac, chips and salsa at the bar. The best! I will just say the staff is accomodating and actually sincerely happy. We did tip - so did that make a difference? Maybe, I don't know. One of the food service people, I will let him remain nameless, went up to my husband and thanked him for the generosity. These were not big tips but fair gratuities given the service.So let me say this on behalf of the Tortuga team - if you visit, disreguard that 10% gratuity on food and drinks and add a couple of bucks. It means so little to all of us and so much to the staff. Be kind.Lastly about the food - I was so happy with wonderful salads (lettuces are grown on premise and amazing) with grilled shrimp or fish - so simple, so good. Yet Naury (hope spelling is right and the man with the amazing smile, maybe Juan?) made my husband whatever he wanted.Grilled lobster, a steak - any sides he wanted whether on the menu or not - they made it.And as a food person I peeked in the kitchen - immaculate.I owned 2 food stores in the Hamptons - I appreciate quality and it was delivered here. The golf - this is from listening to my husband - La Cana is ok and so convenient it makes it all the better. BUT - CAP CANA? Well, we live in the land of Shinnecock, Sebonack and the National - this is on that level (since he isn't writing this I can share - he shot a 76 at Cap Cana). I went to the course with him that day and it was amazing - the problem there is the language barrier. I try to speak the language but I was hopeless there. And much of the staff spoke no English - yes, I know, we were in a Spanish speaking area but they are courting the Amercian dollar......... Ok, sorry to be so long winded (I could go further - the spa, the grounds) but Tortuga Bay deserves its due - if you have a bad experience there it is on you - not them.So yes, it is wonderful -There isn't a doubt in our minds, we will return to Tortuga Bay - thank you!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>dewey8
<Content>Great Place A great vacation. Very expensive but worth it. The service was excellent and the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. The setting is nothing short of gorgeous. The service they provide to get you in and throught customs, check in, etc is a real time saver. The villa was top notch and nothing was crowded even in high season. No waiting for anything!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bhb2460
<Content>reluctant to disclose the secret! The best for someone in their mid-60's, but I need somehwere to dance Oscar! I will definitely be back.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FernandoL
<Content>Heaven on earth, Tortuga Bay It was a real pleasure and joy to stay at such an exquisite hotel. Thank you to the wonderfull staff that made our stay at one of the most memorable rooms ever. An amazing view of the caribbean sea combined with a room with all the comforts and beauty anyone can ask for.We hope to return to this unique place.A warm thanks from,Fernando Lama and Family  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>day1
<Content>Great find!       Lunch on the beach  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>murphyCt
<Content>amazing Just back from 5 days at Tortuga Bay. It was everything we hoped it would be and more. Spectacular scenery, gorgeous property, spacious, clean and luxurious room, and 1st class service. We took our golf cart over to PC Resort and although we do wish we had eaten at la yola at the marina, we were perfectly happy staying at Tortuga. Actually, I can't imagine ever wanting to leave! We have been to many wonderful first class resorts.......this is our new favorite. TOTAL relaxation.........I can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheMelds
<Content>Your own private resort       Lux Bath!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>fatsmasher
<Content>Terrible service in beautiful setting First the pros: beautiful room, great beach.But sadly the cons are pretty bad. The service at Tortuga Bay thankfully is OK. But once you venture to the main hotel of Punta Cana, all bets are off. The staff members aren't just slow. They're just plain not nice. No smiles, no greetings. I spent a whole morning commiserating with another woman who traveled from NY. Also, many people do not speak English but pretend they do. For example, I ordered noodles for my son and was given some sort of brick hard chicken diskette. The waiter insisted that these were indeed noodles. If all you want and care about is a great beach, this is your place. But for service and food, stay away. This is also not a family friendly. My 2 and 4 year old kids had to drink out of wine glasses for the week. And the kids menus are extremely limited.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	4	4	4	1	4	

<Author>kej1120
<Content>Wonderful Experience We stayed in an Ocean View two-bedroom suite which overlooks the Caribbean Sea some 50 yards away. Tortuga Bay consists of 15 Villas with either ocean or golf views inside the Punta Cana Resort and Club. Everything was perfect; the weather, the accomodations, flat screen TVs, the help, especially the bartenders at the Bamboo and the Villa Managers who take care of your every need, the beach. The Punta Cana airport arrival and departure alone is worth the money - a representative literally whisks you through every line and the customs and passport inspectors give the Tortuga Bay residents and guests preferential treatment. We went to the head of every line and could wait for our departure flight in a beautiful air-conditioned lounge with food and open bar. We left our home at 6am in the Philadelphia area and were on the beach (losing an hour) by 1:30pm in the afternoon. Golf is pretty good at the resort (6,600 yards from the member tees) but I heard that Cap Cana 10 minutes away is even better. Some of the restaurants were less than perfect; La Choza left something to be desired but La Yola and the restaurant at the golf club were excellent. You do go broke with tips, so bring some cash with you - a no tip policy would be very nice.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>newtonowl
<Content>Exceptional service, wonderful resort Just back from 5 fantastic nights at Tortuga Bay. If you are looking for total relaxation at a gorgeous and quiet place, this is it! It is hard to explain the level of service -- it is like nothing we've ever experienced, an especially welcome surpise for the carribean (and we've been to various high end resorts on different islands each winter for the past 5 years). From the moment we stepped off the plane  saw our name on the placard, we were totally taken care of a la rock stars! We were in our villa within 30 minutes of landing  began to relax right away. The staff was so kind and efficient -- everything just worked so smoothly. I speak Spanish which helped at times though it seems most have passable (though not great) English.The place is simply immaculate with an army of landscapers constantly grooming the beach  walkways. The room is just as pretty as it looks on the website and perfectly maintained twice a day by expert housekeeping. Truly comfortable  open with a fantastic balcony (we were in an oceanfront junior suite) and unobscured view of the beach just below. Decor is minimal  elegant which really appealled to us. The sort of room you don't mind being in for a little while in the unlikely event of a storm (we had a one afternoon of bad -- windy -- weather which they said is pretty unusual).We had great fun tooling around on the golfcarts  also riding bikes though the enormous property. We are not golfers though many guests raved about the challenging courses. We went snorkelling which was fun  really clear with lots of nice fish  coral to look at. Also went on the included ecological tour. Part of what these owners have built on the property is a sustainable farm... they are very proud to show you around. We liked seeing  swimming in the natural lagoons but were not wild about riding donkeys, holding hens, feeding goats, etc... it took longer than we expected (2.5 hrs) so just know that before you go...Otherwise we just relaxed on the nearly deserted beach. The chaises are really comfortable  umbrellas plentiful. The ocean is quite calm because of where the resort is sited. Not too many waves.. nice to just swim in the warm waters! We did a lot of walking -- you can wander down the shore for a very very long stretch  it is totally natural. You don't see ANY buildings -- no other resorts (only club med is remotely close though we only saw that when we were out on a boat). All of the big hotels, all inclusives, condos, etc are in a totally different part of the area. So we just walked -- really flat  nice for strolling or jogging. Sometimes we would head to the beautiful golf clubhouse which has a magnificent pool and nice spot for lunch. The 6 senses spa is also there. The spa is fantastic -- seems to be run  staffed by Thais. It is truly exquisite -- very asian feeling. Meals were better than we expected for the caribean. Breakfast at Bamboo, beside the pool, was very nice. Excellent coffee!! You can go for the buffet or they will prepare anything you want (omlette, oatmeal, fruitshake). We had excellent salads for lunch each day from either Bamboo (which will bring you a meal at the beach if you prefer) or the Golf house. Dinners were pleasant but less impressive. Best dinner was Dominican BBQ at Bamboo on friday night -- lots of fun  great food!We loved the fact that we didn't feel compelled to really dress up for dinner. It is a very relaxed place -- pretty quiet  private. If you are looking for a party atmosphere  intense night life, Tortuga is not the place. With that said, we certainly met a lot of really lovely people -- mostly Americans though some Europeans, all quite active, sophisticated  well travelled. At first we were shocked by how few people seemed to be there but we quickly got used to it  enjoyed being at a resort that is large in size but small in number of people -- it is so spread out that you just don't run into crowds in any way.While we like to try new resorts each year, we feel it will be hard to match the experience at Tortuga! It just feels incredibly exclusive  everything we had hoped for in a relaxing getaway.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mikeda10
<Content>Nice Place - Wacth out for the Taxes and Fees ! The villas were very tatsefully appointed and the staff was very accommodating all around, although at times there were just too many in staff, to the point where there was true disorganization. There is a big language gap, as most of them speak very little english, so the restaurants frequently get the orders wrong. Time and patience perservere here, and they were always willling to correct it. The personal concierge was a nice amenity and helped smooth thiings over. Watch out for the surcharges, which are 26% (16% for D. Republic and 10% for the legal hotel service fee) It adds up quick and makes this resort, in my opinion, not very value driven, nor does it rise the level of five stars.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>relaxingtimenow
<Content>great beach front home, i mean resort This resort is absolutely fabulous if you are looking to get away from it all via high quality accommodations and service. If you are looking for nightlife or partying or spring break this is absolutely not the place you want to go. However ,if you are looking for total relaxation in a private secluded luxurious beach setting there are very few that could compete with this resort. I took my wife here for our 5 Th anniversary in early November 2007. Granted it was off-season, but there was literally no one here. This place feels more like you are the guest of a billionaire friends and you are staying in his private compound than a hotel. The rooms are extremely large, modern and luxurious, because you are really staying in a large brand new house, the resort is less than 2 years old. The beach is easily one of the nicest that I have ever been to. There is nothing to do here but relax and enjoy. The villa mangers took care of our every wish and even upgraded our room. This place will exceed even the most demanding guest's wishes and is truly a boutique hotel and one of the finest in the world.I am a serious golfer and the course was very nice, but not world class. However, it is in superb condition and a very enjoyable track. The only thing it lacks is a replay package as one day I played 18 holes and finished in 2 hours 20 minutes and only went through a single foursome on the course! Additionally, CapaCanas course is just 15 minutes away as well. The facilities at the Puntacana's golf course and beach club are extremely nice. My wife loved the spa.The service at Tortuga bay is extraordinary, (think Ritz Carleton, Four Seasons level) The Bamboo restaurant is extremely tasty and the decor is wonderful. (the only strike i would say is that it is very heavy cuisine and a bit pricey with limited dinner selections, maybe 10 choices and ala cart at $50 minimum for an entree, and they wont permitt you to order the lunch menu at dinner)  However, the lunch menu is the same as room service and is very large and excellent. The restaurant is very tasty and has the best crab cakes I have eaten. The beach front dineing is great. The bar staff is fun and you feel more like a part of the family than a guest. The butler service is there to answer any question you may have and fully takes care of your every wish via a cell phone. This place is truly one of the nicest you will ever see. The only negative of the whole experience was the limited dinner selections and the beach front beverage wait staff service was very sparse. I am not sure i would want to be here at peak season. The sister resort is more than 40 years old and it shows. We had dinner here one night and it was poor, However we had dinner at the marina restaurant and it was world class. on both occasions.Even more incredible is the fact that Puntacanas owner is the only man in the world to own his own international airport. (less than 5 min away) The round-trip transfer service is completely understated. They pick you up and guide you the second you step foot on the tarmac. The guides then bypass you through all of the hundreds of people standing in line to clear customs. On the departure it is even better because they fast track you by every person in line for customs, immigration, and ticketing. They then take you to a beautiful air conditioned lounge that feels like a South Beach night club more than an airport lounge. It has flat screen TVs, and complimentary bar and food service. They then wait to the last minute until your plane is fully loaded and whisk you onto the jet, you will be the last one seated and they will not leave with out you. I have flown private jets a great deal and this is the closet you will come to a fix based terminal going commercial. This service really makes you feel like a rock star and is a giant plus.Overall, I would highly recomend this resort to anyone and cant wait to get back there.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>K_A_AnnArbor
<Content>Great Place to Relax       Villa  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>don28
<Content>Overrated  Poorly managed upscale hotel that switched category room without notice. Although 51 units here with most empty and after arriving at 9PM from a 4 hour flt from Santa Domingo, kept us waiting 2 hrs to clean the room. Our villa manager was poorly trained - provided no orientation info nor map of the facility so we would know how to get around. Room problems = doors and windows wouldn't open or unable to secure, broken window louvers, no shower drainage so water just sat there all day long, cheap alarm clock you can't read during day, loose toilet seat, and TV facing wall so no easy way to watch. Provided no menu at breakfast until we saw people eating items other than those provided on the banquet. When we finally had to ask for one two days later, given one with prices on it, suggesting items on it are not complementary when they are. Beach attendant frequently missing, failing to offer beach amenities or inform that beach chairs are assigned, and talking and laughly loudly with security guards while guests are trying to read or sleep. Tried to scuba dive but dive master was inexplicably absent and no one to take his place.  If you want to get away from cell phones, this is not the place to be since they give you one and it is the only way to communicate with your villa manager. Stayed at upscale resorts many places but this was the most poorly trained staff we have ever found with room problems we have never before encountered. For the money they charge at Tortuga Bay, you get a lot more at the Four Seasons and other upscale resorts. Definitely not worth the price.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>moonchild711
<Content>Tortuga was terrific We just returned from 5 nights at Tortuga Bay. We had an excellent visit. The ocean front suite was beautiful, the beach was empty and secluded, the water clear. The staff was top rate: very kind, helpful and respectful. The resort it very well maintained. VIP transportationto and from the airport is included in your package, and is really terrific. Breakfasts were really good - we had most lunches on the beach which were great too. Dinners were nice, but we liked our other meals better. There is a little village nearby and we loved the Portuguese restaurant there. My husband played some fun sets of tennis, set up by the pro. We visited the organic farm, hiked through the ecological trail, biked all over the property, and used the sea kayaks and swam. We did not golf, but others we met did, and said the course was very good. The Spa was beautiful and we each had 2 wonderful massages. We would absolutely recommend this beautiful resort.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ElTutty
<Content>Choosing to stay at Tortuga Bay................Priceless!! You can pretty much read the general consensus on this place...IT ROCKS! I have no idea about that review with a O.K. rating...check yourself. The resort grounds at Tortuga Bay are unreal, the beach itself is worth the price of admission not to mention the views from our villa. If you are serious about going to outstanding places where you are treated like royalty and then some...put this place on the top of your list of where to go next! Our experience at Tortuga Bay was AWESOME! from the VIP airport pick up and transfers (warm towels and cold Fiji water in the van on the way to the hotel from the airport) to meeting your Villa Manager at your villa for check in (keys to your golf cart and personal cel phone during your stay) the extra special attention to detail and care was by far the best vacation we have had. The Staff is what makes this place as outstanding as it is, our Villa Managers went out of their way to accomodate any requests, the restaurant / bar staff is excellent, the kitchen made us whatever we asked for (on menu or not..just ask),gourmet snacks on the beach, and even the management checked in with us regularly to see if there was anything else we needed or would like...I am not famous but let me tell you, my wife and I felt like we were celebrities our whole stay at Tortuga Bay. The Six Senses Spa is a must (try a few treatments) and the golf is excellent (check out the holes on the ocean). All the restaurants on the property are very, very good. At a couple of the restaurants the Chefs came to check on the dishes prepared just to make sure everything was to our satisfaction. I cannot say enough good things about the staff at Tortuga Bay. When you get there make sure to send my warmest regards to Yulianna, Michelle, Franklin, Mariela,Naury, Fabio, Luis, Juan, Santiago, Mariano, Antonio, Melvin, and all others on staff!......................now go and make your reservation!!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rudecourt
<Content>Service Supreme From the moment I arrived until the moment I left, the service was impeccable. Starting with the reception at the airport and continuing with the hotel reception with Giselle Rodriguez, who was very amicable explaining everything about the hotel, to the cabdriver that took me to the airport, the treatement was a courteous and very friendly one, caring about every detail. Just imagine, I left a wake up call, and not only was it right on time, but it was followed up by another from the operator and a last one from the hotel manager. I will definitely be back.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BJArbor
<Content>Treated Like a Rock Star!!! Outstanding in every way... We were at this resort for our wedding and honeymoon in July and it was by far the most romantic, peaceful, most beautiful trip I've ever had. We had our wedding at The Punta Cana Resort and Club and it was fabulous. The resort has it's shortcomings but overall it is a truly amazing and unique property. If you're looking for Peace and quiet there is no better place short of renting your own island! The Honeymoon started at The Paradisus Palma Real and that was by far the most over rated hotel we have ever been to. We are experienced travellers and always stay at top notch properties. The Palma Real was a real disappointment. Within 2 day we were calling Ashley at The Punta Cana Resort and Club to schedule our return. And we were soooooo glad we did. We were picked up at the Paradisus by our driver with a cooler full of Fiji water and treated like royalty from that moment until our return to the airport. When we arrived we were taken to our Ocean front room where we were checked in. No desk, no line, no delay. Check in at your room is wonderful. There was fresh fruit in Coconut shells waiting for us on arrival. The room was on the beach and the view from our plush and supremely comfortable bed was absolutely Amazing. Nothing but Blue water and a pristine beach that was all ours. During our stay we felt like we had the whole resort to ourselves. We've been to the resort 4 times and it always feels that way. The food is very good. Being from the NYC area we always eat well so I can't say outstanding but much better than anything else we've had in the DR. The staff is wonderful and every step of the way we were treated like Rock Stars. They were extremely friendly yet disappeared when they weren't accomodating us. We can't thank them all enough. The golf is good and the course never seems very crowded. the conditions could be a little better but we were there in the summer months so you might expect some dry fairways. The Spa is wonderful and we had a 4 hour couples treatment and experience that was out of this world! The options are endless in the Six Senses Spa!If you're looking for nonstop action and loud partying, this is not your place. If you want The Very Best in rest, relaxation and romance look no further. Be prepared to burn up a credit card on the trip, the place is not for bargain hunters. Overall, this is by far amongst the best in the Caribbean. Thank You Tortuga Bay for a wonderful and unforgettable experience!Drs. Dean and Toniann  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tigerPorto_Portugal
<Content>Absolutely fantastic       Beach  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katrinaallen23
<Content>Nice resort I stayed at Tortuga Bay Hotel from 6/4/07 - 6/10/07 for my honeymoon. I have some mixed feelings about the resort. The service at the airport was excellent. We were taken through customs and to the hotel within about 20 minutes. The resort is very close to the airport. The resort grounds were kept very well. It was very quiet and secluded. At times, we felt as if we were the only ones there, which was great for a honeymoon. We were upgraded to an oceanfront room. The room was very clean and comfortable. It had 2 bathrooms and a kitchenette. There is a flat screen television with sattelite. You can also connect to the highspeed internet in the room. We also had a jacuzzi on the terrace. We were not given very much instruction about the room or the resort. There was no information in the room regarding activites at the resort or excursions. I was able to get this information from an airport brochure. There is no pricing on the mini bar items. We were charged for several things that we did not eat or drink. It was corrected when I pointed it out. Food is quite expensive. For example, lunch which included a chicken salad sandwich ,a mediterranean salad , and 2 cocktails was about $100.00. There are other less expensive restaurants on the Puntacana side of the resort.The staff is very nice and helpful. I would encourage everyone to leave the resort and go on some excursions to see other areas of the Dominican Republic. Overall, the resort was very nice and I would consider returning.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lhm15
<Content>Fabulous Resort We recently visited Tortuga Bay in late April, 2007. I had discoveredit through a write up in one of my travel magazines and thought we should try it. I must say that it over-exceeded our expectations. Our plane was met by a representative from Tortuga Bay who escorted us to a private VIP terminal where we were processed through customs in minutes. Our bags were loaded into a van and we were taken directly to our villa where we were met by our villa manager, Alejandra, who checked us in and showed us the amenities with in the villa and had our golf cart delivered (all villas in Tortuga Bay recieve a golf cart for getting around the grounds of Punta Cana.) She then asked if she could make any reservations or recommendations for us which., of course we accepted. Our two bedroom villa had 2 beautiful master baths--always important in traveling with friends-- 3 flat screen tv's and dvd, internet connections in both bedrooms, huge closets with safes, a lot of privacy in the bedrooms and a small kitchen/pantry room. All rooms open to the ocean and there are lounge chairs and table outside each bedroom and a dining table in the center. THe beatiful white beach is directly in front of you and every morning the lounge chairs are set up on the beach with fresh rolled towels, umbrellas and a young man available to get water, drinks, or food when ever you desire.The staff is superb--very attentive without being intrusive and will address any need that you have. They have drivers available to take you to the little shopping center and pick you up when you call. Everyone is very friendly and seem to enjoy their jobs. They are also proud of their resort, as well they should be. They are anxious for the guest to enjoy their stay and to return in the future. The food was excellent everywhere we dined. Most of the time we stayed on property and our favorite was Bamboo, right in Tortuga Bay. They also make a great drinks! We also ate at La Yola at the Marina and LaChoza. One night we went to Mama Louisa's off property and had a terrific Italian dinner. Plan to eat later in the evening as that's when things get hopping. The two men in our group played golf two days. They felt that the current Punta Cana course had an excellent layout but could have used a little better grooming. There is another course set to open this summer by Tom Fazio, I believe, which they felt looked really interesting.All in all, this is an excellent retreat, Tortuga Bay. Very quiet and romantic. I don't beleive that I would take small children here however, as there are more activites for the little ones in the larger resort, Punta Cana, itself. I did not see any children at all there during our stay.This is a lovely, lovely place that I highly recommend.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GstaadSpeedster
<Content>Totuga Bay Hotel is an absolute gem in the Caribbean ! If you are a demanding guest then Tortuga Bay Hotel in Punta Cana is definitely your ticket. There is absolutely nothing negative that can be said about our stay and above all the staff is superb and extremely courteous. Oscar de la Renta did a superb job decorating the Villas, very elegant and tasteful. I can best describe our experience as one of absolute privacy and serenity, you never feel that you are in a hotel, far from it, this is really a boutique hotel like in the very best places around the world. And it is the Caribbean if you know what I mean...On our last day we ordered sushi and sashimi on the beach in front of our Villa, served under the umbrella on a white cloth table and superb Chilean white...  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marlaWestchester
<Content>Certainly not worth the money We just returned from a trip to the Tortuga Bay Hotel, and although the property is visually beautiful and well maintained, we certainly didn't feel we received value for our money and we would not recommend or return. The pros are : you are met at at the airport and escorted thru customs ( a great service)impeccable grounds and beach, large room, very friendly staff, nice spa. Cons are: inconsistent service, very uncomfortable bed, very, very disappointing cuisine, the smell of insecticide being sprayed every nite, room decor is neither luxurious or warm/romantic (if this is what Mr. De la Renta considers decor he should stay with fashion), little communication from the staff (if you don't ask, don't expect information) - the adjoining hotel is the Punta Cana Resort and club, which truly is a dump! The Tortuga Bay is pretty, and if you are there to take advantage of the golfing and don't mind bad food, then I could possibly see someone perhaps enjoying it. We went expecting a romantic retreat and that's not what it is - very disappointing after spending a lot of money on our only vacation this year.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VanessaE
<Content>Fabulous In Every Way!!!!!!! From the moment you step off the plane in Punta Cana, the folks from Tortuga Bay treat you like royalty. They greet you in the terminal and escort you through customs and baggage claim, then transport you to the luxurious resort. Accommodations are first class and amazing! The spa is out of this world. We had a wonderful villa manager, Victor, who was there for anything we needed: dinner suggestions, reservations, etc. All of the staff is very professional. Especially nice were the gentlemen serving breakfast at the Bamboo Restaurant.I can't say enough good things about this place. They think of everything: golf cart for transportation on property is a great example. On departure, we had someone else from the resort greet us at the airport and escort us through ticketing, security, customs, etc. And there's a private lounge to relax before your flight departs. I can't wait to go back again!!! My best vacation ever!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>newyorkkathy
<Content>Paradise   showReview(7186168, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kreay32
<Content>5 Stars all the way - Wow!       Bathroom with beautiful tub  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ECoast
<Content>I hate to let the secret out!   showReview(6787262, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Chaz20c
<Content>Absolutely First Class   showReview(6750354, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RADBJB
<Content>Unbelievable!!!!   showReview(6127951, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PamWestchester
<Content>Fabulous!   showReview(5379695, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>paris3Paris
<Content>Un des meilleurs 5* des Cara茂bes   showReview(23035103, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>NatBarcelona
<Content>NATBCN. Nuevamente, excelente   showReview(19709480, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BarcelonaEva
<Content>Maravilla en Punta Cana   showReview(8617365, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

