<Author>kkymmy
<Content>A little gem hidden behind the Tate! I was very impressed when we arrived at the City Inn, the reception area was clean and bright and the staff helpful. We were able to check into our room around four hours early.The rooms were clean and everything was given to us from the expected tea and coffee facilities to a vanity kit for applying and removing make up.The bed was wonderfully comfortable, although the duvet was heavy and even though it was bitterly cold outside we overheated during the night.The staff were friendly and helpful and gave us useful information upon arrival. One negative was an alarm call booked for one of the rooms for 7am that never came. Thankfully one call was made so everyone was up in time for breakfast and a pre booked flight on the London Eye. Breakfast was served quickly and efficiently although some orders for the cooked breakfasts got a little muddled. I was inclined to let it slide though as the restaurant was exceptionally busy and we did get hot food delivered very quickly.Upon check out we did not have to ask to leave our luggage which was stored in a staff only room behind reception and was able to be collected promptly in yime for our train.All in all I would recommend this hotel, but shop around for deals. There are better hotels out there for the 拢150 a night mark.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>exploremore1
<Content>Nice hotel The hotel had a great special for the Christmas season. The front desk staff let us check in early which was nice. The beds were so soft and it was helpful to have the computer in the room to check attractions and look up locations. There really wasn't much of a view from the room, but the location was nice, in a small neighborhood. The metro stop is about a 10 minute walk in the quiet area and the front desk staff is helpful about giving directions and answering questions. The bathroom wasn't that great, it was sort of small but still it was nice. The rooms are a great size and you have plenty of space in the room. You could walk to the hotel from the center of town, about a nice 20 or 30 minute walk. The room service was well priced and prompt. If you get back to the hotel and are tired or just spend the evening in, they have a nice choice of DVDs which my friends and I enjoyed when things slowed down there during the holiday. The pillows on the bed were super soft. I have heard horror stories about London hotels being too small or cramped, but this one wasn't and the price was not outrageous, either. A great stay! I would go back, definitely.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nigecathy
<Content>Beautiful New Years Eve Break We chose this hotel due to its location for the New Year celebrations in London. An excellent priced package included evening meal and breakfast. Room clean and well presented along with wifi access and great entertainment system.The staff were very helpful at the booking stage and check in and the restaurant food and service excellent.Had a couple of small issues that were very quickly sorted by the General Manager and his staff, makes you believe that some people really do believe in and give top notch customer service.We recommend you consider staying here whilst in London, great location with easy access to major attractions.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>westlife07
<Content>A Hidden Gem Went to London for the New Years Eve fireworks. We wanted a hotel close to the embankment and this was nice and close. A smart glass hotel, reception area very spacious with plenty of check-in desks. (Just one little niggly point at this stage, make sure you take the card you used to pay for your accomodation, had to go through the rigmarole of refunding my original card and charging it to the one I had brought with me. Can't really see the point of that, they had payment for the room when I booked it originally. They must have their reasons but have to say have never experienced that before!!). Rooms are nice and clean with bright bathroom. No bath just a shower, but that wasn't a problem. Excellent breakfast both mornings that we were there. NY Day was buffet style including the hot food and was served between 7am and 3pm!! The 2nd morning , the hot food is served at your table, plenty of choice and not mean with the portions. Far better way of doing breakfast as it was nice and hot, not luke warm as it has tended to be in other 4* hotels we have stayed in whilst in London. Nice bar on the 1st floor, bit pricey but then it is London. Double measures tho. All staff are very friendly and nothing is too much. (Hello to Paola on check-out, very helpful.). Will definately be back.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cabbiegirl
<Content>good location, shame about the food stayed here to bring in the new year. First time in London for new year and booked the new years eve package. I upgraded room to a suite which had a great view and a lovely size bathroom. Very clean and could not hear the lift so got a great night sleep especially as the bed was hudge and soft. The best thing about this place is the bar. The bar men take special pride in there job, watching them make my cocktails was very pleasing, especially the italian guy as he has huge passion which is lacking in most london bars, it started my night off lovely.My problems with my stay was that the new years eve buffet was extremely poor. Most of the dishes were bland except for the beef wellington which was ok. We had to wait around for ages before they bought cutlery to serve us the vegtables so the beef wellington layed cold on our plates while we waited in line. Very disapointing. Also the puddings were adverage. Would have been better to had stayed at home and got in some marks food. We also went up to the sky bar, which had great views and lots of champagne but the canapes were very salty and were brought round by waiters not very often and there was not enough to offer people. Very bad, shame on you city inn for being tight. The staff are extremely friendly but check your bill when you check out. They tried to over charge us for the amount of 拢40. The Lady that checked us out also short changed us for 拢10 which we only realised once we were home.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	-1	4	3	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>BergenRoy
<Content>perfect hotel in central london Really loved this hotel, after a bad experience in london a few years ago was this a very good one.We had a nice and clean and modern room. With everything you want included, also free internet with an imac.Did not try breakfast or a restaurant, but everything else was ok, good service from nice people wo know how persons like to be treatet, will definitly use this hotel again if im in London some other time, well it helped with the bad currency course for britisch money, that made it more availabel for me. its like a ten minute walk to the tube, but the bus 88 goes to all the sights in central london, so i would recomend that one before the subway. it goes after the hotel, to westminster abbey, bigben,travalqar square,regent street, picadilly circus,oxford circus......and so on....  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cornish007
<Content>Still The Best Second stay in 3 weeks. Paid for club room upgrade to qualify for 4pm check out - very, very welcome after a heavy night on the town.Simply cannot fault this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DaveC64
<Content>Loved it. I booked this hotel for my girlfriend's birthday. It was precisely what we wanted - spacious, clean, quiet, and with great features. The room came with free internet supplied through a very swanky 20-something inch iMac which also functioned as the TV - and the reception handed out free DVDs to watch on it. The bar was expensive, but very swanky. The gym looked nice, but we're far too lazy to have used it.It's not exactly close to the fun stuff - it's near Lambeth Bridge so it's close to Parliament and the Thames, but it's a bit of a walk into Leicester Square etc. That's a very, very minor thing though, I love this hotel, and I definitely intend to go back.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bhwh
<Content>Advice from a seasoned guest This was between my 20th and 30th stay at the City Inn Westminster Hotel. I don't remember exactly. However, this in itself, says a great deal about my experience of the place. I have only now been prompted to post this review because I think I have finally sussed the place out...well almost. Location: Excellent. Near enough to walk to Covent Garden, Regent Street, Wheel etc. But at the same time, lovely and quiet. Plus, you can feel very safe around and about the area. Facilities: Nice and contemporary design which they seem to be keeping reasonably fresh. On my past few visits I've felt that things have been starting to look tired but there is now evidence that they are freshening things up (new carpet, bit of decorating etc). Free WIFI is a massive selling point for me. Also the iMac in every room is a top notch idea. Showers are fantastic. This brings me onto the final point...Staff: 99% of the staff are not adequately fluent in English. Over my many, many stays at the hotel, I have (of course) had need to speak to staff regarding queries, small problems and a couple of serious problems (on this recent trip this involved a fairly serious leak in the bathroom which made the sink unusuable - we eventaully changed rooms). NONE of these things needed to have caused serious problems IF HANDLED CORRECTLY. However, in almost every case, there was a complete breakdown of communication which leads to unneccesary misunderstanding. It isn't until you speak to someone more senior, who clearly has a better grasp of the English language, that real progress can be made in resolving the issue. Don't get me wrong. I will continue to go back and back to this hotel. Infact I love it. But it could be so much better. So...Dear City Inn (if you're reading this),Please give your staff some additional literacy training. The hotel is in London. Not on the continent. Keep on top of the hotel design. The minimalist look that you achieved so succesfully, will only last so long. You must keep freshening this up. Build a swimming pool and spa: this will make it one of the best hotels in London.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	2	5	

<Author>Unearthed
<Content>Best Hotel we ever stayed in We just spent Christmas at the City Inn, Westminster, London and cannot praise it highly enough. Staff are excellent, managing to be professional, helpful and friendly. Rooms are perfect. Everything you could need and beautiful toiletries supplied. Food is superb!!! Christmas lunch - for the first time in my life, I ate sprouts and loved them. Well done, chef! I have to get the recipe. Location is excellent. Close enough to everything we wanted and in a quiet area.We are already looking forward to our next visit.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>laura85uk
<Content>Lovely hotel       Hote lobby  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>4NPTC
<Content>A Very Good Choice Choosing a hotel for our family's first trip to London was one of the more difficult tasks we faced as we made preparations for our trip. We chose the City Inn in Westminster based on reviews that reported good service, clean rooms, a convenient and safe location, and useful amenities (including an IMac computer in each room). The hotel lived up to its good reviews and we were very pleased with our experience. The rooms were compact with limited storage, but we never felt cramped (we had two rooms for our family of four). The bathrooms were similarly tight but well executed---and we enjoyed the power shower. Having the computer in the room was great, and we used it each night to plan our itenerary for the next day. The locaton seems a little off the tourist map but sites such as Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament are within walking distance, and the Pimlico Underground station is just a few blocks away. The downside to the location is a lack of restaurants in the area. In all we were very happy with this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>samuelsparadise
<Content>All excellent apart from reservation stage... I contact the hotel directly to make a reservation because i originally thought that this would be easier, and i like to get a 'feel' for a hotel prior to my visit. This hotel was recommended by my friend who stayed there in October last year, obviously a lot had changed in this time.When i called to make a reservation i was 'on hold' to speak to an agent for over 10 minutes, i asked the lady on the switchboard whether it was possible to get a call back with the answer of 'it'll only be a few minutes more, i can see that they are not so busy' I was astounded by this comment; if the reservation agents were 'not so busy' why was it taking forever to be transferred through? When i brought up this point with the lady she informed me that 'they have other things to do as well as answer calls!' This comment annoyed me more than the first.I was determined to stay on the line, my friend had told me what a great stay she had had in this hotel so i just put it down to bad training in that one department.When i finally got transferred to reservations my call was taken by a girl (i am not sure the name) but she seemed to not recognise a single word of which i was saying.. being a 4* hotel in London i found this strange. I am English, Speaking English, to an English hotel, why can they not understand me??I had to be transferred to another agent to take my call in the end because i was getting fed up after the 4th or 5th time of repeating myself.I was looking for a room, single occupancy for the best available rate..i do not understand what is wrong with this request.When i finally got transferred to the Reservations Manager i managed to book my room at the best available rate (even though later i found better options online, through www.cityinn.com) This did not bother me at first because i got to speak to someone that could understand me, thank you Aisha.Upon check in i found it hard also, the majority of staff did not seem to know how to work their computer system. I wouldn't complain if it was a problem with the actual computer but i was told on many occasions that this was definately not the case- with a gentleman informing me that the girl was 'new' and only been working with them for a few 'months' MONTHS i thought to myself.. after MONTHS of working at an establishment and not knowing how to check in??After my 2 bad experiences of facing the hotel directly i was pleasantly suprised at the excellent service in the Millbank Lounge bar. I was served by a lovely gentleman who was very polite and sympathetic. Thank You AnvirI must say that my overnight stay was very comfortable, the room was lovely and to the standard that you would expect. Check out thankfully was much smoother than the Check in.Final thoughts? I think that the front of house staff need a bit more training on how to deal with a 'private' customer but your bar staff esp Anvr are lovely.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	4	5	1	4	5	

<Author>Ellen007
<Content>Perfect! I've stayed in different Hotels in London but this is The Best. I was a little bit afraid that the location was to far from everything but it was not. Easy walk to Buckingham Palace etc.and everybody knows that London is very big so take the tube or a taxi. Stayed in the Tames Master-Suite a great room ( BIG and a view over the Tames) for a reasonble rate, the other ones stayed in a Clubroom also a great room. All the Barman make very good Cocktails and we had dinner in restaurant twice, we all liked the food. I really liked the fact that younger Staff also can be good Staff. The Hotel is modern and still cozy and very spacious, next time we will book again in City Inn Westminster.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mapick
<Content>Comfy bed! We stayed here so that we could get to the sights along the River Thames easily and we could certainly do that! A really easy walk got us to the Houses of Parliament, lovely to wander along the Thames path. Also very easy to walk to the Tate Britain (nice restaurant!) and Pimlico tube station.The room was very clean and spacious for a London hotel, nice shower gel in the bathroom etc. Although we paid for a club room, there was so much to do within walking distance we didn't really make the most of it (didn't go to the bar etc). Very comfy bed and very powerful shower in the morning. Super.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>churachura
<Content>clean and comfortable My husband and I choose to stay at city inn after reading the reviews. The reviews were right. It was really good hotel. We know london very well, but we needed to stay in a hotel this time. As we consider London hotel very small, old and not good facility. This hotel was very different. The hotel is new and everything works well. There was mac pc in the room for using computer and watching tv. internet connection is free and works very well.The amenity is good, too. 'The white company' which is very popular mark in UK.I also liked breakfast. There are good selections.only negative point was- service can be bit slow( concierge and reception if you call)- The location which is quite far from all the stations( closest is pimlico, but 12mins by walk. You can also use westminster and victoria)Over all, we were really satisfied and if we have to stay in a hotel in London, we will come back there again.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Ali1964
<Content>Exceeded expectations I read the reviews before booking and thought the hotel could not live up to them! However, it exceeded them. Check-in and check-out were quick, friendly and efficient. The room and bathroom were spotless, the bed very comfortable. The imac was very useful. We had dinner in the hotel on the first night - wish we had done so on our second night! Breakfast was also a very high standard. This was a surprise birthday trip for my husband - we will certainly use this hotel again when visiting London. Thank you to all the staff for whom nothing seemed too much trouble.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Baxie
<Content>Another Reliable City Inn Well located and a short walk from the sites of westminster and Pimlico tube station the City Inn is a well appointed 4 star hotel.The rooms are the usual City Inn arrangement with multimedia iMac solution in every guestroom. Had breakfast in the hotel which was very nice and relaxed.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>crookes
<Content>Don't bother with the club Still a good hotel for Central London, but rooms starting to look a bit shabby.Don't bother with the Club rooms - really not worth the extra money for what you get (newspaper, drink in the bar, bottle of mineral water and that's about it for 拢30 per night). Only really worthwhile add-on is the 4pm check out IF you need it.Bar unbelievably expensive after your one complimentary drink.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	2	4	5	

<Author>jusaStockholm
<Content>Excellent hotel in London! The hotel is situated in a calm area with only 10 minutes walking distance to Big Ben. Also tubestation 5 minutes walk away. The service is fantastic, rooms are fully equipped from internet with iMac and even little details such as bathrobe etc. It is also tastefully decorated.We would absolutely stay there again and highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CreteBlue
<Content>Excellent!!! Don't give it a second thought. This hotel is great! The staff is really polite and willing to assist in everything. Their welcome was really warm. The rooms are spacious, spotless, with modern decoration and equipped with all the amenities. The matress, pillows and textilles are there for a great sleep. The bedroom is also great. The food is excellent! We couldn't ask for more from this hotel. We stayed for 2 nights and didn't want to leave. We are definitely coming back!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BedfordshireStupot
<Content>Another great weekend Another great weekend at the City Inn Westminster. This was our 2nd stay and things were just as great as our first back in May. This time we treated ourselves to a suite which was fantastic value for London. The service was once again stunning for a hotel of this class, far better than anywhere else I have experienced in London, and that includes several of the better known 5* hotels. There is a friendliness and eagerness to please at the City Inn which isn't always apparent elsewhere.Having said that, things weren't quite 100% if we are being very picky. Though we booked a suite, there wasn't the bowl of fruit in the room, we weren't bothered by this so didn't ask for it and I know that if we had it would have been provided straight away. And as others have found on the Autumn preview package, there was no explanation of where and how to get the 'champagne and canapes'. These were very minor issues and in no way spoilt a very very nice weekend (despite the less than pleasant weather)So a fantastic weekend and we will definately return but there is the tiniest room for improvement still (though it has to be said, standards are already higher than you would expect from a hotel of this class)  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SmackEater
<Content>Fantastic find I found this hotel through this website and stayed there for one night in a City Club room. The hotel is very stylish and modern, and has a bar (with good cocktails) and a restaurant, which we didn't try. Our room came with complimentary drinks, and was not ready when we arrived, so we were given an complimentary drink each to pass the time. The hotel is a couple of minutes walk from Pimlico tube station and the Tate, and St James Park and Westminster tube stations are within easy walking distance.The City Club rooms are large and well appointed, although they do not have baths, and the bathroom is pretty poky. A City Club room should also come with a fruit platter and bottle of mineral water, although ours didn't, but these were promptly delivered when we contacted reception.There is an Apple iMac computer in each room, which is very handy as you can browse the web as well as watching TV. You can also watch DVDs and listen to CDs. Apparently the hotel has a large library of these available.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>deryck
<Content>Superb Hotel This is a great hotel, on arrival the staff were efficient and friendly, nothing seemed to be a problem for them. Our room on the fifth floor was smart clean and fresh it looks as though we were it's first ever occupants! The IMac in the room is a great innovation, especially for tourists like ourselves as it enabled us to check out the various options for the days activities before leaving the room and we were also able to check our return rail journey before leaving. The hotel also offers a very good menu in the dining room where a three course meal can be had for 拢17.50 not bad for central london. The breakfast is also very good but be warned I would challenge anyone with a normal appetite to finish the Full English Breakfast!. The hotel also enjoys a favourable location although there are no tube stations nearby but if you like a walk as we do it is quite easy to walk from there to most of the Theatres on the strand and if you really feel like some exercise you can walk to Harrods (it took us 40mins) I would reccommend this hotel to anyone and it's not often I can say that.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stonecurlew
<Content>Wonderful This was our second stay in this hotel and it was just as good as last time.Beds just right, not too soft, staff very efficient, no noise at night so far. Ideal location.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>WWally
<Content>My preference for a London stay I have stayed at this hotel since it was opened, and I found it instantly a great place to stay. In the first months you could get an excellent room for less than 拢100 inc breakfast. Just a few years later it has become really popular and the full rate last week was over 拢230 ex breakfast!The decor is bright and modern, and the rooms are excellent to work in. Free internet (ask for a cable when you check in if you do not use wifi), and a Mac in the room!There's no tube station nearby.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>ScottishTourist
<Content>What a Great Hotel!! Just returned from a 3 night stay at the City Inn Westminster. Would happily recommend this hotel to anyone - it was fabulous!Booked the stay through the hotels own website and got a rate of 拢92 per night including breakfast (breakfast normally costs a staggering 拢17.50 per person per day!). So was delighted with this deal.Check in was friendly and efficient, although no mention was made of the champagne and canopes that were supposed to be part of the deal. However as we were going straight out after checking in didn't bother chasing this up.Our room on the 12th floor was stylish, modern and spotlessly clean. The bathroom was immaculate, maybe a bit on the compact side and a bath would have been the icing on the cake, although the shower was great, loads of clean white towels and toiletries were lovely. The I Mac entertainment system was a great touch. The bed was comfortable and the bedding consisted of a lovely duvet. There were tea and coffee making facilities, a full sized iron and ironing board and a proper sized hairdryer (hidden away in the wardrobe). The floor to ceiling window gave wonderful views over the city and I found the room very quiet.Overall the room was fab and couldn't complain about a single thing.Breakfast was fantastic. We were seated and served quickly and efficiently. The cooked breakfast was hot and delicious with eggs done to your taste. There was also a good selection on the continental buffet. The freshly squeezed organge juice deserves a mention all of its own! Again couldn't fault a thing here.The hotel location was also good being only an easy ten minute walk from Pimlico Tube and about the same to Westminster.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and were impressed by the hotel and the staff. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>annajames25
<Content>Lovely Hotel! My Husband and I stayed at this hotel on the weekend for my Birthday. We stayed for 2 nights and booked the autumn special which included breakfast and champagne and canapes.We loved this hotel, the staff were excellent and very friendly. The hotel is very clean and modern. We were sent a complimentary bottle of wine to our room as it was my Birthday which we thought was a lovely touch. The room was lovely, very clean, neat and tidy. We didnt have a very nice view but that didnt matter really. I was dissapointed there wasnt a bath but the powershower was great. Each room has an Apple Imac which you can use for watching tv, dvds, listening to music and surfing the internet. There is a list of complimentary dvds and cds at reception which you can have whenever you want 24hrs! My husband loves films so this went down well - considering the price you have to pay for films in previous hotels we have stayed at!The breakfast was fantastic, cooked individually for you and you can choose exactly what you want. Also fab continental breakfast. The breakfast room was really nice and all the staff were very friendly, approachable and helpful. It did get very busy on the Saturday morning but this didnt affect us much, we had to wait a couple of mins for a free table which didnt bother us at all.The walk to the tube was about 10 mins but it was a nice walk past the houses of parliment.We would definetly stay in this hotel again and would highly recomend it.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Candyjo
<Content>Good, shame about breakfast This hotel was fine - clean room, comfy bed, good shower. It wasn't as cheap as some reviewers make out, and we upped it to a package with breakfast and champagne on arrival. Two huge niggles: if you're offering an incentive (champagne) then offer it graciously - there was no way we were able to have this in our room, which is what I'd plotted and worked my arrangements around for this romantic weekend. We were sent instead to the bar, where almost every seat was taken - they have a capacity problem I think in their public areas, at busy times it just doesn't work - long queue at breakfast on the Saturday, and we rose early on the Sunday simply to avoid it. And the breakfast - we sent it back both days because it was stone cold. I wonder whether the charming eastern european staff extend into the kitchen and they just don't get the need for hot food to in the UK? And a bit of thought would eradicate cold scrambled egg with salmon - of course, if you lay a slice of chilled salmon on the brioche then cover it with scrambled egg, the egg will be cold within a minute or two - why not leave it on the plate? It really was a shame as otherwise the welcomes, smiles, quality of room etc were good - I would have given it 5 stars if I didn't feel so irritated.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>coloc
<Content>Nice hotel, very central while still being peaceful and quiet. This hotel is brilliant in terms of location.If from abroad and flying into Gatwick, you just get the train to Victoria Station and it's 5 mins in a taxi from there to hotel.Westminster Tube station is the nearest and best station to hotel for your travelling while staying there, has all the main tube lines there, as opposed to Pimlico.The hotel itself is very nice, nice bar, reception area, cafe etc.The room is also very nice, Bathroom VERY small I thought, but believe that's the norm in London.WE didn't eat there, would have like some plain type cooking on the menu but didn't really see it, and we wanted to eat out anyway.It's only 5 mins walk to some of the landmarks of london, (Big Ben, westminster abbey, houses of parliament, London Eye, all very very close.Trafalgar square and buckingham palace also close enough to walk.So for location I thought it couldn't be bettered.Price was reasonable looking at some other prices elsewhere.And is very modern hotel in comparison to others I looked at.I'd defo stay here again, if returning to London.If it had a bigger bathroom with bath rather than the small one (with a great power shower all the same) it would be completely perfect.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>naggingpartner
<Content>Fabulous Comfy Bed  There are many good things about this hotel, to keep it short I will mention just a few. 1. The most comfortable bed, I wanted to bring it home with me!2. A great freshly prepared cooked breakfast made individually to your liking, as well as a continental buffet - perfect way to start your sightseeing day!3. The most friendly staff, nothing was too much trouble (something I was not really expecting in busy London!).The only down side was the walk to the nearest tube station (Pimlico) took 10 mins but this may have been due to having my 80 year old mother in law with us!!Will definately be staying there again!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EMJ76
<Content>Great modern Hotel, love the imacs Went to London for a long weekend, City Inn is in equal distance from both Pimlico and Westminster tube (about 5-10 walk) and isnt to hard to find. if coming from Pimlico just follow the signs to tate britain.The hotel is very modern, had a warm welcome from reception, lots of smiles, the room as lovely, every room has an imac which can be used for free internet acces, play DVD's, music, or use as a TV, i think it had most of the freeview channels. The bed was very comfy, and big fluffy pillows. the bathroom is small but has powershower, and white label products. the hotel and rooms are all very modern and stylish, if you want old character charm, this isnt the place, but i prefer new.... and clean!very easy check out, and they let us leave our bags for a couple of hours, (for free) so we could go out and about on our last day.the surrounding area is quite, as you are in the city here, but you are only 5-10 mintues to the tube and would be in the center of town within 10 minutes from there.i would recommed this hotel and would definitely return.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Susan312
<Content>Affordable and delightful This place is an incredible bargain in an expensive part of the city. Rooms are small but well furnished (think Ikea-type modern). I think this hotel has done an excellent job of cutting out the extraneous hotel stuff (mini shampoos to keep, bathtubs) to keep the price reasonable while still offering important stuff (computer in the room, internet access, great showerhead).My one complaint, a pet peeve of mine: The towels were worn and not very soft.I would stay here again without hesitation.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BlueNose009
<Content>Great London Locoation Me and my partner stayed here for her birthday for a couple of nights. Hotel was great, clean, helpful staff, although the fire alarm did go off at 3am!! The breakfast which was included in our rate was fantastic. Lots to choose from and sets you up for a busy day in the city. I had read the location was good , but didnt realise it until we walked out of the hotel, across to the river and there was Big Ben. Perfect location, as it is quiet around the hotel, but a five minute walk and your in London town.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>AdrianIreland
<Content>Truly Excellent Hotel! I spent a very pleasant three nights at this hotel with my fianc茅 recently. The staff were beyond friendly and very helpful. From the moment we arrived (checked in at 11:30 AM with no difficulties), to having dinner in the excellent restaurant, to check out, the staff were top tier and amongst the very best I have encountered in any hotel at any price!The rooms were clean and bright, and adequately sized considering the central London location. The rooms themselves have excellent soundproofing, so light sleepers will have no difficulties with traffic noise or noisy guests!Many top attractions (Big Ben  Houses of Parliament, London Eye, Tate Britain art gallery) are only a short, pleasant stroll away. Westminster is also amongst the safest places to stay whilst in London.The inclusion of the Apple iMac in the bedroom was a definite bonus as it freed me from having to pack my laptop, always a plus when traveling light for a short weekend break. If traveling on a budget then do yourself a favour and order one of their excellent breakfast rolls with tea or coffee for around a fiver, and eat in your room!Considering the location, friendly helpful staff, clean bright rooms, this hotel is a bargain. Midweek rates start from as little as 拢50 GB 鈧?0 $75 rates correct as of 11/11/2008).The nearest Tube station at Pimlico is only 10 minutes walk (0.5 miles, 800m) and connects directly with Tottenham Hale station, where one can get the Train to Stanstead Airport. If traveling by Tube it makes sense to purchase a prepaid Oyster card. These are available from Underground stations (for a 拢3 refundable deposit) and can be topped up as and when needed. Typically 拢20 will cover an average long weekend鈥檚 travel requirements.All in all an excellent hotel that I can recommend unreservedly!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gildor
<Content>Great hotel - fantastic staff I always have a slight dread of visiting London as I come from a sleepy part of Scotland, but cannot praise this place highly enough.The hotel in terms of facility was first rate, but the thing that made it outstanding was the staff.From the front door, to the front desk, all the way through to the housekeeping staff, they all seemed to care that I had everything that I needed, and that I was enjoying my stay.As Arnie says, 'I'll be back'.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OpiaFinland
<Content>Amazing hotel and helpful staff I stayed in this hotel with my husband few weeks ago and could say it's really nice and modern hotel. First terrific impression makes the lobby with enormous vases of flowers and polished reception desk. Although there were some construction works going on outside our room window, kind lady from reception named Vilija instantly offered us another room, which had nice view and we were pleased to be given complimentary drink vouchers.Breakfast was included in the rate and it was more than delicious. The restaurant staff was quite busy, but we were served suitably and efficiently.As our flight back was just in the evening, we were adviced to leave our luggage in hotel without any extra charges and could easy do some more sightseeing instead off caring our heavy bags together.I am sure we will choose this hotel next time while visiting London.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>caseydee
<Content>Highly Recommended We booked this hotel after reading the Trip Advisor reviews and it does not disappoint. It is a 20 minute walk past the Houses of Parliament in to the West End so it is very convenient. Got a great rate on the hotel web site. Staff are friendly and helpful. Most excellently, however, is the apple mac in the room that allows you to surf for local attractions etc.Plus super comfy beds!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>Jezebelandspike
<Content>Clean, modern, and comfortable hotel My husband and I spent four nights at the City Inn. The rooms were very clean and modern and the bed was quite comfortable. I liked that the Mac in the room can also be used as a television. They provided robes, wine glasses, and everything needed for afternoon tea. In addition to the Mac in the room, they also have wireless internet included in the rate of your hotel stay. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. The proximity to two nearby tube stations was good--a five or ten minute walk, and Big Ben, the Westminster Abbey, and London Eye are also nearby.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ajimsojka
<Content>Great room This is a great hotel. The room is huge compared with others I have stayed in while in London. The bed was very comfortable. In room, there is an Imac that doubles as the TV -- I thought that was pretty innovative. The only problem was learning how to use it (I am a PC guy).The breakfast was good and the bar was, ahem, chic. The only drawback was the distance to the nearest tube station. It is smack dab in the middle of Pimlico and Westminster.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pargaluvva
<Content>Loved the City Inn Me and a friend stayed here for a couple of nights in September.Delightful reception staff who checked us in quickly. The room was a good size, bathroom small and just a shower no bath. Breakfast was fantastic. Good selection of fresh fruits, cereals, breads, croissants, too much to mention, followed by a freshly cooked breakfast which, in my opinion, beats the usual buffet breakfast served at some hotels. We found the staff in the dining room friendly and efficient. We would not hesitate to return to this hotel and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thesearcher
<Content>Would come back to the City Inn Got a very good deal including full breakfast. Staff were very helpful and despite a minor mix up with twin/double room booking, I was very pleased. (In fact Icouldn't actually see any difference between the rooms.)The hotel is a little off the beaten track, but still very close to Parliament Square and Westminster Tube station, and when you grasp the local geography, it is easy to find.The rooms are clean and well appointed and the building in general is very well maintained. As a purpose built hotel there is perhaps an air of functionality about the place but this is in no way a criticism.I would certainly have no qualms about returning.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>angelaki
<Content>Gone downhill in the last 2 years We first stayed at the City Inn two years ago and had such a great time that we didn't look at any other hotel the next time we came back to London.Although the front of house staff are amazingly helpful, standards at the hotel have started to slide. We checked in at 4pm and that took over ten minutes for them to find us a room, even though we booked over a month earlier. We were on the Autumn package that offered us free champagne on arrival. That was actually only valid between 6pm and 8pm that evening - no use when we had theatre tickets booked and needed to leave the hotel well in advance of that time.On Sunday morning we waited over 15 minutes for breakfast. The hotel was very busy and they had thoughtfully opened up the private dining room on the first floor and put a buffet breakfast on there to contain the overspill. Unfortunately the staff upstairs were not talking to the staff downstairs and it took them far too long to find a table for the two of us, even though downstairs had plenty of space. We both ordered the full English breakfast which arrived promptly. I had to send mine back because everything on the plate was cold. The replacement again arrived quickly and was on a warm plate, but now some of the things had been burnt in order to warm them up. The breakfast on Monday was much better, although it took 20 minutes to arrive, possibly because we avoided the bacon and egg option.There were other little things that you would not expect to find - no bath towels in the bathroom, Wi-fi in the room didn't always work and the computer was also temperamental. The staff sorted out the problems quickly and efficiently, but they shouldn't be happening in the first place.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	4	3	2	3	2	

<Author>lemmondd
<Content>Great Location near Tate Britain! City Inn was extremely convenient to the Tate Britain. We had only one full day in London and had to see the Francis Bacon show at the Tate! We were able to walk along the Thames and see some sights as well. The Hotel is contemporary in design and very practical, really well suited for business travel. The Mac entertainment system/computer in the room was a great added bonus which worked well incorporating television, music and the internet makes great sense, and no extra fees for using it. The bed was comfortable although a bit smaller than what we are used to (a double instead of a queen/king). The bathroom was small but quite efficient. Great recommendations for dining from Guest Services for breakfast and dinners. Really a good stay! Only downside (really not much of one...) the elevator telling you everything it is doing...closing doors, closing doors, closing doors.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Chasbee
<Content>Great Location We booked a theatre and hotel package and selected the City Inn after reading the reviews on TripAdvisor. Check in excellent - we arrived well in advance of the stated check in time, received a friendly greeting and were allocated a room and permitted an early check-in which was really appreciated.Rooms are well furnished, meticulously clean with good quality toiletries. The provision of the IMAC was very useful. The hotel is ideally situated within a short walk to Parliament and is in a quiet location, we heard no noise during the night.The only issue that prevented a score of five was the disappointing service at breakfast, whilst the choice is good, my order for a cooked English breakfast was let down by the electronic ordering system provided to the wating staff after reminding the waitress some 15 minutes after taking my order, she resorted to pen and paper and it appeared within 2-3 minutes. (I would not have paid 拢17.50 per person for breakfast had it not been included)Check out - extremely efficient and luggage storage offered, staff service excellent.PS - The Jersey Boys show at the Prince Edward is fabulous.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	3	5	

<Author>31Dave
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Great service and Ambience! Great hotel, great service and the room was excellent. This made our anniversary weekend ever so more memorable. The staff were second to none. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. I will definately be staying here again. The room facilities were top notch and the food in the Bar and Restaurant was exceptional. Highly recommended to anyone wanting a perfect stay and so close to the centre too!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>weemacs
<Content>Great dining as well Stayed here for a weekend in October. comfortable no messing room. Struggled with the Apple technology. probably easier for the younger generation.Had breakfast lunch and dinner during the stay. all well very good indeed but the availalbility of the wines on the list was poor.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>oliva
<Content>Very good hotel Just back from a weekend at the City Inn Hotel.The hotel is very well located, closer to subway stations than expected. The area is really nice and quiet.The rooms were big enough , new and clean, but the bathroom is too small for a 4 star hotel. 2 people can not stay there at the same time.Breakfast was included in a wonderful price (we got a spetial autumn preview rate) and it was one of the best I麓ve ever seen.Definitely I麓ll go back there in my next trip to London.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>anitajd
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! Myself and 9 friends spent a Girly-weekend at the City Inn Westminster in May 2008. It was a very nice contemporary hotel, seemed posh for the great rate we got! Some of my friends had some trouble w/ the techi stuff in their room, but the staff solved the problems promptly. The breakfast buffet was outstanding! Quiet location. I will definitely recommend and return here!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>MandS161
<Content>Great hotel       night view  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>traveller020
<Content>This is a great hotel The City Inn is a really nice modern hotel. We booked a suite which was not that expensive and it was lovely. Nice robes, great TV and internet access. Nothing was too much for the hotel. Stayed in so many hotels in London and for price and location, this has to be the best one. The tube is a little far but not that far. We took taxis at night time and didn't pay more than 拢8 -so better way to travel to your destination.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pepysp
<Content>A fantastic stay. City inn just get it right. The service is perfect, the staff dedicated, passionate and helpful. The airy light common areas and rooms are an antidote to dark dank hotels with mediocre service. The rooms are well designed and most of all, offer an excellent nights sleep. The sound proofing and the beds/linen are not bettered in any hotel that I have stayed at. Having free internet access/TV etc in the room on the iMac is fantastic. The restaurant is excellent too. The menu is wide ranging and the quality of locallly produced food is excellent. Great value for central London. The overall attention to detail is first class. The hotel manager was particularly helpful and professional. I would recommend this for anyone. Just a great experience for anyone who cares about a great stay, great service and great food in a modern and contemporary hotel.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EnglandCls
<Content>A good stay, could have been better though I just got back from two nights at the City Inn, and had a good time, but the hotel was lacking something...Check-in was a bit of a disaster - they had no idea about the rate I had booked online (Autumn preview - breakfast, champagne on arrival, late check-out etc), even though I booked directly through the hotels website! After some careful explaining on my part, I received what I was expecting, and some extra drinks vouchers (much appreciated in the Millbank Lounge)!There was also some confusion about payment - I had checked before booking that if I paid in advance for the rate on another persons debit card, there would be no problem (the trip was a birthday present). However, it turns out that the rate was not pre-paid and so I had to pay - not a problem as it turns out, but could have been a problem for others. Was just irratating as I had specifically checked this, but oh well.The room we had was amazing, really spacious and great views from the 11th floor, no complaints at all here. Very modern and clean room, much better than others I have stayed at in London.Location - the area itself was great, very safe and a few minutes walk to the Thames. Westminster tube was about 10 mins walk away, lovely route. I enjoy exploring and walking, but the location may not be ideal for those who want a tube a bit closer for added convenience.The staff at breakfast were very friendly, but all seemed very disorganised (down to management, very chaotic). This disorganisation seemed apparent throughout our stay, every member of staff was very friendly, but not always very knowledgeable or well trained, so this area could be improved.Overall, I did really enjoy the City Inn (even though I have seemed a little negative!)! The hotel itself is lovely, and the location is good and quiet. If the staff were better managed/trained, I think this hotel could be even better. But for the price, this is a great place to stay in London.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	2	5	

<Author>hex2bin
<Content>Great hotel Stayed here for a weekend, end of september 2008. This is really a great hotel, excellent staff, nice room, good bed. The room has all the usual things like minibar, waterboiler (hidden in a drawer, I first didn't think they had any), iron. Instead of the TV they have an Imac computer. Free and easy internet access, DVD's can be borrowed for free, small selection, but still. I brought some movies on a thumbdrive, I plugged it in and it worked without problems. This is really a great service!The breakfast is really good! I had english breakfast prepaid, but there is the usual selection of yogurt, cereals and bread too. Fresh fruit and orangejuice, nice.They have a cafe and restaurant too, but I didn't try them.Only negative I can say about this hotel is the prices for the room service, it's expensive.This is truly a great hotel and I will surely come back.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NicDhomhnaill
<Content>What a FANTASTIC Hotel - Everything Perfect! This Hotel is a Must to visit. Its just great. Everything about it oozes customer service and top class quality accommodation / food for reasonable prices. They have a kitchen Menu with little selection but the dishes on there are just exquisite. No wonder this Hotel continues to win award after award - Well deserved in my opinion. I'll definately go back to this Hotel again - as soon as I can!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SDBarber
<Content>Excellent hotel I just got back from a 4 night stay in London for business. This hotel was recommended to me by the client. I really enjoyed my stay at the City Inn. The staff was always helpful and accomodating. Free wireless was a nice plus. The restaurant and lounge were very nice as well. I'd also say that the location was extremely convenient. Right down the road from Westminster Abbey and Parliment ... very easy walk to Trafalgar Square as well. I would highly recommend the City Inn !  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>MrDodge
<Content>Great 7 Night Stay at The City Inn My wife and I enjoyed our stay at The City Inn. We were sightseeing and we found the location perfect as it was a short walk to all the terrific Government sites like Parliament and very close to the sites on the South Bank via the Tate Boat.My wife was also teaching an online class during this time and the rooms Imac had the browser she needed and she had free use of the computer at all times. This saved her the trouble of having to bring her own lap top and the expense of paying for internet access.We found a terrific Italian Deli close by as well as a reasonably priced store to purchase soft drinks etc.We had an English Breakfast as part of our package and the meal was always excellent with plenty of fresh choices. We also found a wonderful venue for Concerts a few minutes away at Smith Square. This is an beautiful English baroque Church designed by Thomas Archer.The room was small but clean and the bed and pillows were very comfortable. I liked the fact that you could open the window for some fresh air. We will return.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MoseleySweetpea
<Content>Good night had Good hotel in a great location for Westminster, Tate Britain and the SouthBank. Easy access from Pimlico tube. Rooms great and service from staff excellent. Well worth a late drink in the bar (if a little expensive!)  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pennsyl-to-paper
<Content>Truly outstanding hotel Stayed at the City Inn on the back end of a work trip to Amsterdam and London. It was the perfect refuge after a week of meetings. The hotel has great modern design but the rooms have a very homey feeling. My bed was really comfortable, the bathroom was sparkling, and the service was first-rate throughout. One thing I really appreciated, after being nickeled and dimed by the other two places I'd stayed during the trip, was the free wi-fi. You can connect to their network for free from your laptop, and each room has an i-Book that functions both as the television and a computer w/internet. The hotel is located in a quiet corner of Westminster, a couple blocks away from the Tate Britain and w/in walking distance of Parliament and the surrounding sights. I can't say enough about how happy I was with my experience. Oh, and they run great special deals from their website...I got a very reasonable rate for my stay. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JHaug
<Content>Great hotel but expensive eats This is a fantastic hotel with a great location. I would definitely come back again. Note that the hotel restaurant is pretty pricey. Plan your meals in town or try to get a package deal that includes breakfast.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Switherj
<Content>Nice and a bit swanky I stayed at the City Inn for three days on a business trip. However, the location made it hard not to mix in some pleasure into my travels. Apart from the staff having no clue what鈥檚 around the hotel from a non-major attraction perspective (Places to eat etcetera) the hotel was very nice. Twenty Four hour rooms service and right in the heart of Westminster, minutes away from the Thames and just a short walk to the eye. Nice location, nice digs, and friendly staff.If you鈥檙e not London, you should note that nearly all pubs and restaurants close up between 11  Midnight. So eat early if you can.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	4	5	

<Author>paul1967Uk
<Content>Nice hotel We stayed at the hotel on 21st September after reading many reviews as I always do before we stay anywhere.The hotel is in good location, about a 10 minute walk from Westminster, and is in a nice quiet area.The staff were very nice, as was our room, a decent size for central London, and very clean.The one thing that spoilt my stay is that they want a 拢50 pre autorisation on check in to cover any mini bar, bar, other bills etc etc. I didn't have a problem doing this as I though that they would clear the pre authorisation as I checked out, especially since I paid the small 拢5 mini bar bill by cash. Three days after checking out and the 拢50 still has not been cleared back to my account, even though after an email to the hotel confirmed it should have been.I think they should make it perfectly clear when you book that they will require this deposit.Otherwise an enjoyable stay, would stay again but would make sure that if it takes them 20seconds to take 拢50 deposit of you, it should take 20seconds to give it back, not what is approaching 4 days.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Jazna
<Content>Great place to stay This hotel was a great hotel. The lobby and room was very modern and clean. You had internet access 247 which was nice and the staff was very helpful. They allowed us late check out the next day and room service was great. It was a little far from the St. Pancras Station but you can walk to Buckingham Palace. Make sure you take the double decker tour bus, its worth it!!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ECKYHongKong
<Content>Excellent Clean, modern, good service and great location (a few minutes walk to the Parliament House and Westminster Abbey, right next to Tate Britain and close to the Pimlico tube station). Breakfast was good but if you find it too expensive, you can go to the bakery a few steps away. Ask the reception desk for directions.It was quiet at night though. Ask reception which bus to catch from the Victoria tube station or Westminster tube station if the Pimlico line is down again. It was when I was there.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>abritton1uk
<Content>Great Hotel       Houses of Parliament  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SmithyTyrone
<Content>lovely hotel Stayed in the city inn westminster for 2 nights, really great hotel, the staff were very polite and helpful, the rooms were nice and clean. There is an apple i-mac in the rooms with free internet access which you can also use as a television. It is in a nice quiet location not far from london eye and houses of parliament. 5 minutes on the tube from Piccadilly. I will definetely stay in this hotel when going to london again.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Enigmatic_Traveller
<Content>Excellent London hotel We stayed at the City Inn Westminster for two days at the beginning of a two week UK vist and again for five days at the end. It is a lovely spot from which to sightsee in London. The hotel is new, comfortable and efficient. Staff are friendly and helpful and accommodation is what North Americans expect (which is a bit different than many UK hotels offer). The hotel is close, although a bit of a walk, to three tube stations. The walk home from the Westminster station each evening gives you a close-up night-time view of the Clock Tour, where Big Ben resides, the Winston Churchill statue in Parliament Square and Westminster Abbey. This is a lovely way to end a day of London sightseeing. The hotel is in a residential neighbourhood so it is fairly quiet and you have to walk a bit to find bustling restaurants and pubs or do as we did and dine in busy, noisy Soho then return to your quiet hotel (20 to 30 minutes by tube or GBP 8 by taxi) for a quiet night's sleep! Ravello Espresso, nearby on Horseferry Street, is great for morning coffee but seems to only be open weekdays. Also, if travelling by tube, check out the oyster card -- it is worth the effort. The City Inn is highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HKPlum_Bum
<Content>Almost Perfect For anyone visiting London and wishing to stay central and worried about being reipped off by overpriced hotels for poor quality and service then this is the answer. Having booked on their own website (which gives rates as competitive as anywhere else) we arrived for the pre-arranged early arrival as requested (our flight landed at 0630 AM) and everything was ready exactly as we had requested. Throughout the whole stay whenever we asked for anything or were promised something it arrived or happened exactly as we wished. All of the staff were excellent throughout.The room itself although fairly small by some international standards but was clean, tidy, and well equipped. The imac system, plus the wifi for laptops, meant that both my wife and I could use computers or watch TV simultaneously / independantly as we wished. This is the best feature of it's kind I have seen in any hotel especially as it is all included in the room rate.The matress on the bed was also one of the best we have experienced. We loved it so much we are thinking of buying one of the same brand for home.Breakfast buffet was to the standard expected for this hotel, again with superb service and the bar/lounge on the first floor was a good way to finish off any evening. Apart from everything else this hotel also had the advantage of on-site parking (which is a rarity in Central London hotels). Not only that they were very relaxed about us leaving the car in their coach park, whichever was most convenient, or even arriving back in the early hours of the morning. As with everything else, nothing was too much trouble.Apart from that, when we came to pay, there was no extras sneaked in as so many hotels like to try on (early arrival / late departure, spurious bar bills etc.) and like everyting else in the City Inn, was a simple process with no debate.All in all a superbly run hotel right in the centre of London by Lambeth Bridge for both business and leisure travellers alike.... And the reason for Nearly Perfect title? Well, if only it could get an underground station a little closer to the front door!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Paulinmorpeth
<Content>Excelllent Hotel My wife and I have just returned from a three night stay at the Westminster City Inn. We both found this to be an excellent hotel.The staff were extremely helpful and pleasant and all the amenities at the hotel were very good.Breakfast was excellent with a choice of continental or full English .I have read some reviews which suggested that the hotel was a little out of the way. However I cannot agree. It was a five minute walk from Pimlico tube station and about 10- 15 minutes to Westminster tube station.There is a local pub nearby, The Morpeth Arms where staff were very friendly and the beer was good too. If you are looking for a modern, stylish hotel I strongly recommend you stay here.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>EdieMay
<Content>Always Fabulous I take my son to London 2 or 3 times a year and always stay at City Inn, most recently in August 2008. The hotel is bright, contemporary, welcoming and incredibly clean. Breakfasts are fabulous and the staff are absolutely lovely. In my opinion this hotel offers fantastic value for money.The location is quiet and peaceful and the windows can be opened! It is a pleasant 10 minute walk to Westminster Square and there are frequent buses along the river to Trafalgar Square and onwards. Tate Britain is 2 blocks away and you can catch the wonderful Tate to Tate boat which stops at the London Eye for the South Bank before going on to Bankside for Tate Modern, Southwark etc.Each room has an iMac for TV, DVDs, CDs and free wireless internet access is provided. Beds  showers are excellent.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>castleton
<Content>Always a pleasure Having stayed here several times, plus the City Inns in Manchester and Bristol, we are fans! Latest stay did not disappoint. Generally they do the basics very well for a very reasonable price. Smart, modern, decor with very comfortable beds, flash iMac TV/media centre and some nice touches like the bathrobes, decent toiletries and not-unreasonably-priced snacks and sundries in the rooms. Unusually for hotels of this type, you can open the windows in the rooms to let some fresh air in, which is a bonus for us.Food is a highlight, as is the bar which is very smart and trendy. Staff are generally very professional - unstuffy without being casual, and mostly very pleasant and helpful. Location off Horseferry Road is fine for Victoria and Westminster and all of the various transport links from there.All in all, a very relaxing place to stay and, for a modern hotel, has more character than many simply through doing the basics very well. Thoroughly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Torontofolks
<Content>Very good experience We spent a week at the City Inn for our honeymoon. Overall, it was a very positive experience. The staff is very helpful. Of course, hotel rooms in central London tend to be rather small by North American standards, but the size wasn't bad. The room was very pleasant and impeccably maintained. The whole hotel has a pleasing, modern look.We would agree with other comments that the iMac in each room is a mixed blessing. It's nice to be able to borrow free dvds, but the computer also doubles as your television, and it's really not quite as convenient as a television if that's all you want to watch. The free wireless internet is a nice touch.The dining room is attractive and the food was delicious. We would imagine that most of those eating breakfast, however, either had it included in a package (as we did) or had an employer picking up the tab. Thirteen pounds for a continental breakfast or 17.50 for a cooked breakfast does seem a bit steep. But we certainly weren't disappointed.The hotel is also very quiet, and located on a nice quiet street. You can, however, walk to the nearest tube station inside of fifteen minutes.If we have the chance to visit London again, we will definitely stay here.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RichardSWirral
<Content>What a find I stayed in this hotel recently and I thought it was very good. It is in a quiet area about 5 minutes walk from Pimlico tube station.The lobby area is very impressive and stylish and the rooms are small but very well laid out.The imac in the room is an excellent touch and can be used for internet/tv/radio/DVD/CDThe two italian lads in the bar are both very friendly and you can have a bit of footy banter with them (one is a Napoli fan the other AC Milan)Overall this is a gereat alternative to the overpriced understyled hotels of the west end and although it is a tube ride to the majority of attractions, it is more than worth it.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>hollihedge
<Content>Loved the City Inn, Westminster Had excellent 1 night stay at City Inn, Westminster last weekend.Hotel very modern, with modern rooms, including wonderful iMac system which controls CV, hotel info, interesting London websites and free internet broadband (!). CDs and DVDs are available from reception. Bed very comfy. We had a club room (slightly more expensive than standard room) which meant we could have early check in and late check out, and a free drink in the bar. We also had 2 complimentary newspapers of our choice. Free mineral water and fruit bowl and mini bar with basket of items such as London guide book, snacks etc. Bathroom goodies from The White Company. Bathroom bit short of storage space, but didn't bother us as we were only there for one night. We were on the 12th floor with excellent views from the floor to ceiling window, sideways on to the Thames. Window also opened slightly, but safely, which was a plus. Room and all hotel areas spotlessly clean.Hotel bar very nice. Ultra modern and very scarlet in colour with red ceilings and lighting, but welcoming to all ages (we were there with elderly parents). Restaurant also very nice for breakfast and dinner (we had both as we were on a package deal). Tasty, modern food for dinner. On site parking was good at only 拢20.00 for over 24 hours, although it is literally a 5-7 minute walk to tube and about 5-8 minutes to Houses of Parliament etc.Staff very friendly and only too delighted to assist.All in all, an excellent hotel in London at a very good price. We have stopped at the Apex Hotel London previously, and we will find it difficulty to choose which of the 2 to stay at in future as both on a par.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Bunwin
<Content>Lovely Hotel - great bar! My partner and I stayed in the hotel for 1 night with our 3 year old daughter and were impressed with the staff, decor and amenities offered within the hotel. The bar is impressive offering a wide range of cocktails and a good menu should you wish to dine in a more relaxed setting than the restaurant and unlike a number of other hotels were happy for children to sit in the bar. Bedrooms are spacious and the mac system (TV, wifi, dvd, cd etc) is especially good. The quality of food was of a high standard and the continental breakfast is good value at 拢10. The few negatives include a poor view (perhaps a good idea to request a 'room with a view') and the feeling of being a little removed from the west end though Hses of Parl, Eye etc are well within walking distance.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Mehdi_Meghdadi
<Content>An IKEA hotel It's a clean hotel in a good location if you're traveling for work and fly in/out of Gatwick as it's walking distance (10 min) to Victoria, where you can get Gatwick express (cab ride about GBP 5).Don't go with family or kids or don't expect they enjoy the hotel. The hotel has got enough business facilities, however nothing for the family.It's classified as 4* but I would say it's a modern 3*. I know many people liked the iMac in the room, however don't forget that smartly replaces a the TV set and normally in a 4* hotel you wouldn't get away with a 20 television (which I had in my room when I was a student in 80's).Last but not least, if you're trying to impress a client to sign a deal meet them in the lounge or bar if you have to but don't tell them you're staying in the hotel, they know it's a cheap option (my opinion)!Well, in general, it's not a terrible hotel but not sure if I would say wow, I am going back!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>geordietom
<Content>Excellent stay Stayed here for a long weekend, originally booked for two but we were so happy staying here we stayed for three, As previously mentioned extremely handy location, 5 minutes walk from Pimlico Tube, 15 minutes ish from Westminster, we took a cab from King's Cross and this cost around 拢14 including tip so not bad at all, Couldn't fault the hotel at all, from the very friendly and helpful check in staff to the cleanliness and comfort of our room, In room entertainment system was brilliant and the free access to the internet handy to plan the day's activities, Although the bedrooms are not the biggest they are spacious enough, especially for London, and for 拢90 per room per night we were very impressed, Next time in London we will be staying here again.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jooleye
<Content>good value large airy younbg hotel offers great value although my initial impression at reception not particulary friendly. A nice room but why oh why do they persist in using mac media systems instead of a good ole telly took me ages to figure it all out!loved the selection of 'city temptations' beside the mini bardoor man and concierge staff very helpful and friendly  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>bristolreviewer
<Content>Great London hotel We enjoyed an excellent weekend in this hotel. Rooms are comfortable and well-equipped, with Apple Mac TVs and modern furnishings.Breakfasts were good, with hot food brought to the table. Staff were generally helpful and friendly. There is a great late bar and food is very good in the popular restaurant. The hotel is a little out from the West End, but handy for Tate Britain and a fifteen minute river walk to the South Bank.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>dbsaab97
<Content>The heart of London       One Apple computer  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>5492Cardinal
<Content>Quite a find We've stayed at this hotel twice now and it really is a good find. Everything works well, the free Imac in the rooms is so useful and the stafff are friendly and obliging.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ellesse911
<Content>Very pricey The room was no more special than a travel inn, in fact far smaller. I was booked here to stay via my compnay and could not believe the bill was over 拢500.00 for 2 nights with no extras! I know this is London, but that is extortian! Also charge you 拢30.00 per day to park in their very small car park. I am not a moaner but I was stunned at the price, even though I didn't have to pay personally!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Timalimadingdong
<Content>Worth it Stayed here with my girlfriend as a late valentines weekend. I wanted something really contemporary with good views and a short distance to the attractions ( including the London Eye which I'd booked). The Hotel was unbelievably quiet given it's proximity to parliament, as it is mostly surrounded by offices which were empty when we stayed. I can't overstate how quiet it was in the surrounding area.I booked an executive suite which was well furnished and modern; a little on the small side, but excellent. The bathroom was a decent size with a huge shower and White Company toiletries which my girlfriend loved. I'd requested a high room with a really good view, and was not disappointed! You can't avoid the office blocks, but we could see the Thames from the room.The hotel bar was good and buzzing on the Saturday night. As we'd booked a suite, we had a couple of free cocktails which were fantastic - try the 'honey mash' if you like whisky! The restaurant here is fantastic, very modern and comfortable. The breakfasts were to die for, and I didn't find that we were waiting for long to be seated, which I know others have complained about.Lastly, the service was great. I stupidly left some things behind when we checked out but they were all returned a couple of days later. Whenever we asked for anything it was delivered asap and the staff were consistently polite and helpful.I did have reservations about the price of a suite here, but after the trip, I was happy that it was worth every penny for a special valentines weekend in the capital.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Traveller81SouthEast
<Content>City Inn, Westminster Had never been to the City Inn before but really enjoyed my stay. The room was brilliant, it offered free sky tv, wi fi and lots more. This hotel has a great bar where I made the most of some of the vouchers they gave me with my booking- definitely recommend using because it can get a bit expensive. The staff were really friendly and helpful. I'd definitely recommend this hotel and will be using it again.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RobfromTheUK
<Content>Fantastic, contemporary hotel! I stayed in this hotel for one night and would def go back again! Located in a quiet road, north of the river, just across the water from MI6's headquarters (so you know its a safe area!!)From the modern and stylish reception, to the comfortable and well equipped rooms, this is a fantastic hotel!Breakfast was amazing! I've never had scrambled eggs and bubble n' squeak like it! The staff were professional and kind, and couldn't do enough for you. Would definately go back again!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>PurplePen
<Content>Great value, good location, modern rooms We have just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel and would rate it favourably. We got a really good quote on this hotel so it is worth checking out partner websites. The hotel is modern and about an 8 min walk from the Pimlico tube line, about a 15 min walk from Westminster tube line. The lobby is spacious and the rooms and decor of the hotel are very modern. We were on the 12th floor so had a view of the skyline, but not the river. Beware of this if you are checked into a room on the lower floors of the hotel as you may have very little view. Having said that most people will use the hotel as a base to explore the city so it did not detract away from the hotel in any way.The breakfast in the morning was great. Very good selection of continental breakfast or full breakfast. The hotel bar and snack selection is also good.There is a mini gym on the 4th floor with various cardio machines. This was empty so it felt like you had a private gym to yourself.On the downside, when we stayed there there is some construction work going on but we were not affected by this as we were out in the day. Also we were offered a paper to be delivered to our room and was under the impression this was complimentary ( as there are lots of papers all over the hotel itself) however we were charged for this on checkout. The check in is approx 3pm which is late but on the positive side the staff are very willing to hold and deliver your luggage to you once your room is ready. Also at the moment (completely out of the hotels control I know!) the Victoria tune line closes early midweek so if you are out late in London you have to make alternative travel arrangements home. The 88 bus drops you directly outside the hotel or you can walk from Westminster tube station.Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel. It's staff were friendly, the rooms clean (but no bath!) and there is an Apple Mac PC in the room - with free Broadband. Good value and a convienient location near the London Eye and directly next to the Tate Gallery. Well worth a visit!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Calypso33
<Content>Great Modern Hotel I stayed at City Inn Westminster Hotel during the football match England 鈥?Croatia, last November. Location of the hotel is great for the visiting Tate Britain, Westminster Abbey and Houses of Parliament, London Eyey and Aquarium, Buckingham Palace. All walking distance. Closest underground stations are 10 min. walk and the nearest bus stop is at least 5 min. walk, which is not the greatest for the visiting the other parts of London. The place is a quite deserted during the evening and night hours. There are no restaurants and pubs close to the hotel.The hotel is great, modern building. Reception desk staff is excelent and really helpfull. My room was large and beautifully furnished with everithing you need. The bathroom is small but clean and nice. You feel very comfortable in the room. The breakfast is very good. The hotel is modern adn somewhat sterile, but this is just what I like.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>greenbid
<Content>terrific hotel wonderful hotel, contemporary and well-run. Liked everything about it, the staff, the bedroom, the breakfasts,the location  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>L0u85
<Content>Fab!! I stayed in this hotel with some friends of mine for our birthdays as we were going to the theatre. The hotel was part of a package deal and we got great value for money.The nearest station is Pimlico and its about a 5-10 minute walk to the hotel which isnt too bad.The hotel has currently got scaffolding up at the front which is a bit of a shame, but this did not affect our stay at all.The hotel is lovely and modern and the staff are very helpful and friendly. The rooms are lovely and clean and you have an Apple I-mac PC with CD/DVD player built in. The hotel provides complimentary CD's and DVD's which you can rent 1 at a time. (If you go at the weekends, there is not much choice as they only have 1 or 2 of each DVD/CD.)Overall, this is one of the nicest hotels I have stayed in and would definatly recommend to other.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Efeb
<Content>Nice modern hotel. I stayed there with my wife for 3 nights on 24-27July. The hotel is modern, very clean and has internet connection in rooms with no extra charge as well as iMac TV/monitor and computer keaybord + mouse so you can use it as a TV, quick London information source and a computer. The rooms are air-conditioned. We got a room on early arrival (11.00 am) and there was no problem to deposit the luggage for late departure. The size of the room and bathroom was just OK. There is no special place to put the suitcases on but you can live with it for a few days stay. The hotel is quite large with lots of guests but there is enough polite people at the reception to handle it. Plug adaptors are available at the reception, so you do not have to worry about plug-in of your devices. The buffet breakfest is not bad. People who like continental breakfasts will be fully satisfied. You can have full English breakfast, if you like. The quiet location is a plus but it takes 7 minutes walk to the nearest pub, 10 minutes walk to the nearest tube station Pimlico of Victoria Line. However there is a bus stop nearby where every 10-12 minutes there is a double-decker bus 88 (daily travel cards for all transport accepted) by which you can get to Oxford Circus through Trafalgar Square and Picadilly Circus. In view of low standard of the majority of hotels in London (even those 5*), this hotel is a very good choice.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CTTravelFamily
<Content>GREAT Hotel!! WONDERFUL Location. HIGHLY, HIGHLY recommend this hotel. CityInn is fantastic! Tucked away on a quiet side street in the heart of the popular Westminster area with easy access to Parliament, other sites. Close to both Pimlico and Westminster Tube locations. Rooms were good size, clean, modern furnishings which is sometimes hard to find in Europe. Small IKEA-like clothing closet and drawers. Wish they provided a suitcase stand. Ammenities include daily newspaper delivery, hot pot for tea, coffee (complimentary). Nice built in ironing board and iron. Coolest thing is MAC which guests can use as a t.v. or computer; free wi-fi provided which is much appreciated. Had dinner and breakfast in the restaurant which offered good food. Free DVD's available for MAC. All in all, fantastic hotel. What a find! With this hotel, I've found my place to stay when in London!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Objective37
<Content>Great Location  Have stayed a few times  found the Hotel to be good in general. The location is great 3 mins walk from the Old Tate (Tate Britain)  5 mins walk from Pimlico Underground. The Hotel sits on the edge of the Thames (nearly)  if you are lucky with your room, you will have a view of the river  if on a high floor, the skyline.The Hotel is very modern with very good business services  a very good Buffet Breakfast which is ingeniously tucked into the walls of the Restaurant. There is an outside terrace where you can dine if the weather permits.Overall very good value  great location.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gottogonow
<Content>Lovely, quiet neighborhood We stayed in the hotel July 17-20th. The staff was wonderful. They handled the check-ins with the tours companies we booked with and arranged our transportation to Heathrow for us at rate much better than a taxi.The hotel is in a great area, walking distance to the London Eye,Tate museum etc. The main tube stations are a bit of a walk,but not out of range. Breakfast was wonderful with many choices. Ours was included in our room rate but I don't know if I would pay what they require for breakfast. There is a Pizza Express and deli right out the back door and they were very good. We didn't eat in the hotel dining are except for breakfast as we wanted to try authentic pub food elsewhere in the city. My only complaint was that though the room was very nice and the bed very comfortable, the bathroom was pretty small, with very little room for toiletries. It was fine if you were going to be there one night but for 3 days it was a bit of a pain. I had no problems with the computer system in the room but I can see if you were not computer literate it may be overwhelming.If you are looking to just watch a little tv it is a little time consuming figuring it out. Very professional staff and we would stay again. A very well-run hotel.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>greychrist
<Content>My new favorite This place rocks. Great service, great location, great views, good food. Each room has an iMac - that floored me. After 2 weeks of running from one internet cafe to another, it was a godsend to have a computer in my room, let alone a brand new iMac. I just hope the hotel is able to maintain them. I will stay here each and every time I am in London now.Walking distance to Clock Tower/Parliament, Abbey, Tate Britain. Close to Trafalgar, Covent Garden, Southbank, etc, etc..  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maddyHampshire
<Content>normally a good hotel, but we have stayed at this hotel several times, and normally we love it. however we stayed this weekend as we were going to a show in london, and whilst the room was lovely, as it usually is , the normally wonderful breakfast was not lovely at all. my eggs were undercooked, my partners eggs failed to arrive at all, but the worst thing was that all the bakery goods were stale. the bread rolls were so old and hard that it was impossible to cut them open, and all the other bakery goods were less than fresh. we have never encountered stale bread served at breakfast in any of the many hotels we have stayed at previously. i complained and the manager refunded the cost of the breakfast - after he had investigated. therefore we are left to assume that he found the breads to be stale as i had pointed out to him. this state of affairs is simply not acceptable for a hotel of this class. we will stay again because we like the hotel, and it is very conveniately placed, but we'll give the 拢17.50 breakfast a miss.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>suffolkpunch56
<Content>I will definitely stay in this hotel aqain We stayed overnight in this hotel when we made an opera trip to Covent Garden. Whilst not in the West End the location is very convenient and amazingly quiet for central London.The rooms are light, airy and with state of the art equipment. We stayed in a standard room and it was a fair size for London. A nice touch was a free carton of fresh milk in the fridge.The breakfast was excellent, with a large choice and hot food cooked to order. The menu included grilled fish and kedgeree. We did not have dinner at the hotel as this was already booked at the theatre but the ambience in the restaurant was pleasant.All the staff we encountered were very helpful, professional and polite.I will definitely stay in this hotel aqain.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GertieSquirt
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic! We stayed at the hotel Friday to Sunday in Room 1235 (suite on the 12th floor) as a bit of treat to our usual Travelodge or Travel Inn and were not disappointed!Check in at 11am was fast effecient and very friendly - our room wasn't quite ready so we were offered complimentary drinks in the Millbank Lounge (seeing as the delay was only 15 minutes the sitdown and complimentary drink well made up for this).Our room was fantastic with views over the river and down to Vauxhall Bridge. Two iMac's (one in the lounge and one in the bedroom) meant is was really easy to check out things to do in London.Very good quality toiletries in the bathroom along with large soft towels and robes. Air conditioning worked well and the room was spotless.Complimentary Evening Standard Newspaper on Friday and a paper of our choice on Saturday and Sunday.Can't understand previous comments about distance from Tube Stations - it is literally only 5 minutes steady walk on the flat from Pimlico Station and 10 minutes from Westminster both of which aren't unpleasant walks!Our package didn't include breakfast which didn't bother us as large hotels are usually a bit of a faff in the mornings, so we had a really good breakfast for 拢9.00 total at Victoria Station's Weatherspoon's Pub (bacon, sausage, egg, beans, hash brown, tomato, toast, coffee).Basically we can't find anything to complain about and will definately be going back when they have deals on. Interesting I got our room 拢80 cheaper by booking with the Hotel direct on their website than the price quoted on LondonTown.com.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>austravelAustralia
<Content>Modern  I stayed at the City Inn Westminster as part of a world trip in January 2008. This hotel is modern and comfortable, but the rooms are quite compact. The beds are very soft, which I found a little uncomfortable, but it didn鈥檛 give me a backache. The rooms were very clean and even had one opening window, which was nice. The bathrooms were immaculately clean. The reception staff were friendly and helpful. The buffet breakfasts were wonderful, with bacon and eggs made to order, every morning. As I was travelling with a large group, most mornings we were given a private area to dine in (when it was available, which was really nice). On one occasion we encountered a rude waiter who asked us to hurry up at breakfast, and they were busy, so it wasn鈥檛 the request that bothered me, more the mode it was delivered in. But he turned out to be quite friendly the next day, so maybe he was just stressed by the volume of people in for breakfast. I dined at the restaurant and the bar, and I actually thought the bar food was better 鈥?better priced and better tasting (but the breakfast was the best food). Overall, I really enjoyed my stay at this hotel and the location was great for sightseeing (close to Westminster Abbey) 鈥?well, it was great for the sights we were seeing anyway! The only real downside is the cost, but London is a very expensive city, so I鈥檓 not sure that anywhere else would be any cheaper. I would stay here again without hesitation and would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to London.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>LucyBrussels
<Content>Excellent Hotel. Could not fault it. Will definitely return. The Westminster Inn Hotel is an overall winner, not only for its great location, but for it's tasteful interior, great facilities and most of all, HIGHLY PROFESSIONAL STAFF.Our hotel room was great, designed with taste and had the feelling of not just being a room to sleep in, but also an area to relax in with a coffee table and comfortable chairs, coffee making facilities and a fridge. Breakfast was a wonderful buffet in a wonderful room with attentive staff.I was also impressed that when in the hotel bar in the evening, a member of staff came and checked that someone had already taken our order, which they had, but the fact that someone checked that our needs were being catered for just underlined to us how professional the staff were and so how impressive the hotel was in ensuring its clients had great stays there.Look out for special offers at the hotel for discount rates.The Westminster Inn Hotel is simply fantastic and I already look forward to going back there.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fivestarsuk
<Content>Gem in a quiet area. This hotel was booked for us by a theatre break website, so we didn't know much about it beforehand. However, we weren't disappointed. The hotel exterior is being renovated at present, so first impressions weren't great, but a fast, efficient, courteous check-in (rooms ready late morning) soon gave us confidence.Rooms on the fifth floor were clean, bright and comfortable. There's a new wi-fi flat screen with TV, radio, computer etc, but we didn't have time to play with toys.The music in the bar late night was mellow, drinks expensive, as ever, but we only had one.Breakfast was very pleasant, service good and a good choice of cooked breakfasts, cooked to order, not a buffet. There were comlimentary newspapers too. A nice touch.The only slightly negative point is that the hotel is a good half mile from any Underground station; useful to know if walking is a problem.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>DAKGlasgow
<Content>Excellent Great place to stay in London, stylish, clean comfortable rooms with an Imac....finally a hotel that does not charge extra for the internet.....breakfast was great. The location is central enough to be convenient for most central London attractions.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Barnabee797
<Content>Clean and Convenient We stayed here one night as part of a Globe Theatre package.Its position for tourism within Central London could hardly be bettered with taxis always available at the door-a boon for those in our party with limited mobility.Also useful for them were the numerous, highly efficient and rapid lifts. The hotel is huge yet is extraordinarily clean:one of the cleanest places I've ever been in. Breakfast is a big operation so get down early or face a wait. The food is not the best you'll find but very acceptable with a wide choice. Free newspapers to read during the meal are a nice touch.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>poppynz
<Content>Great location, awesome internet Awesome location. Walking distance to Victoria station, houses of parliament, big ben, westminster abbey, london eye.Nice sized room. Excellent internet and entertainment system in room. Only disappointment was the room service ordering. They couldn't speak english very well and we had trouble placing our order. They then phoned at 10pm at night when we were in bed demanding we bring our credit card to reception. This was just one person though and the rest of the staff went out of their way to be helpful. The concerige desk was excellent.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>mactoot
<Content>Excellent Spent 3 nights here with my husband and step son at the end of May. Had booked the hotel far in advance so got a really good deal on breakfast (拢5 each). The staff were really accomodating and arranged for a guest bed to be put up in our one bedroom suite, so that we could all be together but have privacy at the same time. The new I-Mac's were a particular hit! Hotel is really central for all the sites; the only fault could be that there are not many restaurants close by. However, the concierge sorted us out with a really nice Chinese restaurant - Kim's, about 5 minutes away by taxi, and we walked back afterwards and it only took us around 15 minutes. There is a Pizza Express on Millbank which was also good for the 3 of us. Would definitely return!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Einrac
<Content>Good Location Really pleasant location for a London hotel, a short walk from Pimlico Tube and the Houses of Parliament. More important, in a quiet part of London so you are assured of a peacefull stay.We stayed on BB terms - the 拢17:50 price for breakfast seemed a tad steep for those on bed only!The rooms are of a good size - the shower rooms are adequate - the beds sre good and the inclusion of an i-mac in the room is really useful in planning your London stay.Reception and restaurant staff were really pleasant and polite.All in all an excellent hotel for the price range - but please can something be done about the breakfast coffee - does the hotel re-use the grains - it was so weak!!!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	5	4	5	

<Author>Travellorr
<Content>GREAT business hotel! I needed a convenient place to stay on a three-day trip to London. Dreading the sometimes ancient hotels of this lovely city, at exhorbitant prices, I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem. Clean, conveniently located, reasonably priced (for London), and with a friendly staff, this hotel provides what a business traveller needs. There's complimentary high-speed Internet access in the rooms, a well-placed data jack by the desk, and get this: a spanking new iMac to use as a CD player, radio, movie player, TV, and Web access!The hotel is a four-minute walk to the Houses of Parliament and Westminster tube station, or a three-minute walk to the Pimlico tube station or the Tate Gallery.I shall return.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>elsiera
<Content>a late review but worthy of forwarding We stayed here in June 06. The hotel is close to a tube which is a quick trip to the city . It takes about 10 mins to walk to the tube so its handy.Fab breakfast at the hotel - buffet style, catering with cooked bacon, sausages eggs etc, pastries and a nice selection of fruits. We thought the service in the breakfast room was very good - the staff were attentive.When we arrived at the hotel which was about 7am the staff allocated us to a room immediately which meant we did not have to sit around or wait - which we appreciated after flying long haulGorgeous products in the bathroom - shower gel, lotion etcComfy beds and broadband in the roomA lovely hotel and we would stay again  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>winter1978
<Content>Top marks for The City Inn Very stylish hotel, tucked away in the streets of westminster.Staff wonderful and really helpful, with a personality which is really hard to find in some hotels.Room really nice. clean  free internet use included.Breakfast was great, there is something for everyone.The hotel bar is funky  stylish with a good cocktail menu, a little over priced but you shoud expect that from a hotel bar.There was scaffolding up when we visited, due to an issue with the roof, which was explained around the hotel, this did not bother us and it did not take the feel away from what is a very nice hotel.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Critix
<Content>Most impressed with the value, location and class of this hotel This is one of my favourite hotels in London and its rating on this site would suggest that my views are shared by many. Providing you book ahead you can usually pick up a good deal. It is also well located, being a short walk from parliament and Westminster Abbey and within a stone's throw of MI5 headquarters.The room was comfortable and clean. No view to speak of but I requested a room on the lower floors anyway. The Imac is a lovely touch and an excellent way of distinguishing the City Inn from other hotels in its range. The bathroom was a little pokey and had a shower cubicle rather than a bath but again this is what I wanted and I booked the simplest room of its kind.I didn't eat in the hotel this time but I did do previously three years ago. The menu now looks much the same with a similar kind of cuisine.The staff in this place are almost all non-British (as is to be expected these days) and are subsequently motivated, hard-working and polite.This is a gem - a little outside the centre but quiet, well located, good value and welcoming.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>cmkline1
<Content>There are better places to stay Stayed here on business for one night on 5 June on the basis of the reviews on tripadvisor. The front desk staff were very helpful and gave a friendly welcome. The (standard) room was good but I couldn't help thinking that I'd just walked into Ikea (e.g. see the combi-wardrobe/shelving unit/side board). The bathroom is also pretty small, but smart and clean. My major gripe, however, is the Apple Mac pc which doubles up as a TV. Having a PC in every room is a nice idea (I was able to access my work email online etc.) but the TV (and the remote) lacks the functionality of a regular LCD TV. There's no EPG (just a basic channel selection screen) and the volume seemed to keep resetting itself each time I went back to the menu screen. The picture quality is also not as good as a LCD TV and the screen sizer is too small for the room (it's about 19). However, that said, the restaurant is good (I had dinner and the continental breakfast there). I'd recommend staying here but there are better hotels in central London for the same price.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>berttidy
<Content>Fine Location, Good Rooms, Excellent Staff Without doubt this is a first class business orientated hotel. However, if like me, a tourist in town for a couple of days, it's more than adequate as a base.What did I like?. ; 10 minute walk to Parliament buildings (turn right out of the hotel and don't follow those who go to Pimlico tube ) a further ten minutes to Trafalgar Square.15 to 20 minute walk to Buckingham Palace (turn right out of hotel then left down Horseferry Road)Comfortable bed after a hard day doing those tourist things, good shower and imac TV.Good breakfast can be found a ten minute walk along Horseferry Road just after the Channel 4 building one the corner, a local place called Pronto Cafe, don't be put off by the crowd, locals! they know where to eat.Hotel bar is comfortably funky and good for a nightcap.The last word goes to the staff who were unconditionally pleasant, helpful and doing a superb job.if new to London and planning on public transport more than walking, get yourself an Oyster card.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>gabio
<Content>Nice Hotel This is the second time I have visited this hotel. The hotel is very close to the Houses of Parliament and in a quiet location away from restaurants and bars. The hotel bar was very nice even though it was busy both nights we stayed. The rooms are very modern but with no great views of anything at the back end. I would stay again if the rate was under 拢100  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	2	5	5	

<Author>TravelbunnyNIreland
<Content>Loved our stay!! Stayed for 1 night to go to King Tut Exhibition in O2 Dome-situated in lovely area, within walking distance to Houses of Parliament, Buckingham Palace, etc. Could not fault staff at all, very pleasant and so helpful. Gave us map and directed us to nearest tube station and explained cheapest option for tickets and also gave us umbrella to use when it starting raining. Restaurant for breakfast lovely, room facilities were great, so clean with a great power shower in bathroom!! Would not hesitate to recommend to anyone and would definitely go back!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wrs1974
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Good Value, Decent Location The Hotel was pretty much as advertised on their website, and the reviews on Trip Advisor were accurate as well. I really have nothing bad to say about the hotel, so I'll focus on the good things. We flew into Gatwick, and took the Dot 2 Dot service which took us directly to the Hotel. Check-in was smooth and quick, and the rooms were just as they appear, clean, nice furniture, and an iMac computer, which doubled as the TV. Took a little while to figure out the iMac's operating system (it was some third party OS, not the normal Macintosh OS) but otherwise it was a 4 star hotel room. Very nice.The hotel was about a 10 minute walk to Westminster Abbey, Big Ben, and Parliament, and there are several restaurants within walking distance.For those who have a limited time in London, I would advise taking a bus tour, on The Original Bus Tour Company, it's a hop-on, hop-off double-decker bus tour, and was perfect for us.Check-out went smoothly, and there were no other hang-ups. Excellent stay.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rhyd78
<Content>Excellent hotel An excellent hotel with a good central location in Westminster, fantastic food and friendly staff. The rooms are spacious and clean and the a very large bar to boot. The only downside would possible be the prices of drinks and perhaps a slightly overly business feel to it but i am really clutching at straws here! I have stayed here on a number of occasions and would definitely recommend to anyone who is ready to pay the price.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traductora
<Content>Keeps getting better This hotel keeps getting better. The in-room iMacs which provide TV, DVD, music and Internet are great. It makes it easy for the Web-savvy among us to plan activities more efficiently. Not to mention how helpful it was to log on just before checking out, only to discover my flight was delayed, and be saved the surprise at the airport.The safes are still iffy. I had the same problem as last time, and was told that it wasn't a recurring problem - so I guess it's probably just me. Anyway I was moved because of the inconvenience, and put in a club room with a view. Thanks!I'd also like to remind readers of a tip I received here. Instead of ordering the full breakfast, you can order 脿 la carte dishes at 拢9.50 - I had scrambled eggs on toast one morning, cinnamon French toast another day. My server the first morning didn't quite understand this, but the maitre 'd set her straight. It's certainly a lot cheaper than 拢19.50 for a buffet, and more inviting than going elsewhere when the weather is bad. But next time I want to check out the Regency Caf茅 for breakfast - it's only a few blocks away.Dinner at the hotel is pretty good value. I enjoyed a 3 course seasonal meal for 拢19.50 plus extras. Just remember to get a side order of vegetables, because none are served with the meal.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bazza67work
<Content>City Inn - A Class Act!!! A few years ago, due to a work project, I virtually lived Monday to Friday at the original City Inn in Birmingham. Therefore, when looking for a stay in London ahead of Rochdale's momentous day out at Wembley, I figured the City Inn Westminster was a pretty safe bet.A short walk from Pimlico tube station (I'd suggest Pimlico rather than Westminster, it is a bit shorter), I found it very easily. First impressions were mixed as there was scaffolding/hoarding erected at the front of reception - turns out this was a precaution to ensure that nobody was felled by a falling tile....Check in was delightful.. If there is a more pleasant check in person than the lovely Magda in the whole of London, then I'd be very very surprised.Room of course excellent. The introduction of the iMac as an entertainment centre is pure genius. Mine didn't work straightaway, but whether that was a genuine system problem or a symptom of my technical inadequacies, I really dont know. Suffice to say that a quick word at reception and a short walk around the block later, all was working fine...So, was it safe bet?? Well that would be damning with faint praise .... Its a great great hotel. Birmingham was good, this is better. I'm off to Manchester in a few weeks time... Guess which hotel I'll be checking out there????  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aussieeuro27
<Content>Loved the City Inn Found this place through Trip Advisor and I was not disappointed.In London terms its definitely not that expensive, and the place is great. Loved the iMacs in the room, so don't need to drag the laptop next time. Staff were great.Only sore spot was the cost of food in the restaurant, their breakfast was a tad expensive for what you got. But not to fussed, wont stop me going back.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheSals
<Content>Loved this hotel We had a lovely stay at this hotel.Having never been to London before we wanted something close to the bus station and handy to all the sightseeing spots. This hotel definately ticked all the boxes.When we were taken to our room I was delighted to discover that I could email all our family and friends and check-in for our flight home all in the comfort of our room!The room was very comfortable and spacious (not at all what I expected).The Buffet Breakfast was very nice but get there early...we didn't have any problems but if we had arrived 1/2 an hour later we would have had to wait for a table.The staff were very friendly and helpful (especially the bar staff!)I would definately recommend this hotel to Friends and Family.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Richie475
<Content>Love this hotel! My partner and I have stayed at this hotel on many occasions now and love it. Can't fault it at all - it is in a lovely quiet area away from the hustle and bustle, but close enough if you want it. I say to my partner every time we go that it's hard to believe that you are in central london being so quiet.To the people that say that it is too far away from anywhere, or complaining about taxi prices - use the bus! There is a bus stop almost outside the hotel and you can get to Victoria on the C10 or into the West End on the 88. I think the fare is 95p (bargain!). The walk to the Tube in Pimlico is around a 10 minute stroll, or again take the C10 bus direct to the station.We've stayed in many other London hotels trying to get a cheap deasl, but to be honest the price charged for City Inn you can't go far wrong. Looking forward to going back on my birthday!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NebraskaTravelpro
<Content>Great Location Loved this hotel, great location, very modern rooms. Had a view of the river. Extremely clean. Good sized bathrooms. The only warning I have is against booking the club level rooms. We originally booked club level so we could have guaranteed early check-in and late check-out. But it's just not worth the extra charge. I had to remind the front desk several times that we had booked the club level room because they did not deliver the fruit, water, upgraded toiletries, and newspapers as promised. Other than that, we had a fabulous stay.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>EdsSwindon
<Content>Nice Hotel Stayed at City Inn overnight 10th May for husbands birthday/theatre trip. Hotel is nice as reviews state, although I must admit, due to the excessive praise on trip advisor you do expect a lot and I did think to myself, 'what is all the raving about'! It's surrounded by scaffolding at the moment, so not attractive from outside, but inside is very clean  modern. Lifts are great  efficient, room was nice. Restaurant was good for breakfast. The negative is the location, I wouldn't stay here again as it is such a long walk to west end and back and taxi's charged us 拢17 quid from Paddington and 拢15 quid to West End, I did expect it to be a bit nearer and when we returned from the theatre at night, we were hungry, but were told in the bar that food had finished, but the table next to us seemed to be able to order food and be fussy about their requirements, we would have settled for a sandwich or even crisps! An hour after we were refused, we saw another guest being served with something! we ended up settling for the crisps out of the mini bar in our room! It was disappointing. Also, and please don't slate me non smokers, if you do enjoy an occasional ciggie, there is no where suitable to have a smoke, we stood outside and walked up to the exit, but we were still told to go right out on to the street away from the hotel(we were already right away from the hotel) carrying our glass of wine, it was quite ridiculous, never been treated like that before by any pub, club or hotel even though I am a criminal smoker! As I say nice place though.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>weenireeni
<Content>Loved the Mac! Stayed here for two nights and enjoyed it thoroughly. Room was to a high standard, lovely bathroom and best of all you get to use a Mac with free wireless. We had a few teething problems - fridge didn't work, and the Mac broke, but they were soon fixed. Beds were very very comfy!Good air con, good view and great location for Westminster and the Eye.Would love to stay again!  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>aseretana
<Content>Excellent!! Worths the price!       Our room, on the 11th floor  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>asbelew
<Content>Loved this hotel We stayed at the city inn after reading the many positive reviews from this website. It was a bank holiday so the area around the hotel was empty. Only being able to stay for a day and being the first time in London we enjoyed the quiet area. We were able to see the sights and it was a safe walk back to the hotel from the center of the city. Only a 8 pound cab ride from Victoria Station. The rooms were a nice size and spotless. The bathroom was a little small but adequate. It was nice having a computer to use in the room. The only complaint was that the hotel arranged a car for us to the airport and I was told that it would be 50 pounds, but when we got in the car and were down the road the driver told us we would have to pay an extra 10 pnds because we had an extra suitcase.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ulick
<Content>Good choice This hotel probably deserves the good reviews it gets. Previous posts contains a quite accurate description of the place. I am just goning to make some remarksThe hotel is not located in the very centre (fortunatly, to my view). Anyway, it is imposible to be near St Paul, The British Museum and Westminster Abbey at the same time. What is true is that this hotel is not in the shopping or nightlife districts, but in a quiet and peacefull area next to the Tate Britain, so if you like Picadilly鈥檚 enviroment go somewher else. But if not, probably this hotel is your place. Nevertheless from the place you can get to the Big Ben in about 15 minutes walking.Note that rhere is little bit of a walk to Pimlico, St James or Westminster tube stations. If you don't carry heavy luggage and like to walk you can reach the hotel from Victoria station in about 20-25 minutes.  By the way, I suggest to explore the pretty georgian style neiborhood arround St John鈥檚 Church in Smith Square. It is also true that there are not many pubs arround the hotel, but there are at least two. The nearest is 鈥淢arquis of Granby鈥?which is in Dean Ryle Stree (continuation of John Islip street), 2 minutes walking from the hotel. The other is 鈥淭he white Swan鈥? in Vauxhall, in the corner with Causton street. About 5 minutes. Both offer a choice of ales, and british food.The hotel is new and stylish. The service, attentive. Rooms could be a bit larger; and there are not many with river view, so if you want one of them, let it know to the hotel in advance. And, if it's cold and you don鈥檛 like the noisy, unhealthy and feeeble air heater system, ask for an electric radiador, they have some.Finaly, try to get breakfast included. It is excellent (the earlier you go to have it, the better; it is served from 7.00)I hope this was helful. Have a nice trip!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>SaldeanTripper
<Content>Modern, Clean  Stayed here on business for just one night. Arrived late and was made to feel welcome. Room was very clean  modern. Liked the multi-media Apple Mac. Free internet access too. The location is perfect - close to Millbank Tower, Tate Britain  Horseferry Road. Ideal for tourists wanting to be near Parliament  Westminster Abbey. The area is pretty quiet too. It was only a ten minute walk from my meeting the next day. I'll stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarkKim00
<Content>Modern and Sleek I stayed here for a week during New Years Eve 2005. At the time I believe the hotel was almost brand new so I got pretty good rates. Around $175/day. The hotel is clean, sleek and modern like many of the new boutique hotels popping up around London. It is set back in a quiet location in Westminster. About a 10 minute walk to Big Ben and the nearest Tube stop. Overall I think it is a great location for families and business people because it is quiet and nice, but I鈥檓 not sure young partiers would like the location too much. Not much going on around that area during the night time.The hotel lobby is big and nice. There is a bar in the hotel that was pretty popular when I was there. The rooms were small as expected, but that was manageable. There was a small LCD TV and free WiFi which was a plus. I would stay here again without any hesitations. I believe the rate has gone up since I stayed there so it might be out of my ideal price range by now.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Glindaba
<Content>Good value for tourists We won a night's stay at the City Inn (with a Theatre trip thrown in) and thought we'd sample a London hotel - even though we live very close to the property!It offers very good value for the tourist - who populated the hotel - and a First Class breakfast buffet with the freshest ingredients constantly replenished. The service leaves something to be desired however with the welcome perfunctory again and the breakfast waitress clearly wanted to be somewhere else. Rooms are small, well designed, basic, clean and completely devoid of character. The bed was appalling; mattress far too soft for a good night's sleep but at least the room was quiet. Nice flat screen tv/dvd etc though.For the experienced London visitor, the location is terrible.Getting home after Theatre was difficult and novices could be put off by this. However if you are an art lover, the Tate Britain is within spitting distance so that couldn't be better.Great if you are on a budget, but doesn't feel like the real London at all.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	2	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>stephenmoz
<Content>Regular guest Over the years I have stayed at the City Inn more times than I can remember. I have always enjoyed my stays here, and have come to view the area as my London base. I use it when in London with my union (handy for meetings in Westminster), and for leisure. Breakfasts are very nice, though if you stay during the week they are better (weekends is buffet style). Good weekend deals are available, which make the City Inn a very attractive leisure option. During the week it can be pricey, so if you are paying yourself and have an eye on the cash, then look over the river at the Novotel near Lambeth Palace, or nearer still, the Dolphin House apartments near Pimlico?Back to City Inn. The Millbank Lounge bar is a laid back affair, with overpriced wine/cocktails and beers slowly served with free snacks (keep asking for them every round, your paying enough and everyone else does!). Be careful when leaving the bar, as I've seen many a guest walk straight into the wall legnth mirrors on the way out!The rooms have recently been updated, and are of a good standard. Free broadband (cables from Reception) in all rooms (WiFi in lobby), a mini hi-fi, dvd player and lcd tv are also there for your enjoyment. I personally find the tv picture quality to be an issue, but it's watchable! Bathrooms are good, with 2 robes to lounge around in.I'm back in about 2 weeks.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>realale
<Content>Rooms still high standard - what happened to the 拢19 breakfast ? I have stayed here many times. The location is ideal for me, out of tourist area and nice and relaxing.The rooms are of a very high standard, the new imac TV/computer/DVD combo a nice addition from my last stay.What happened to the freshly cooked English breakfast ? I could tell it had been hanging around for a while before I got it. At nearly 拢20 a go, I expected freshly cooked and not made up from a heap of already cooked items behind the scenes.The free wi-fi was nothing but a pain. Gone more than it was there when I wanted it. I did not want to use the in room imac as I have a load of templates on my laptop for my business and I do not appreciate having to retype them when I cannot get my laptop onto the wifi. I resorted to going the nearest McDonalds to get their wifi on many occasions as it was always available.You are losing your edge. Sort out the breakfast and your wifi.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>JSMunn
<Content>decent value Good value hotel, decent location, breakfast expensive if not included in proce. Rooms not huge but more than adequate, nice and quiet.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>Blondie247772
<Content>Great rooms, shame about the food       Hotel room  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Dreamez
<Content>Third visit to this lovely hotel - excellent as always This was my third visit to the city inn - and I will be returning again in the summer. Stayed on the weekend March 14th-16th.As always, service was top notch, staff extremely friendly and helpful especially Paula at reception who ensured I had a wonderful stay since it was my Birthday.We have stayed in both a suite and a club room both packages are excellent value for money. I love the club package because of the late check out at 4pm 鈥?it means you can have a good rest before you check out.The rooms are extremely modern and clean. We didn鈥檛 eat in the restaurant this time but have done on previous occasions the steak was lovely. We had breakfast in bed and found the charge to be reasonable given the fact that some hotels charge double the fee.The hotel is in a wonderful location 鈥?and placed right next to the Tate Briton, Westminster and the houses of parliaments are also very near by, if you are fit its also well placed for a Buckingham palace, Leicester Square and downing street which can be reached by foot within one hour 鈥?its especially nice to have a walk by the river which is just 5 mins away.What makes this hotel the best is the staff who are so helpful and genuinely want to make your stay as comfortable as possible. Its like staying at a five star but without the price tag. The bar is lovely as well 鈥?some of the best cocktails in town!! Loved the heel kick have to come back for more.Would recommend this hotel for a weekend break in London.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GBains
<Content>Easter in London Stayed for 3 nights over easter. As with other City Inns the hotel was very nice, the room was very comfortable including TV, DVD player and CD player. Internet access was available in the hall near the lifts which was useful as we then didnt have to go to the lobby.Hotel is in a nice loaction, 5 mins walk from Pimlico tube station.We paid a good price for the 3 nights however it didnt include breakfast. Breakfast at the City Inn cafe was 拢17 per person and as there were 4 of us staying we opted to go to a Weatherspoons pub at Victoria and pay 拢22 for all 4 people for a full English breakfast.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LAworld
<Content>Quiet and Clean A clean and quiet hotel located a few blocks south of Westminster Abbey. The rooms are modern and well designed. The beds are comfortable, but not exceptional. If you have an extended stay, there may be a problem with unpacking since there is very limited closet and drawer space. We got a rate of 100 punds per night including a full breakfast which made this hotel a very good value.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>hesitant
<Content>This is THE place to stay in London This fantastic hotel is located a 5min walk down Millbank (Thames Walk) from the Houses of Parliament and Westminster Bridge. After a 'hiccup' on arrival (our Club Room wasn't ready at 3:15pm), we were upgraded to a junior suite (13th floor) - beautiful views over Thames/H of P (St.Paul's Tower) and Westminster Abbey (all floodlit at night).Hotel was beautifully decorated (minimilist/contemporary yet very comfortable); rooms were immaculate and modern and again comfortable. Bed was highest quality.But it was the attention to detail and helpfullness of the staff that rates this hotel. They are great. Professional; customer service oriented to a fault; and friendly.The 1st floor lounge was a bit noisy (music) and difficult to talk over. Restaurant on the main floor was beautiful, service was excellent and the food was 5Star. I would however give afternoon tea in the first floor lounge a miss, as it comprised of two scones that were inedible (rock hard), and service was a hit and miss (enthusiastic, but obviously in training). All other meals - breakfast/dinner in restaurant - excellent value.We booked this hotel because of the excellent reviews on TRIPADVISOR.COM (there are other hotels in the vicinity that we deliberately didn't book because of the comments on this website). We previously have had 2 very bad experiences with central London Hotels (4Star ones), but our stay at the CITYINN, WESTMINSTER has restored our faith in quality service at a central London Hotel. We will be staying at this hotel on our future trips to London. We would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting London for its attention to customer service; fantastic location; excellent and highest quality of fixtures/fitting in rooms and great restaurant/cafe.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jill-Jack
<Content>Wonderful... as ever! I've stayed at this hotel on four occasions now. Each time it just gets better. The staff are wonderful; the food is terrific; the standards are either maintained - because they're high - or even bettered. We enjoyed the set dinner in the restaurant on this last visit. The food was beautifully presented; the service great; the fixed price amazing, especially for a central London top hotel. I don't think we'll eat out elsewhere when we're back next month. We did have room service one of the nights - again we weren't disappointed. The breakfasts are memorable and lasted us throughout the day.The location is terrific too for the Houses of Parliament, London Eye, shopping in Chelsea. It's situated at the back of Tate Britain. You can guess I liked it and I can't wait to get back.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cazmacalan
<Content>Absolutely Superb! Fantastic, arrived on business with a colleague in late evening, staff were of the highest calibre and made our stay hassle free. Nothing but praise for this spotlessly clean modern hotel, with friendly efficient staff and an amazing restaurant too!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mel13
<Content>Great hotel and location This was a great place! The hotel is within walking distance of a tube stop and to Big Ben, Westminster Abbey and all the other sites! The hotel itself was nicely appointed. The staff was friendly and the rooms were nice and clean and fairly comfortable. We had breakfast included, which was very good and the staff were great and attentive. Yes, the bar was expensive! It was about US $20 for a drink, which we splurged on our last night there. There are certainly other places to go for better rates. I really can't think of any negatives for the City Inn except we didn't have a view (oh well). This is a great place and a good rate.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>B1-64
<Content>Very Good Couldn't agree more with the previous reviews . Stayed for 1 nite whilst going to the 02 for a concert [10 mins walk to direct service from westminster tube]. Found the hotel to be well located and very clean. Had slight problem at check in [ they could'nt find my booking] which was dealt with in the most efficient and helpful manner you could ask for.The staff are a credit to the hotel with a special mention to Lee Mills for great service. The rooms are light and airy, we had a partial view of the Thames, and well eqipped with hi-fi and dvd player. The bar on the 1st floor was good and stayed open late.Breakfast in the morning is one of the best you will get and puts a lot of other hotels to shame.Definitley stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>marcolet
<Content>Great Hotel and Value for Money We are just back from a 3 night stay in the City Inn - over the Easter weekend. I must agree with a lot of others regarding their positive reviews of this hotel.We had breakfast in the hotel each morning - if you are having the full english you order at the table and they serve it up to you - huge choice, bacon, sausage, eggs, mushrooms etc. You can also serve yourself from the buffet which had yogurts, cold meats, cheese, rolls, cakes, fresh fruit etc - plenty options and we had no complaints. Some people have said that there are long delays for breakfast - we were down every morning about 8 and had no problem. To be fair the hotel did have a little note in the room adivsing that at the weekend breakfast was busy after nine so if you were on a tight schedule then perhaps come before that time. We did not see too many places around where you could have got breakfast.The rooms are clean and have everything you would need - tv, tea and coffee making facilities ( complementary milk in the mimi bar fridge), proper hairdryer, safe, mini bar. Bathrooms are as previously described - I agree they are small but they have everything you would want and the shower is very good. If you need the use of a computer to check in online or anything then there are facilities on the fourth floor just next to the liftThere were newspapers available in reception all day and also as you went into breakfast.We went to the bar in the hotel one night on our way back from a show - it was very busy and had a good atmosphere. With regard to the location we had no difficulty with it - it is close to Pimlico station and Westminster Station. Pimlico is about a 5 minute walk but for a lot of lot of places you would need to change lines. We had no problem with the tube - hopping on and off and changing lines etc - if however you would be a bit nervous of this then perhaps the hotel might not suit you. Also for someone not able to walk too far and not too mobile then maybe might not be suitable - having said that there were always taxis outside the door. There was also a bus stop around the corner - we did not use this so not sure where it went toOverall this hotel is great value for money and for the service offered. The staff were always very pleasant from the reception staff to the breakfast staff. I would have no difficulty staying there again or recommending it to anyone - the only thing would be the location if you had a problem using the underground and did not want to be walking or paying out for taxis  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>dublin_boy
<Content>Great value for London Stayed here for 3 nights over Easter. I was attracted by the positive reviews on TA and a price of 160euro including breakfast on roomex.com. I was not disappointed: the hotel was bright and modern and the staff really friendly and efficient. The breakfast was superb with really good quality offerings including smoothies and mini savoury muffins. I was delighted to find Irish (and Scottish) papers available in reception and to peruse over at breakfast. The rooms were comfortable and quite spacious for London though the bed seemed a bit worn and the flat screen TV was a bit small. The 1st floor bar managed to be both stylish and comfortable - a rare feat in a hotel bar!As a few reviewers have noted it's a few minutes walk to the Tube but lots of buses stops nearby and there's a taxi rank in the forecourt so we had no trouble getting around. Although quiet at nightime, the area seemed very safe and the walk from Westminster tube station past the Houses of Parliament is particularly impressive after dark. Gay travellers should note that the hotel is within walking distance of Vauxhall, which appears to be the hub of London nightlife these days.I have stayed in many hotels in London and have regularly been disappointed by their poor value and indifferent service. City Inn will be my location of choice when visiting from now on!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luthgicap
<Content>Great hotel       View from the London eye  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>clurina
<Content>Good Value for London We stayed here with some friends as a base for a weekend in London and to go to a concert at the 02 arena. It fits somewhere between the economy hotels Ibis travelodge type and really nice luxury hotels but is more than adequate for a short break.The rooms are really well equipped but the standard doubles are pretty small with tiny bathrooms.The toiletries etc are nice( white company) and there are tvs dvds and cd players dressing gowns etc. The staff were pleasant and helpful although we had to chase things up a few times.There is a nice bar to have a drink in which was open late although service was pretty poor.But you could just go to the bar and fetch a drink.The breakfast buffet was nice and I would recommend booking a package that includes breakfast.However they do have an express option of coffee and a roll for 拢5.50 if you just want something quick. It is in a nice quiet mainly residential area and literally next to the Tate and a ten minute walk along the river to Westminster.Pimlico tube station was a good five minute walk.It took us 35 minutes to get to the 02 by tube if that helps anyone.We used the hotel car park and it is tiny with loads of pillars unless you are very confident and have a smallish car I wouldn't recommend it. We would use it again for a weekend break in London but its not fabulous.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>Lucy_Jones
<Content>Amazing value for money Thank you Tripadvisor! We booked this hotel solely based on Tripadvisor reviews and were not disappointed. Its like a proper hotel at Travelodge prices - we paid around 拢80 per night for a double room. The staff were the most helpful I have come across at a non-luxury property and the rooms were amazingly well equipped for the amount we paid - internet access, air con, dressing gowns, cd and dvd player, well stocked minibar, comfortable chair, white company toiletries, full tea and coffee making facilities plus biscuits - need I go on?The bathrooms were quite small but the showers very powerful and they had everything we needed. Everything was very clean and quiet and the rooms felt spacious. Some of them must have great views over London if you get a room on a high floor. The only negative comment I would make about the room was the bed - although we did sleep well the mattress was a bit softer than I would have liked. But you can't have everything at this price! We had breakfast in the hotel both days and the selection was very good although we did feel it was a little bit pricey at the weekend. Top tip - they do an a la carte breakfast menu so if you just want a coffee and a croissant, that's all you'll pay for. They had an outside seating area which looked as though it would be really nice in the warmer weather. The bar was very funky and we used that one evening after coming back from the theatre. It was surprisingly full and lively for a hotel bar - plus they did fantastic cocktails!The only thing I didn't like so much was the location. Although it is pretty central, Pimlico is not a tube station that will get you to many places without a change of line. You can however easily walk from the hotel to the Houses of Parliament and Westminster Abbey etc. Also - the staff were very good at getting taxis if you need one. Despite the location, I would definitely stay there again because I thought what you got for the money was amazing value.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pandadavis
<Content>Loved it! I enjoyed a one night stay at the hotel in December. My mother accompanied me and as we are not regular vistors to London I researched several hotels before deciding on the City Inn. I was not disappointed.The whole experience was excellent, I couldn't fault it. The hotel was only a few minutes walk from Pimlico station. We enjoyed a complimentary glass of champagne upon arrival, the staff were friendly and professional, the accommodation was clean and spacious and there was a huge choice for breakfast. All for 拢99! I would strongly recommend this hotel and will use it on my next visit.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>curlycat
<Content>Very impressed by the City Inn We were staying for one night in London before going to a family event the next day, and decided to try the City Inn purely because of its excellent TripAdvisor ratings. We were not disappointed, and will certainly stay there again. Check in was quick and friendly. Our room, only a standard as this was a quick stop-over, was modern and quite spacious, with a flat screen TV, drinks cabinet  snacks, iron, tea  coffee etc. The bathroom had a shower only, but was clean and modern, with some nice shampoos etc and bathrobes. As the weather was bad we decided to just stay in. We went to the bar first, which was extremely busy, but we got served quite quickly. Drinks prices were a bit high! We then ate in the restaurant and were extremely impressed. The menu was interesting, the food was excellent and service was also very good. Breakfast the next morning was freshly cooked to order. We were lucky in that we did not have to wait, but there was soon quite a long queue. There were empty tables, which were not being quickly cleared and relaid, and I think this is a glitch that the hotel needs to sort out as I have noticed comments about the breakfast queue in other reports. But don't be put off; this hotel exceeded expectations and will be our first choice next time in London.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TNTraveler3687
<Content>Very Nice Stay at City Inn       View from Room 1111  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>JEM62
<Content>Great Hotel, great location Stayed here for one night on a trip to see Joseph at the Adelphi theatre. I was slightly concerned about the location because other reviews seemed to suggest that it was quite a walk from anywhere. The location is great about 7 minutes walk from Houses of Parliament and Westminster Abbey and a brisk 20 minute walk from Trafalgar Square so a perfect location for both sightseeing and theatres.The hotel itself was nice, room was average size but good for London, bathroom compact but clean and functional. Top marks for cleanliness and also for helpfulness and friendliness of staff. The other big plus was the fact that although the hotel was warm it was not as dreadfully hot as most others and we could open the window in the bedroom. Even with the open window the room was quiet. The breakfast was quite simply the best hotel breakfast I have had and service was excellent. The only thing that could be improved upon is the level of lighting in the rooms which is very dim. Around the hotel there is street parking which is free at weekends.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Calafort
<Content>Great Hotel! Hotel ticked all the boxes for us. Two adults, two teenage girls. Ideally positioned for London attractions. Really nice clean well equipped, rooms. Excellent restaurant for us, great room service for the girls! Staff very friendly and helpful - dont forget to ask for complimentary entry cards to Tate! By London standards, prices are reasonable. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>VickyJane
<Content>Great Service Stayed in this hotel for just one night whilst in London for a concert and was very impressed by the value for money and level of service.Location wise it was fine... a little bit of a walk to Pimlico or Westminster stations (10mins), but a nice one. The room was lovely - simple but clean, with everything you could need and lovely and quiet. Part of the iron was missing, but we managed to get it working and the staff were so lovely, I'm sure there would have been no problems getting another.We ate dinner and breakfast in the hotel, and both were excellent, although the side dishes ordered with dinner seemed to be very salty (the tuna made up for it though!).I have to stress how wonderful the staff were. They advised on getting around, ordered taxis and generally bent over backward to help. You would expect this kind of service from a good 4 star hotel, but I have been to several where it was not the case.Overall for the price paid this is the best value hotel I have stayed in and would definately return next time I go to London.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Famousfive_7
<Content>Top Hotel Just returned after a weekend break at the City Inn. A treat for my mum's 60th Birthday 5 girls (mixed age groups) went and could not have asked for a more perfect hotel. The check in, guest services, bar, restaurant and rooms were all top class. The hotel is in a fab location wherever you wish to go. We used the Original Tour Company bus which stopped at the end of the street. We hopped on and off over Saturday and Sunday (special deal in Feb) and visited most of the sites along the route. The City Inn is neighbours to Westminster Abbey and the Houses of Parliament which was a fantastic site to see each time you walked out the hotel.The staff were very pleasant and could not help us enough. We had a minor set back in the bar after ordering sandwiches. They never arrived however the manager could not fall over us anymore to help and gave us our round of drinks (拢25) free. Something he did not need to do but a very very nice touch.The bar was very comfortable and trendy with fabulous music. Just made you want to sit there all day and night !We were not lucky enough to be on the 13th floor with the views however the rooms we had were superb. The decor is very modern with all mod cons cd player, dvd, web access etc. One of our rooms slept 3 and had more than enough room to accomodate us. The mini bar prices were also very reasonable.The breakfast was delicious. So much to choose from and something to please everyone. I suppose some people would say 拢17.50 is expensive for breakfast but the freshness and choice makes it all worth it.I would definately recommend this hotel to everyone no matter the age group and cannot wait to return.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>le-dude
<Content>Great Location - Great Service The better half and I had one night here during the Valentine weekend and we were very pleased with our choice. The reception staff were wonderfully cheery and very welcoming, and although we arrived quite early (11am) our room was already ready for us. Rooms are typically 'modern' but good size, very clean and there are some nice touches - eg. mini hi-fi, DVD player, nice wine glasses on a little bar, and bath robes - which for medium priced hotels are becoming quite rare these days. The hotel also has a lending library of CDs and DVDs - we didn't stay long enough to dip into these but they're free and must be quite a boon sometimes to those staying a few days with kids in tow, if they get tired of the 30 odd TV channels !The hotel is nicely located just a 5-6 minute walk from Pimlico tube and a 10 minute walk from Big Ben. This is a very clean, quiet area of London and felt extremely 'safe' even when getting back quite late on foot. One minor negative point was that we had to queue for a breakfast table. However, the staff brought fresh orange juice to all those in the queue and I guess in the end no-one had to wait in line for more than about 10 minutes. Over all a very good experience for a pretty good price. We definately recommend it and may well return for a second stay.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gwyndy
<Content>Very good My wife and I stayed at the City Inn for a couple of nights in February 2008.The hotel is everything that other reviewers have already said - great location, quiet, pleasant and helpful staff and, with a couple of small exceptions, very good service.The door of our taxi was opened almost before it stopped moving. We were greeted by a delightful young man and escorted to the reception desk where we were speedily checked in by a very charming and efficient young lady. Our standard room was quite acceptable. It was a very standard modern box but what it lacked in architectural charm it made up for in amenities - small flat screen TV with plenty of channels, DVD player, separate mini hi-fi system, mini bar, tea / coffee making facilities with good ground coffee bags and a sensible supply of milk, hair dryer, ironing board and iron. There is also a free DVD / CD loan facility available from the concierge. The bathroom was small - shower only - but more than adequate.The Millbank Lounge was a pleasant area to sit and have a drink. Breakfast in the City Cafe was very good - everything from the healthy continental style buffet to the artery-clogging full English! The City Cafe is also open for lunch and dinner. Although we did not eat there other than breakfast, the menus look interesting and not over priced.We did have a couple of issues with service at breakfast on the second morning and when trying to get coffee in the Millbank lounge one afternoon but I am sure that these were not typical of normal operations in this hotel. When I mentioned these points via the hotel's on-line feedback facility I received a very rapid response and apology from the hotel's General Manager and an assurance that the matters would be addressed. I have every confidence that they will be. This is obviously a hotel that prides itself on the quality of it's service and that is determined not to let even minor glitches detract from it's very high standards.I would take issue with the hotel's Best Rate Guarantee policy which promises to match any publicly available price for rooms. I was about to book direct with the hotel at a price of around 拢375 for two nights BB. Via Tripadvisor I found a price of 拢226 on www.otel.com. Having never used any of these internet hotel booking sites before, I 'phoned the hotel and asked if they would match the price but they would not do so. Apparently one has to book with the hotel and then submit a claim within 24 hours of booking. I think that this is pointless. Anyway I booked with otel.com and had no problems.Judging from the reviews posted on Tripadvisor, London must be awash with over-priced and badly serviced hotels. The City Inn is certainly not one of them. We don't visit London very often but next time we do so The City Inn will most certainly be our first choice hotel.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>phukdesign
<Content>Good value quality in central location If you book on their website you can get some really cheap deals. You can pay as little as 89 pounds a night. the food in the grill is of a high standard and is also very cheap for london. The hotel is very contemporary but is aimed towards the business traveller. It is starting to look slightly dated now, but is still a very good option for the price in london. i would also sugggest looking up the hoxton hotel or the Andaz near Liverpool st.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>slbPlymouth
<Content>amazing location this hotel has the most amazing location i have ever stayed at, the rooms are large clean and modern and we had a view of the london eye. (well the top of it) i chose this hotel for its proximity to the eye as we had tickets booked but was still amazed at how close it was to that and obveously the HOP if you take a right out of the hotel, walk around the corner and there it is!! the closest and easiest tube station is pimlico which is just a short walk away via the tate. the hotel its self was lovely with friendly staff and modern interior. we asked at the concierge for the best place to eat and ended up with his own map to guide us. highly reccomended hotel  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Toxic580
<Content>very good hotel The Westminster City Inn is in a quiet and (I think) safe location. It is about 5/10 minutes from the Pimlico tube station (Victoria line) and about 10/12 minutes from the Westminster tube.It is very handy for the main London sites.The hotel is easy to find (very near to the Tate Britain gallery - next door to a very tall office block. It is very close to the river Thames.We stayed in a suite room (13th floor). Like all rooms, we had superb floor to ceiling windows. We had a Thames view - definitely worth requesting a high floor and Thames view. Superb views throughout the stay. Heard no noise other than the occasional distant emergency services vehicle siren.The suite was of a good size - 6 foot wide bed in the main room, very good sized bathroom (full bath plus double sized shower). The other room was about the size of a European 4 star 'chain' hotel room. The room had a mini bar, Bose dvd/cd/radio plus two flat screen tvs.We had an additional bed for the second 'room'. The room was easily big enough to fit in the bed - the very large settees were also big enough to sleep on if needed.The room and the hotel were immaculately clean throughout.The hotel provides a free cd and dvd library (book your film early in the day to get best choices!).We only used the restaurant for breakfast - as part of the 'deal'. The usual charge for breakfast is 拢13.50 for continental buffet or 拢17.50 for the buffet plus a served hot plate - English breakfast. The range and quality of food was very good indeed. (we are veggies - loads of options).On arrival we (unexpectedly) received a number of hotel vouchers for free cocktails etc - very nice. (but see below). We were also (unexpectedly) offered a late checkout - 4pm.The 'perks' of vouchers, late check out and fruit/water in room seem to be linked to our booking of a suite - although the 'club rooms' may also get the same benefits I think.The hotel seems to have a wide range of deals / rates. We used the hotel website and then phoned to confirm. (we also received a confirmatory email). We confirmed a rate to include VAT (UK tax).Be warned that the hotel website quotes prices without VAT.(this is an additional 17.5%). The only slight 'problem' with the hotel was the checkout I guess. Our initial bill included the charges for the 'complimentary' drinks. It was quite difficult trying to get the hotel to accept that we had received the vouchers on checking in. Eventually these 'free' drinks were not charged for. I think that we perhaps should not have received the vouchers for the two days that we stayed - maybe we should have had them for just one? I still don't know.The bill also showed a charge of 拢100 per room extra per day. We were told that this was because we had a suite (costs an extra 拢100 per day). I showed my email booking confirmation to show the amount in the booking. The hotel honoured the emailed booking amount (ie - not the extra 拢100 per night).To conclude - this is an excellent hotel. I would have absolutely no hesitation in staying here again - or at any other hotel in the chain. If I was booking the hotel in the future I would definitely want the costs and details of my booking very clearly stated in writing in advance.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Simonr900
<Content>Great Weekend Break I've just returned from a great weekend in London and thought as I always look up the recommendations on this site it's about time I left my review! WHAT A FANTASTIC HOTEL!!I It makes a nice change to find a modern, contemporary hotel in London that doesn't break the bank! I booked this hotel as a surprise for my fiance and was a little worried about the location, but to my surprise it couldn't have been better. It was a 5 minute walk from Pimlico tube station or 10 minutes from Westminster station. Within 5 minutes of leaving the hotel we had stunning views of the London Eye and Westminster Abbey. If you get chance when checking in/booking make sure you request to be on as higher floor as possible! If your lucky they may even put you on the 13th where they've got all the suites! We stayed on the 12th floor and had a great view of Westminster Abbey and the London Eye, if you were on the otherside of the hotel you can look out over the Thames.Will definetley stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KatherineMc
<Content>Loved it! City Inn was fantastic, location was superb in a quiet street but a short walk to westminster abbey and surround, or victoria station. room was great, bed was comfortable, free dvd rental service was great as we stayed over christmas and everything was closed, so we were able to stay in our room and be occupied without feeling trapped. Views from lobby on 12th floor where we stayed are amazing. Staff could not have been more pleasant or helpful. Breakfast was FANTASTIC, great selection and prompt service. would absolutely not hesitate to stay at City Inn again. loved it  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wellingtonbrussels
<Content>Good place,good location We planned 2 days to do some shopping,theatre and the rest.We needed parking as well and that wasvon site at a reasobale rate.A clean modern hotel,attentive staff and good amenities.If you don't need restaurants etc on your doorstep,this is a good find,though within a 10 mins walk you have the sights if you want..We wandered through to Piccadilly and it took about 20-25mins.The bathrooms are a bit on the tight side,but the rooms are clean modern with plenty of gadgets.The staff are friendly,polite and we never felt uncomfortable.We booked for bed and breakfast and it was a pleasant change to have breakfast where the staff do the work ,instead of you jumping up and down like a jack in the box.Food is served at the table and tea is in the pot,rather than a tea bag and a pot of hot water.A refreshing experience for a central London hotel,with good rates and a good atmosphere.The staff training has paid off and the manager keeps a tight ship.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>walterlazymouse
<Content>fantastic wedding We held our wedding reception at City Inn Hotel Westminster and most of our guests stayed there. What a fantastic hotel, they made our wedding day everything we wanted it to be and more. We got married in Westminster register office and all met at the hotel first, my self and my partner had been upgraded to a suit as the bride and groom, what a lovely surprise and what a fantastic room, overlooking the London Eye and parliment we had a great view across London. The suites are very roomy with a large L shaped sofa, table and chairs, large bedroom and very large bathroom. The other guests stayed in City rooms which were also very nice indeed and what fantastic value for money. If anyone wants a great hotel, great location, with a great bar for very reasonable prices for central London then stay at the City Inn. If you want a wedding in central London as we did then the hotel was such a great choice. Of course we wanted our wedding day to be a day to remember and for us and all our guests and we certainly did, the food was excellent as was the service and the view we had from the Sky lounge where we had pre dinner drinks was breath taking, seeing all London lit up in front of us made for a great way to start the evening. I could not fault the hotel in any way for our wedding nor for the hotel service, I have no hesitation in giving it a 5, I would give it more if I could. Look forward to staying there again just because we liked it so much.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>stu_coates1
<Content>"Really Good Hotel... Great Atmosphere and amazing food!!" Booked up for a weekend for my girl friend and i over the christmas break. I think the title of this review says it all. Really great hotel! clean, modern and professional.... and very good value for money - We got two nights for 150.00 GBP... thought it was very reasonable.One night we had dinner at the hotels City Cafe restaurant... Although expenisve, definatly worth it... amazing food, good wine and great service.Located just round the corner of westminster, great location to go and see some sights.When i booked online, i requested a room with a river view and got exactly that... i was very please... We were the second to top floor and beleive me you can see some awesome views and sights from here!Will definatly be returning. Very impressed!Nb. We found that their own website was cheaper and had better deals than expedia or lastmin. com... something to bear in mind!Any questions, feel free to drop me a line!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>whitearrow
<Content>Good hotel in a good neighborhood       My friend in front of the closet/desk area -- 1 small drawer each in desk/closet area.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Matthotelreview
<Content>Comfortable / Stylish / Friendly and great value My wife and I (young couple) booked this hotel last minute through the hotels own website for a stay the same day (Jan 19th.) We both loved the place, its in a great part of London, about 15 minutes walk to Westminster tube but a very pleasant walk as you go past the houses of Parliament and Big Ben, Parliament Square and the River Thames on the way. The hotel is very modern and stylish, it has a comfortable and modern bar on the first floor nice restaurant downstairs and an outside patio area with cocktail bar and BBQ for the summer. The rooms were clean and comfortable with TV, minibar, DVD player and stereo system. There were some thoughtful touches like an ice bucket and real milk in the fridge rather than those nasty plastic pots. All in all for less then 拢100 a night this is a great value, great location and lovely modern hotel.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Robbie/stourbridge
<Content>excellant stay our 3rd stay here , in the past year got a deal with the winter in the city offer very good value , when we checked in they had given us comp upgrade to a suite , which was very nice ,had new furniture which was very stylish only grumble was the sofa ! you had to sit bolt upright side by side and could not relax hope they don`t put these in the other remodled rooms . the hotel is in a good location and very modern and stylish lobby and bar are really nice hallways clean and bright .our suite was spotless comp fruit and water , comp drinks in the bar , breakfast was good we went down at 10.00 am was quite busy still some people were disgruntled as waited a long time ,we had no problems and it was cooked to order ! which not a lot of hotels do now .all staff were helpful and efficiant , we had a great staty  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>sookee
<Content>Excellent hotel in great location Stayed one night here and was delighted. Booked on a discount website and got a great rate for a club room including full breakfast (otherwise 拢17.50), newspaper, fruit plate, mineral water and vouchers for drinks up to 拢9 each. Early check-in and check-out by 4 p.m. All staff were polite and professional. Room was modern and well appointed, (usual stuff plus Hi-fi, DVD player, iron etc.) and larger seating area than the standard room my son and girlfriend had. Small bathroom was spotless with good walk-in shower, White Company toiletries and comfy bathrobes and towels. Despite high floor, our dual aspect window only offered glimpses of London landmarks above the adjacent office blocks. Bonus at weekends is that free parking is allowed on streets by hotel and we were able to park right opposite hotel entrance. Short walk to Pimlico tube station and even shorter walk to Embankment, Tate Britain and not much further to Westminster Abbey - could not fault location. Very nice bar with lovely seating which served great cocktails (and coffee). Queue for a table at breakfast was efficiently processed by staff and food was delicious. Would definitely recommend and stay again.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>londonlad1
<Content>Clean and tidy, recommended Stayed here in January for a little get away and really enjoyed it. The Winter deal was good value considering it is up town, also with a nice breakfast included. ( and a glass of champagne in the bar between 6-8pm) The rooms are quite small but very nice and tidy. They also have a service in the lobby which allowes you to borrow a dvd or some music for your stay, with decent enough choice. As I say, for those wishing to visit London for the weekend, this would be a great choice. The only negatives were the bar prices, not too over the top but a bit expensive. Not sure what the lunch/dinner is like as we ate out. Also if you are down here for the weekend, or a tourist, it is a little bit out of the way, but only a short walk to the underground. They also have many cabs waiting outside.All in all a very good stay  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	3	5	

<Author>ell33
<Content>impressed Had a two night stay at this hotel recently and had a very enjoyable stay.The lobby is very spacious with a seating area with free newspapers directly opposite the check in desks. Check in itself was very quick - the staff were very friendly and chatty (and, as is the norm in the UK these days, all were Eastern European).The room itself was a spacious double room. All the usual stuff there - tea/coffee making facilities, toiletries and sky tv. The view from the bedroom window was typical of London - straight out onto surrounding office blocks. The 4th floor houses the hotel's fitness room, which consisted of three treadmills, two rowing machines and six other cardio machines. If you're into your weights then you'd be dissapointed as there were only two machines and no free weights. But it was quite a well stocked gym - no swimming pool though. Further down the hall (next to the elevators) is a computer with free internet access (I would also add that the room contained WI FI access too).The breakfasts were quite impressive - a choice of continental or cooked. The usual continental choice was laid out for you to choose whereas the staff would take your order for your cooked. The only negative I found was the wait to be seated - when we turned up at 0730 - 0800 the queues were long. I can't comment on evening meals, but the bar was ok - bit pricey but relaxed enough.Location wise it's about two blocks from Westminster away from the city centre - it's situated in a business area with only 1 pub nearby. Having said that, a short cab ride away you will find all the usual London attractions.A great hotel I would stay in again if I was in London for business (and I wasn't paying!). It was primarily occupied by business types and the prices reflected that. If I was to come back to London on pleasure I would probably look for alternative accommodation. Having said that I was impressed.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jgsSydney_Australia
<Content>Great friendly hotel I have stayed in London on business a few times in the last few years, but this hotel has been the best. It's modern, stylish and very well equipped e.g DVD CD players, free internet connection, and unlike a lot of older style London hotels everything works well- even the plumbing. Public areas are pleasant and comfortable (and free wi-fi), staff service exceptionally friendly and helpful, bar and restaurant both of good standard. Location is great too - 5-10 minutes walk to Westminster Abbey and the Houses of Parliament, and 2 minutes to the Tate British. Also close to Victoria Station and Bus Station. Can't think of any negatives - room service was excellent and prompt. Perhaps the bathrooms are a little small, and it might be nice to have a bath, but I didn;t really miss it, and the shower worked better than most.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lindale
<Content>Small room with a big punch! I have rather mixed opinions of this hotel based on my experience staying in a double room in January.I found the room to be much smaller than I am used to, with an even smaller bathroom 鈥?one of the smallest I have come across. It would certainly be a struggle to get two people in it at the same time.But what the room lacked in size, it made up for in other ways.The bed was one of the most comfortable I have slept in for a long time in a hotel. The TV, although very small, had lots of channels and a DVD player, with access to the hotel鈥檚 DVD library.There was also a CD/radio 鈥?again with access to the hotels CD library.The bathroom had a super power shower, plenty of big white towels and dressing gowns.The room contained smart furnishings, and was spotlessly clean.Apart from the tourist sites of this part of London (Tate, Westminster etc) there did not seem to be any thing around to do in the immediate area for the hotel guest 鈥?no restaurants, pubs etc, necessitating a tube ride to Victoria. The nearest tube station is a brisk 10 minute walk away.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	5	3	3	5	

<Author>USTraveller123
<Content>Good Hotel, Not Great It may be because I'm from the U.S. and the dollar is weak, but the hotel seemed a little expensive to me for what you get.The size of the bedroom was about what I expected, based on the location and the price, and it was well organized. The bathroom was very small. The bed was cheap and not particularly comfortable. Otherwise the furnishings were modern and in good condition.Service in the hotel was above average -- everyone was quite helpful.By European or British standards, the breakfast in the hotel was good but expensive. I ate dinner once and thought it was mediocre and overpriced.I probably wouldn't stay here again, largely because of the location. It wasn't convenient to where I was working, and the 10-15 minute walk to the Pimlico station got a little tiring.If you're walking back from the Pimlico station to the hotel, you'll pass an Indian restaurant, called Millbank Spice on Vauxhall. It was good and reasonably priced.Also, be sure and visit the Tate museum. It's almost next door to the hotel on John Islip and well worth a look.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	2	5	5	4	3	

<Author>rjIpswich
<Content>Fantastic in every respect I stayed at the City Inn with my girlfriend for her birthday. After being stranded because my previous hotel was flooded (!), I figured we'd get somewhere lovely instead. I ended up getting a suite on the top floor and it was incredible.The bathroom has a beautiful power shower and top-class toiletries and bath robes. You get a free cocktail each up to 拢9, there is a DVD player and 2 tvs with a sound system. There's free dvd rental downstairs.OK it was a suite and should have really been that impressive, but the general service was exceptional. There was a small problem with the TV that was immediately sorted out and the whole experience was brilliant.Any room in this great hotel is recommended for someone wanting a special weekend away.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>onlytravelsouth
<Content>Pretty good for the price My son and I stayed here one night, Jan 2, 2008. I was slightly disappointed considering the rave reviews on this website. On this same trip we had stayed at the Hyatt Churchill and the Premier Inn County Hall. The City Inn probably came in 2nd among these 3 hotels. Our room was smaller than the other 2 hotels. The flat screen TV is about 12 . Liked the stand in shower as UK tubs seemed very high to climb into. Room was quiet. It was nice to have a concierge who gave us a helpful map. The location was better than I expected as it was only a couple of blocks away from the Pimlico tube and it seemed a tolerable walk to Westminster from the hotel. Didn't eat at the hotel. For the advance purchase price that we paid is was a pretty good hotel. Also liked the free wireless internet.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>colin7629
<Content>Fantstic location and hotel Fantstic hotel in great location within walking distance of alot of London attractions. Subway was about a 10 minute walk away but it is through one of the smartest parts of London and goes by very quickly. Hotel rooms were clean, fresh and well stocked. Room service was fast efficient and reasonable. Only a 拢4 tray charge to get drink and food to the room whenver you want it. Reception was well attended and all the staff were very friendly and helpful. Will stay here again. ps, there was an iron and a few other useful bits and pieces in the room! Came in very handy.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lmc50
<Content>Oozes ambience Stayed at City Inn over the new year, and had a brilliant time. Check in was warm, friendly and efficient. Our car was parked for us, porters were excellent, and our request for room change ( for one with a city view), was dealt with immediatly, and with no fuss!!Room was clean, contemporary, all needs met and had fab views.Excellent lounge bar, somehow our order got waylaid on first evening and we were offered free drinks, even though we didn't feel we had waited very long and were happy just chilling out with complementary papers.Had to queue for breakfast, but never for longer than five minutes, and the wait was always worth it, every request was met, extensive menu, best bubble and squeak ever. The staff were always cheerful and attentive, we were often greeted by name and made to feel valued guests, would certainly return  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>letsmakeadeal
<Content>jazzy but small room with IKEA-like furnishing; a little disappointing Maybe I'm a little spoiled because I stay at nice hotels in many cities, but I was a little disappointed with the City Inn when I compare it to hotels I sometimes stay in. Relative to a Holiday Inn in Kensington or Kings Cross (both of which I stayed in during the same year), it was superior and vastly superior to the latter. But, relative to the Westin in Melbourne (where I stayed last month), it is a little disappointing. My client booked rooms at the City Inn and I ran a seminar there. The staff was reasonably helpful with regard to the seminar and the food served at our dinners was very good. The rooms seemed rather small, the furniture more like IKEA than classy, I like power showers and like the jazzy style, but it lacked a little below the surface. No big complaints, just not as great as many of the reviews seem to suggest.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	3	-1	3	5	

<Author>TRav100
<Content>Superb value Stayed 3 nights Dec 31st to 3rd Jan 2008 and what excellent value for the New Year in London. Staff were extremely helpful and friendly and checking in was a breeze.The room and bathroom was small but not too bad - it had everything we needed. Fridge had real milk and there was a good selction of quality beverages and biscuits. Iron  board and a powerful hairdryer were included as was a decent size safe. Bathroom had White Company goods and they were restocked eacjhday along with large fluffy towels.There was a CD and DVD Player with complimentary use of music and film library.We booked the VIP room which was well worth the small extra fee - we got a basket of fruit on arrival, large bottle of mineral water each day, maid service twice per day, 2 newspapers and best of all 2 vouchers each day of the stay worth 拢9.75 each towards drinks in the Millbank Lounge - we treat ourselves to 2 nice cocktails each night before going out.The public areas were lovely, very modern and spacious. The Millbank Lounge is lit by candles and has great little private booths that you can reserve. We didn't eat at the City Cafe Restaurant but it looked really nice - meals specials at quieter times of the year are about 拢17.50 for 3 courses (not at New Year though).The area is Westminster and short walks bring you to the Lambeth Bridge and Big Ben and Houses of Parliament - its lovely at night and felt quite safe as there were lots of policemen in this area because of security. Two tube stations but nearest is probably Pimlico about a good 5 minutes walk to the hotel but goes direct from Euston Station.You do have to leave immediate area to get to restaurants but there was a lovely Pizza Express on the corner of the City Inn Hotel - more upmarket than most PE I have seen - food was good and the wine is reasonable for London (拢3 glass) and it had some very good wine on the menu. Staff were excellent too.Two final points - the NY Fireworks were spectacular and well worth a visit, but wrap up warm as you have to get onto the embankment by about 9pm so its a long wait - but atmosphere good and musci palying to keep the crowd happy. if you want food bring your own because there was only one place close selling food and the queues wer a mile long (no hamburger/hotdog sellers were there). Toilet queues were also long. NY Day has a huge parade which is well worth seeing as well.Avoid Restaurant chain Grand India 1  2 near Trafalar Square - food is awful, staff is even worse. We got ripped off big time and the waiters were like salesmen trying to bump up what you order but were not interested after that.Any queries about London - just ask?  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>jerseyfirst-timer
<Content>Great value We booked well in advance direct through the hotel's website and got a double room (no breakfast) for around 拢80 which is great considering the quality of the hotel and the location. We arrived at around 11.30am and were allowed to check-in straight away which was great as I was expecting to be told to come back later nearer the official check in time of mid-afternoon. The room was lovely and clean, no view but we didn't spend much time in there. The most important element was that it was extremely quiet, perfect for getting to sleep and staying asleep! The only reason I haven't given this a five star review is because we were given two single beds pushed together rather than a proper double bed but this was not a major inconvenience.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EricaBl
<Content>excellent value This hotel is very good value with an excellent breakfast delivered to your room for a very small charge.We stayed in a double and had an extra bed added for our 5 year old (free of charge!).The room was clean and comfortable and the staff were very efficient. Good value and pretty central.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Insightful
<Content>State of the art hotel beside the Tate Britain Gallery This is a recently built hotel with all of the modern design touches (including flat screen television, ergonomic power shower and bed made in heaven) which make the bedrooms very comfortable. Having paid a reasonable Euro 177 all in for the room, I stayed at City Inn on the night of the 20th of December. I was famished after my jouney and ordered the Suffolk pork belly with stir fry vegetables + a beer for circa 拢20 through room service. The food was really delicious and the same was true of the cooked breakfast which they delivered to the room, together with a complimentary Financial Times, the following day. Check in staff were warm and welcoming. And, when my television went on the blink, they sent someone to fix it within five minutes. The hotel itself is a good place to be, with a large and lively lobby and a busy bar and restaurant. Sadly, I was not allocated a riverview room. But I think they give these rooms to their regular customers. Which is only fair, in all the circumstances.The location is a little off the beaten track. If not travelling by taxi, you can get there via Pimlico tube on the Victoria line. When you exit the tube station, you follow the signs for the Tate Britain gallery. You turn right onto Vauxhall Bridge Road and follow it for a couple of hundred metres until you reach John Islip Street. You follow this long winding street for about 600 metres until you reach the City Inn (which is literally a hundred metres up the road from Tate Britain). As you walk towards the hotel, you will see Labour Party HQ at Millbank as a landmark on your right hand side. Just stayed here for one night because the Sofitel St James were offering rooms at Euro 199 a night for the nights of the 21st and 22nd of December. Although the City Inn is not quite in the same league as the five star Sofitel, it was still a very relaxing place in which to spend the evening of the 20th of December last.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>surprisedguest
<Content>Fantastic service, location but rather soggy eggs for breakfast! I have to be honest I knew I would be slightly ripped off by the exorbitant prices over New Year's Eve, but was pleasantly surprised. The hotel was the perfect location for heading down to the Embankment to watch the fireworks. I booked a club room - 1017 (you pay an extra 拢20 ppn) and you get a free drink in the bar, newspaper, fruitbowl etc - probably a little excessive so would recommend people to get a standard room and not pay the difference - I don't think it was good valueThe service was fantastic, the staff were helpful, amiable, pleasant and not at all stuffy. There were only two points that let the hotel down in my book - firstly the pair of mens socks that were in the drawer that had obviously been ignored from the cleaning - if you get this room it may be worth checking if they are still there!The second area that let it down was the over soggy scrambled eggs for breakfast which ruined an otherwise top notch breakfast - so we asked for poached eggs instead and they cooked them fresh for us - exemplary service!I have to be honest, I have been ripped off by many hotels in London before charging too much and delivering very little - but this hotel was without doubt the best I have stayed in!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>JLD71
<Content>Great hotel! As soon as we stepped out of the Taxi (yes, we could have walked from Victoria Station, or Plimico tube.... but it was raining....and we did have a MASSIVE suitcase....honest!) we were greeted by the smiling concierge who escorted us to the front desk. It was New Years Eve so the hotel was buzzing. First impressions - yep, we liked what we saw. Attentive staff; modern and clean reception - but more importantly - smiling customers! Not a miserable face in the place (this could have been due to the enormous amounts of alcohol being consumed in the upmarket bar....but hey).We had booked a club room - this meant we could check in from 11am and depart the next day at 4pm!!! FANTASTIC - (we would need those additional hours to recover from the great cocktails we later consumed in the sleek, but not OTT Millbank lounge...)Our room (1231) was clean, had a mini-bar, CD and DVD player - which we took advantage of as the hotel has a DVD collection! (nice touch: ice machine on each floor!) No bath, but great shower.We'd booked the hotel in October and had asked for a RIVER VIEW so we could watch the fireworks... Guest Services had informed us that from our room we could easily see the fireworks.... IF ONLY WE HAD BEEN IN A ROOM ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE HOTEL....In our drunken state, we switched the television on, turned the sound to mute and listened to the amazing sound of the Mayor of London's firework display...the reflection of the fireworks on the building opposite didn't have quite the same effect we were looking for....but hey, who cares?? (We took some amazing photos of the fireworks from the TV and have showed everyone we took them from our hotel window...just don't tell anyone...ok??)If we had known, we would have taken advantage of the Sky Lounge session = 拢35 per person for champagne and canapes from 11:30pm to 1am - amazing views across London...oh well, always next year!Breakfast was from 7am until 2pm - only virtually everyone staying in the hotel decided to wander down to breakfast at 11am - the staff were great; offering out orange juice to a load of hungover customers standing/wobbling in the queue - well done City Inn!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Moycey
<Content>Fantastic stay but let themselves down on breakfast A fantastic modern hotel with extremely friendly and attentive staff. The rooms themselves, although no view from my room at least, as overlooked a certral courtyard / roof area (room 242), was lovely with all the mod cons as described. The free DVD / CD library and all other little attention to details items in the room were truely fantastic.I ate at the City Cafe restaurant in the evening and although alittle pricey, it was well worth it as the food was superb - liver. I didn't expect the service charge to be automatically added to the bill at 10%, which it was and would have liked the option to give the tip as I felt appropriate. This trend also re added service charge was throughout the hotel even in the bar where I had got my drink from the bar myself! I didn't really mind though if I'm honest as the experience was worth it.My only dissappointment of which I warn others not to get caught out as I did - if there is a queue for the breakfast main area, DO NOT allow staff to direct you to the upstairs alternative dining area. The choice of foods was very minimal and you had to serve yourself - whereas in the main restaurant, it was as you would expect, waiter/waitress service and comprehensive breakfast menu - complaint gone in today re this.Overall, I would stay again definately as was a lovely hotel.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hdmc
<Content>Lovely stay here We booked through Superbreak for a theatre break, and we had a fantastic stay! Me and my partner loved the hotel and the modern theme. The staff were so helpful, we were told we could check in after 2pm but we called up that morning and they managed to find us a room early and we got our keys at 10.30 am! The room was small but everything was perfect so it didnt matter. Again, the bathroom was tiny, but absolutely lovely, with complimentary products from the white company. In the room there was a hairdryer, a kettle, a mini fridge, drinks, an ironing board, and iron, a cd player, a tv, a dvd player...Breakfast was rather nice with a lovely selection, and again the service down there was fab. We left early the next morning, and collected our bags later without a problem. Pimlico tube was about a 10 minute walk away, so not too far, and the area of the hotel was so quiet and lovely, about 5 mins from tate galllery. A lovely stay, and id probably go again...  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Trumbles
<Content>Highly Recommand My partner and I stayed at this hotel as part of a package with the web site company 'show and stay' for the first time. It was my first trip to London and like many other reviews I can not really fault this hotel. It was clean, chic and the staff were very helpful. The breakfast was also nice. I can not comment on the evening menu as a little expensive and fancy for our liking. We Would definately stay there again. It is a shame the hotel was not on the list for 'show and stay ' this time round as returning to London In January 08.  Anyway hopefully someone else finds this review helpful as in my view if you are going as a couple or on a business trip you will struggle to find any hotel for the price as nice and trendy as this one.You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>watpar
<Content>Not everything is perfect Stayed five days during December and probably Thirty during the last six months.Strong points. Clean well equipped Business style bedrooms, One of the best breakfasts in London in this price bracket, prompt reception service, solid location for Westminster. Good restaurant and service.Weak points. Noisy air conditioning system even when turned off, they are realising they are popular and prices drifting steadily up. The rooms are starting to look very used and some of the corridors battered and bruised.Worthy of a high rating but may start to slide on room standards  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>123travellerUK
<Content>stylish! Very clean, calm and stylish hotel. Staff were always on hand to help, and always had a smile on their face! Our party booked 3 rooms, all of which were a good size, comfortable and spotlessly clean. The bathrooms were on the small side but we didn't find this a problem. The lighting in the hotel is soft - it is a relaxing place to stay! Breakfast was good too. The prices on the website seem to change from time to time so it's worth keeping an eye on them. In terms of location the hotel is about 10-15 min walk from houses of parliament.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>AlanandTracey
<Content>Fantastic Probably one of the best hotels we have ever stayed in. Loads of helpful,friendly staff to assist you with anything and everything. Rooms are spotless with free cd and dvd rental. Breakfast was out of this world and included cooked items, smoothies, smoked salmon and cream cheese bagels, ham and cheese croissants and bacon and gruyere wraps. Will definitely stay here every time we visit London. Walked down to Victoria which took about 30 mins and booked on the day for Billy Elliott. Got fantastic seats for 拢25 each.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>swancml
<Content>Faultless I can鈥檛 really add anything to the positive reviews that have already been submitted on this hotel. Just like to say that staff were friendly and attentive, the breakfasts and bar snacks were excellent and the rooms, although simple were of a very high quality. All in all a great stay and exceptional value for money compared to other London hotels. If I ever need to stay in London again would not hesitate to re-book the City Inn.One tip, book direct through the company website as this saved me 拢70 on a 2 night stay compared to some of the leading online hotel reservation sites.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Juan45
<Content>A great place to stay This is the second time we've stayed here and we'd certainly go back. The hotel is a modern purpose-built building close to the river and the Tate, and is well served by buses and the underground. The staff are really friendly and generally efficient.The rooms are clean, spacious and comfortable - no bath but a great shower. Class toiletries (The White Company). Breakfast is good - continental buffet and hot food brought to the table if you want it. I arrived very late and had room service cod and chips which was astonishingly good.Our room overlooked a courtyard and was very quiet, but I don't suppose there is ever much noise as the building is set back away from the main road.There is a modern style cafe with a good menu. We didn't eat there so can't comment on the quality. A stylish bar where they serve a complimentary drink on arrival (possibly depending on the deal)They even lend you an umbrella if it is raining! All in all a very pleasant stay.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CatParis
<Content>A good choice We stayed at this hotel by chance, as the other two originally planned were fully booked. We enjoyed our stay, and will probably be back again. It's near Pimlico tube station (5-10 min walk), on the Victoria line. We realised later that there is a bus that stops just outside the hotel (number 88) and that goes to Piccadily, so very handy! Staff were friendly and efficient, room was spacious, clean, modern, comfortable, breakfast was also very good... The Tate is literally just around the corner.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>AndyT123
<Content>great hotel great staff This was our second visit in the past 12 months. This time we were there for our anniversary. On our arrival we were welcomed back by the staff and then once we had got ourselves settled we were given a complimentry bottle of wine. Due to my wife just coming out of hospital and not being able to walk far, the staff made sure that a cab was always on hand for us especially on the evenings we were going to the theatre. Nothing is too much trouble day or night. The rooms and corridors are always clean and the food is great. If you need a base for a few days or a week this is the place. Its close to the river,parliment and all the main tourist sites.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>da33431
<Content>Best value hotel In London I have stayed at the City Inn twice now and it is by far the best hotel pound for pound in London. Everything about the place is welcoming from the entrance through to the bedrooms.The staff on reception are extremely polite, the second time I booked in the receptionist welcomed me back and told me they were glad to see me again - a nice touch. I booked a Club Room and was given 2 vouchers for drinks up to 拢9.75 each, and on arrival to the room there was a lovely fruit basket waiting. The rooms are spacey and extremely comfortable - it has a modern LCD TV with a DVD player connected and there is a also a stereo in the room for which you can hire DVD's.The Millbank Lounge is the hotel's bar and is lit in a glorious red way that does take a a little while to adjust to. The staff serve drinks to your table, although be warned the prices are a tad high and it's probably not the best place value in the area. I cannot comment on the restaurant as I tend to eat out at restaurants.I will certainly be going back again and again, it is served well by bus and night bus, and Pimlico tube is only 5 mins walk away. Indeed you can walk to Victoria Coach station on a nice day.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	4	

<Author>devilgirl666
<Content>Great hotel location - Need to improve waiting staff This hotel makes a great base for exploring London as a tourist or as a business traveller, with good access to the shops and bars/restaurants. Taxis are available outside the hotel at all times and only a 10 minute walk from houses of parliament - where you can get the London tour buses which are a fantastic way to see the city.On arriving at the hotel, we were greeted by a reception of 5 very friendly and helpful staff members. The entrance area was very clean and tidy and the check in process was quick and easy.Our bedroom and bathroom were incredibly clean with top quality (The white company) bathroom accessories. The bed however was very soft and on inspection very old. We mentioned this in the feedback form that was completed at the end of our stay, we received an e-mail apology in which they informed us that the beds were due to be replaced.We had room service on 2 of our 3 nights at the City Inn - the service was quick and friendly, although the food was lovely our order was short of a side item on one occasion.We had lunch on our first day at the hotel restaurant, my husband ordered the Seafood paella and got Mussels and Chips (!) We told the waitress of her mistake and she reordered the Paella for us, but this meant waiting a further 10 minutes for his main while mine went cold. The Maitre 'D came over and apologised to us and gave us 2 free glasses of wine. The same waitress (Whose English was not that good) made the same mistake at the table next to us, they ordered 2 salads and got 2 salmon!So although the stay itself was very good at the City Inn, the waiting staff needs to be improved. The atmosphere in the restaurant was austere and the waiting staff were too attentive at times, as we were being asked after every mouthful if every thing was OK!I would recommend the City Inn to tourists and business travellers, However, I wouldn't bother with the restaurant - just order room service instead!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	3	5	

<Author>Clair22
<Content>Excellent Excellent location for touring the city. Great facilities, good room, efficient service. Excellent value for money and will certainly stay here again. Can highly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carly88111
<Content>go here for a great time this is the second time me and my boyfriend have come to london and this time was the best! really lovely hotel the staff were polite and helpful and gave us a free map as we had left ours at home. havent got a bad word to say about this hotel really lovely and woud stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Clootie
<Content>Great hotel, particularly if you can get a good deal I stayed two nights in the City Inn while in London for business, and thought it was a great hotel, and a lovely stay from start to finish.The whole hotel just looks great. The reception area is very stylish, with staff keen to help call you a taxi or take care of your luggage. Everything was clean, maintained and new looking. The room was attractive, and very well equipped. Good closet space and desk, and extremely fast internet connection for my laptop. The room overlooked office buildings, so you needed the net curtains shut - but this is London, and views are few and far between. And the bathroom only had a shower, whereas I like a bath when travelling to unwind the muscles. But these were minor quibbles.I didn't try breakfast, as it wasn't included in my rate, but the in room tea and coffee facilities were great, and you got lovely tasting biscuits each day, which were breakfast enough.I tried the gym one morning- as it was laid out in a room, it took me a minute to find all the machines, and I had a minor panic that there were no treadmills. But it was actually very well equipped with high quality machines.Location wise, it was handy for where I needed to be, and easy enough to get into the centre. There's a bus stop out the back of the hotel, which will get you to Trafalgar Square in the time it takes to walk to Pimilico underground.Book ahead to get a good rate. I left it a little too late, and had to pay 40% more for one night than the other.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>adoptforlove
<Content>Loved It! The hotel was clean and very hip. The staff here are extremely friendly and very helpful. We were made to feel like royalty the minute we stepped out of the cab by everyone from housekeeping to restraunt waitstaff to the conceirge. This is definitely a 4-star hotel with 5+ star service.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MooseYard
<Content>Return trip to City Inn - still excellent We first stayed at the City Inn in June 2006, and you can read my full review if you scroll back to then :-). We chose it then from recommendations from colleagues at work, and also from Tripadvisor.And it is still excellent! It's still excellent value for money, and is an oasis of peace and calm in the heart of london's Westminster district. Yes, it is a little tucked away in the business district behind Millbank Tower, but this means that you get peace and quiet away from the manic-ness of the West End. but it's still only a 10 minute walk to Pimlico Station (Victoria Line) and 5 minutes down to the Thames (its almost on the side of the Thames). And if you really feel like walking its only a brisk 20 min walk to Buckingham Palace! So you have the best of both worlds - near to stuff, yet peaceful, leafy and pleasant.The hotel itself still provides high levels of customer service, the front desk staff couldn't be more helpful! And we still like the 'City Inn' style rooms above more traditional hotel rooms (more an advert for Habitat and Ikea than dull hotel furniture!!) a fresh and modern approach that its competitors don't seem to have caught onto yet! (which is all the better for City Inn!). We tried some room service this time - i had the home made burger and it truly was a home made beef patty of a burger - huge and really really tasty! And not that overpriced for London either!It's the only place we stay in London now - you are guaranteed a high level of service for the reasonable rates, and peace and quiet (yet close connections to the attractions) and you certainly get a lot more for your money than at bigger hotels who charge more in London. Keep up the good work City Inn!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lynnev
<Content>fabulous hotel Fabulous hotel, very efficient staff, smart room with everything you could ever need in it. Peaceful at night, fab breakfast, but the best thing about the hotel would have to be the staff, very friendly and I intend to return.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rdr
<Content>City Inn, Westminister, London I found the staff extremely helpful; and they allowed me a late check out on my last day without charge. The rooms are well equipped and clean. The service in the bar and restaurant was good.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sazzle114
<Content>Superb location ! My husband and I stayed there this weekend (27th Oct) - had no problems checking in, nice staff and even managed to park at the hotel. The fee was 拢20 which we thought was reasonable. Hotel room was nice and clean with lovely toiletires by the White Company. We had upgraded to a club room so had a fruit platter and water but the chocolates were missing !! The bathroom is very small but enough room to do your business. The towels are very soft !Breakfast was nice with a good choice but very busy so get there early. We had late check out so checked out at 3pm. Rather rude check out staff who looked at me like something on her shoe when i objected to her charging me for the breakfast that was actually included in our rate. I had to go to the car park to get my confirmation out of the car. It kind of put a dampner on what was otherwise a superb weekend, hence the reason for my rating. Not only do first impressions matter, so do the last impressions.Great location !!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>Mona1609
<Content>Great Hotel!!! This is a fantastic hotel and I recommend the City Inn to everyone I know. So far no one has been let down by them. The rooms are great and the location is brilliant.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Myrtyl
<Content>Great Autumn break We stayed on the 13th floor in one of the suites which we managed to get at a reduced rate (even at full price these are great value with stunning view and plenty of space)Plenty of staff on reception, friendly and helpfulHad no problems with complimentary champagne although the bar it is served in does get very busyThe breakfast is excellent and much better than a buffet - wide choice of items (we had to have buffet brekfast the following day due to a fire alarm causing some technical problems in the kitchen)It is well worth getting the inclusive package - and go for a suite if you canThe hotel itself is in a very quiet area, but handily placed, equidistant between Pimlico and Westminster tubes (also on bus routes)There's also a Pizza Express just round the corner if you don't want to go too far out to dineOther than being evacuated on Sunday morning into a cold autumn morning due to the fire alarm, a great stayDefinitely would go back  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>RozzieUK
<Content>So good ive returned several times!       Bedroom  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>triptolondon
<Content>they always fall down in the same area This was probably our 5th stay here- and once again they let us down in the same area- the food. We love the hotel, the rooms, the late checkout etc but consistenly the food and service in the restaurant is appalling. I think everytime we've visited they've lost our breakfast order- we've never had to wait less than 30minutes for coffee or food- sometimes up to an hour. We thought it might have improved now that they've changed how it's run (hot food no longer a buffet) but no such luck. It really is the 1 area they let themselves down on- and there seems to be no excuse or reason for it.I'd recommend staying here for the rooms, the location etc but do not pay the (not cheap) extra for the breakfast! simply find somewhere else to eat and enjoy your stay all the more. (and we'll ignore the fact that the cleaner managed to leave someone else's dirty flannel in our bathroom at one point!)  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	2	5	2	-1	

<Author>milledyn
<Content>Best hotel I have ever tried in London Have stayed in many, many hotels in London, and this is the best in this price-range. The staff at guest services are so helpful, the rooms are spacious by London standards and well equipped with free internet, dvd's on loan for free, good room service menu. The location is great if you've been to London a few times and don't want to do the traditional tourist things, but Westminster tube is a 10 minute walk away and it is a very beautiful walk. Will definitely stay here again  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NajEssex
<Content>Disappointed Had a Autumn Weekend break as per website, one adult and one child, this inlcudes free english and continental breakfast, complimentary newspapers and glass of champers on first night arrival. in Millbank lounge.Had to ask for this and was made to feel most guest do not ask.City Inn restaurant, our waiter was very condescending and impatient with my son, it was a Saturday night and early, the restaurant was not that busy. He wanted to take the plate away before I'd finished and kept asking what room number we were staying in. Wether it's because they are not used to a single parent and child who is very well behaved staying in this class of hotel I'm not sure.On checking out they tried to charge full rate and 拢17.50 ea for breakfast and newspapers. I had to point out that I'd booked the Autumn weekend break which included both of the above, to which they finally agreed.I will say that this hotel was very clean, well presented if a little formal, the food was of a high standard and facilities excellent.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>2	3	5	4	5	3	1	3	

<Author>coloskier33
<Content>Great London Hotel My friend and I recently stayed at this hotel and it was fantastic! Very well appointed and incredibly spacious especially by UK standards and even by US. The restaurant was delightful. Very posh and a delight to look forward to. Service was friendly. Just a few blocks from the nearest tube stop, Westminster Abbey and Parliament on a nice quite street. Just a block or so from the Tate Britain. This may be primarily a business hotel, but it is really great for a weekend leisure getaway. The lobby itself is almost an art gallery in it's own right. Staff was efficient, friendly, helpful and approachable. Would definitely return.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sjsa
<Content>Loved this place! Stayed at this hotel in June 2006 - was attending a conference nearby. Well, in all my experiences in London (ranging from the youth hostel to the Mandarin Oriental over the years!) this is my favourite. The location is not absolutely ideal for a tourist (though nicely close to the Tate and Westminster) but after years of seeing what London hotel rooms were like my jaw dropped when I walked in the room! SPACE!! A double bed on a single rate booking! With room to move around! The decor was new, everything looked spotless. Only slight quibble for some people might be that there is only a shower, not a bath as well (not sure if all the rooms are like this) but everything was clean, there was room to move, all amenities on hand. Some staff were friendly, others less so, but overall, a great stay.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>quercus_magnus
<Content>Nice Splurge After two weeks on the continent we went for a spurge at this, what appears to be a primarly business hotel, modern property. Great decision. London is without a doubt a horribly expensive city, and hotels are part of that expense. If you are a tourist, you can easily get over having all the suits around; no one seemed to care we dressed casual for travel. Room was spacious, clean, bright, great view. Lounge was nice; restaurant was also nice, but breakfast didn't seem to be a good value. Guest services staff was excellent. Checked out DVD's, borrowed umbrellas, received great directions. The hotel is actually convenient to tube stops and is only a ten or so minute pleasant walk to Westminster Abby.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ModgeW
<Content>Smiling Staff Can't add anything more to the reviews below concerning, food, cleanliness, beds, location etc - all perfect, but what I can add is that it is the first hotel in UK that i have stayed in where all the staff smile and acknowledge you and look like they are enjoying their job. They can't do enough to help you. I stayed for a long weekend with my daughter and my friend and her daughter who was 21 during the stay. The hotel had arranged a huge 21st card, helium balloon and bottle of champagne in the room on arrival which was a lovely surprise for us all and set the mood for the weekend. A special thanks to Enoch the Concierge who was wonderful - from taking photos of us all, to calling taxis and for offering to give us a print out of the restaurant we were about to go to. He is a star! Management should be very proud of the staff and make sure they keep a hold of them.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mooshai
<Content>Consistent and excellent My 6th trip there and on all points it remains an efficient, well run property. Tourists used to American hotels might complain about the size of the bathroom or narrow windows are not used to UK accomodations.  This is a modern, classy, trendy, but generous property. First class restaurant, great bar, good sized rooms, decent health club, and perfect location for tourists. (And a decent location for business travelers, especially if you have meetings spread out around the City, West End, and Chelsea/Knightsbridge.)  Strongly recommend it - a much better alternative than the traditional British property with tiny slow elevators and bad food.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>FondofTravel
<Content>Wonderful amenities and service We stayed for two nights at the City Inn Westminster and loved it. The rooms are really nice with good bathrooms. The service levels are very high. We received good recommendations for dinner from the concierge. It's an easy walk to Westminster Abbey and the London Eye from the hotel. For serious tube travellers it is a little far. It's a good 7 minute walk to the Pimlico tube station. We had two amazing dinners in London: Richard Corrigan at the Lindsay House (very expensive, but delicious) and Anchor and Hope Pub near the Old Vic (very good).We would definitely stay at the City Inn Westminster again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ColScotland
<Content>Highly recommended This hotel is excellent. Location is very central but quiet and perfect for westminster, houses of parliament, big ben, downing street (5 minute walk), london eye (10 min walk). Rooms are bright, modern and spotless. Staff are very friendly. Breakfast is great with everything from fresh fruit, yoghut, cereals, pastries, muffins, cheese, ham, smoothies and juices to a full cooked english breakfast. Would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone. I booked through hotel's own website for best deal.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RJ_70
<Content>Exceptional! We spent a long weekend here in August and were thoroughly impressed! As regular visitors to London, we've stayed in lots of different hotels there ranging from big chains geared up for business travellers to small guest houses. This is undoubtedly the best that we've experienced.The rooms are light, airy and clean, the beds are extremely comfortable. I can honestly say that I've never seen such a range of food on offer for breakfast - smoothies, wraps, pastries, fruit as well as some of the more usual fare.The hotel is a short walk from the Houses of Parliament and Westminster Abbey and so also convenient for the Underground, buses, etc.Thoroughly recommended! You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>MrGood
<Content>Excellent Location and Good Price, for London. The city inn is one road back from the Thames and a very short walk away from The Palace at Westminster and its tube stations. The hotel is modern and quite flash. I stayed here twice in August, once for two nights and the other for seven. On my second stay I had a room on the 10th floor which had a nice view over West London.The room was well fit out and clean. The airconditioning worked well and the bathroom, though small, did an excellent job. The power shower worked well and was refreshing after a day in the dirt of the city. Another bonus is the internet is free (wireless in public areas and with a cable in the room). Newspapers were provided daily and the desk staff seemed eager to help. They had a good DVD library for a night in and the restaurant did good breakfast and a nice dinner. The roomservice food was good and fast.For the location, services and rooms, this hotel is worth staying at for the price. Compared to whats availible for a few pounds less this place really stands out. It offers many of the services to a same or better quality as the more expensive hotels in London. Overall, not a single complaint. I'd happily stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>LozEngland
<Content>Great! My husband and I have just spent the weekend at the City Inn. The hotel is very modern, clean, spacious and the staff were great. Someone was always around to provide a helping hand whether it was info on how to get somewhere, ordering taxis etc.The hotel is situated in a great location. 5 mins walk from numerous visitor attractions; The Houses of Parliament, Big Ben, London Eye, Aquarium etc. We walked to most places during our weekend break or got the tube from Westminster. In the evenings we got a taxi to and from Covent Garden and The Savoy and it costs just under 拢10.We only had breakfast in the hotel as we had already made arrangements before arriving in London but the food was excellent and there was a great choice for breakfast. I would defiantly stay at this hotel again when we return to London.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>elljay20
<Content>fantastic having read a lot of good reviews on here, i was looking forward to my stay. i was not dissapointed at all. staff were very friendly and although there was an issue with checking in it was resolved quickly and we were given free drinks vouchers to compensate. Also on the 2nd day both the rooms i'd booked recieved complimentary champagne!! hotel is very clean and we really enjoyed our stay  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	3	4	4	

<Author>teithiwrSouthWales
<Content>Has biz warrier got the right hotel? I cannot believe that any of the comments by bizwarrier regarding his/her stay at the City Inn, Westminster can be true. I have stayed there on a number of occasions and have never been able to find a fault with either the room or the service. In fact the staff have always been most helpful and the rooms immaculate.At breakfast there is a wonderful choice of food and the evening meal in the restaurant was delicious, with great service.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bizwarrior
<Content>Awful and mean place I am at LHR and writing this because no one should stay here.I was booked here for business and the staff are truly the worst of the any experience I've had.*room not cleaned for 4 days*wrong directions given constantly*missed theatre b/c they refused to get me taxi*refused to mail package within London*refused to let me know car service waiting for me*endless wait for breakfast*aggressive staff (knocked 4 or 5 times although i said clearly to wait)*Porters are rude and awfulPlease, please book somewhere else. Tons of americans  canadians and they are there to take fleece you.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>BrazzzBelllzzz
<Content>Good choice for short term stay Checked out the reviews about this hotel on TripAdvisor before booking and was greatly heartened by the comments from other users. I knew exactly what to expect and wasn't disappointed. From the moment we got out of the cab, one of the hotel staff, Philippe, was there to greet us with a cheery Hallo! and to assist with our bags. He waited patiently as we were checked in by the front desk. Service was swift, efficient, friendly and informative. I requested  immediately received the loan of a cable for the internet and a converter plug for my laptop. Later, I discovered that my laptop was unnecessary since there was complimentary internet access on public computers on each floor, as well as in the business centre. The room is a perfect size for a short stay since we were only there for 2 nights and didn't need to unpack our suitcases. Our friends were also able to book a room steps away from our own, so it was convenient. Although we didn't opt for the breakfast plan, our friends did, and they told us it was delicious. I was able to taste one of their spinach  feta muffins, and it was really yummy; made me wish I'd opted for the breakfast plan. If you think you might want breakfast, then it's better to book it online along with your room booking, especially if you can get the package deal. Otherwise, it's 17.50 pounds per person at the hotel. Everything was clean and well maintained. Bed is soft and not firm, so a bit of a back ache in the mornings. Shower is clean. Found a hair in our bed when we first got there, but no worries! Just brushed it off and good as new. One thing though, I think the bed was missing a bedspread since there was only the fitted sheet and the quilt. I prefer to have a bedspread between the quilt and the bedsheet. Also, there was no view from our window (we faced the other side of the hotel), but who cares?! We weren't there to stay in our rooms. They have a great DVD and CD selection that's complimentary for guests to borrow. If you find that the hotel's restaurant is a bit expensive, there's a Pizza Express restaurant right at the back, and just a short walk away on Horseferry Rd is a pub, and there's even a Gregg's bakery (it was closed when we were there) about a 10 minute walk away. We didn't want anything in the mini-fridge, plus it was too expensive, so we went to Costcutters instead. It's a convenience store just a 5 min walk away. The hotel is ideally situated about a 20 min walk from Westminster Abbey and Parliament. We took the Underground late on Saturday night and opted to walk from Westminster Station, which only took us about 20 mins (once we figured out which way to go). Check out was a breeze and literally took less than 5 minutes. I'd definitely stay at this hotel again. The service deserves more than 5 stars, especially since the staff remembered our names even on our last day! Especially Philippe who was such a dear throughout. The soft bed doesn't make this a good choice for a long term stay, but it's an excellent choice for a short term period. My friends recommended LondonTown and it had the best rates on the net. I also received a helpful welcome package with a London A-Z book included. I'd use that website again next time I visit London. Can't wait to go back. Love that city.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>brookbridge
<Content>Nice hotel, but........... Have just returned from a London weekend staying at The City Inn. Reception staff were very courteous and welcoming. Booked a Club package which has additional facilities, such as early check in and late check out, a free drink in the bar for every night staying, fruit bowl and superior toiletries. Unfortunately, these were not present in the room on arrival but after comment, the fruit appeared. Toiletries never did turn up. A minor niggle perhaps. Room size was adequate, well furnished and very clean as one would expect. Bed comfortable but sleep disturbed on first night as air conditioning hummed and throbbed, even when turned off. Second night we bought earplugs. Public areas very pleasant. Did not use the restaurant but ate out. Location in a pleasant area, mainly government offices empty at weekends. Walking distance to Westminster, river, Eye etc. Locked out of room on check out day, card entry had been cancelled despite 'Club' late facility. Door opened by staff with apologies. Bill had incorrect entry, charging for breakfasts in restaurant not even visited. Item immediately removed on complaint. Despite the above, we would revisit and recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jimboprof
<Content>Great hotel in a great location We stayed for 3 nights at less than 75 pounds a night and we were thrilled with the hotel. It is located within a five minute walk of Westminster Abbey and the Parliament buildings. Our room was modern with funky furnishings although it was a bit small. The washroon and shower facilities were excellent. The room was very clean and serviced daily. Air conditioning and heating worked fine. Service from the staff was friendly and helpful. A nice touch was the supply of free DVDs for viewing in the room. Free wireless internet access was available in the lobby and wired access was available in the room. We did not like the hotel bar very much as it seemed a bit pretentious but there were several excellent pubs in the immediate area.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>wenders1980
<Content>a birthday treat at the city inn, westminster stayed at city inn on the 4th september to celebrate my birthday, we stayed in suite 2 which is a truely lovely room as is the hotel.we had been out for the evening and when we went back up to the room for the night we found a bottle of champagne which just perfected what was already a perfect stay in a lovely hotel, can not fault the hotel in anyway the staff are all lovely and i hope to stay in this hotel again one daywendy gray  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>markhat
<Content>Good value, central London hotel We booked a superior room for 拢120, which came with a great breakfast, 2 free cocktails in the hotel bar, early check in (10am) and late check out (4pm). Hotel rather bland, but rooms are large, quiet and well equipped. Overall a very practical choice and, especially with the early check in and late check out, great value for money. We'll certainly be back.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Jhammers
<Content>Nice hotel This is a nice hotel with professional, polite staff and, what you expect for the price 鈥?nice and clean rooms with everything you need from a small flat screen television with surprisingly many stations, DVD player, a small stereo system, hair dryer, ironing possibilities, coffee 鈥?tea, AC and so on. There is really not much if anything to complain about. Location is good for everything to see in Westminster the only minus there鈥檚 a 10 minutes walk to the nearest tube station. On the other side a lot of places where you want to go in London as Piccadilly Circus, and the heart of the west end is within no more than 15 鈥?20 minutes of walking and there鈥檚 a lot to see on your way there.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>tarka00
<Content>Good hotel, clean and central for Westminster The City Inn is a quality hotel in Westminster. It is ideally suited for business and tourists although perhaps a bit out of the way if you're looking for a hotel in the middle of the West End.However, if you want a good, clean hotel in a central but quiet part of London, this is an excellent choice.Check in and out was quick and efficient with friendly reception staff.The hotel has pleasant, bright feeling and rooms, for a London hotel, are a good size and well appointed. Flat screen TV, HiFi and bright, airy rooms. Rooms are air-conditioned and well soundproofed with desk, table and chairs. Bathroom is small but well laid out with good quality shower.Downside is that it's a 10 minute walk to the nearset underground stations, Pimlico or St James Park but taxis are easy to get.The area is very quiet at weekends yet still close enough to be in the West End in a couple of stops on the underground.The City Inn compares favourably with so-calle five star hotels in the West End.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>MuchtravelledCheadle
<Content>Great weekend, superb staff. We have just returned from a weekend at the City Inn where we went to celebrate two wedding anniverseries. The hotel is well designed given that is crammed in between some unattractive office blocks. The architect has produced a dining room and outside area made of steel and glass that gives a superb feel of light and space. Rooms are good with most things you would normally find in a 4* hotel. This includes flat panel TV, DVD, hi - fi, mini bar (with prices not unreasonable in central London) and safety deposit box. If there is a gripe it is the size of the bathroom. In fact, a shower room. There may be rooms with a bath but not on the 9th floor. However, it was perfectly adequate with Moulton Brown toiletries. The highlight of the hotel is the staff. From front desk to the room maid, all were thoroughly professional, friendly and helpful (they have a unique way of getting taxis - ask the concierge). The staff and in the dining room at breakfast and in the bar were particularly good. The choice and quality of food at breakfast is very good and all freshly prepared (the combination of smoked haddock and kedgeree sounded good but came out not quite as expected). Don't be put off by this as the overall experience was fine and we will go back without hesitation. Mid week, the hotel appears to cater for people on business as well as people involved with the nations political process (Parliament is only round the corner).  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>aprilwitch
<Content>This place is a gold mine!!!       The spacious room  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MODJI
<Content>Good value friendly London hotel We stayed at this hotel at the end of August 2007. We only stayed 1 night but were impressed with the hotel. The rooms were clean and fine for a short stay. The location was good and it was easy to get to the main attractions. The area seemed safe. The best thing about the hotel was the staff. Even though it is a large hotel, all the staff we met were very friendly and helpful. I will definitely use this hotel again and I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a short break in the city.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>asar
<Content>Remember it fondly months later The City Inn is a spectacular hotel. Its modern design makes W properties feel slightly cheap and over the top. I requested a room with a view when checking in (late in the evening) and the staff informed me that I could have a suite with a GREAT view or I could try a room. I tried my booked Club room, and when getting there was completely stunned, with a view including river, skyscrapers, and the beautiful MI5 building in front. The full floor-to-ceiling windows were gorgeous but just the beginning of a room so stunning a friend, who had been busily telling me a story on the way there, just forgot what she was saying about and went Wow.I had a minor emergency one night: it was 10 PM, and a belt I had just bought was too loose. It was my only belt and I had to dress smart. I let Reception know and, right after I had finished my late dinner, my fixed belt was sitting in my room bed. Very impressive. Walking to the subway is a bit of a hassle (I even miss that though! the area is nice) but you quickly discover an Oxford St bus that also goes past the Houses of Parliament etc and leaves you one block away. It's a very scenic busride.The only thing I didn't like was the restaurant. I only got the end of a mediocre buffet breakfast and was a bit rushed. Dinner was little better. The menu sounded excellent but in the end I didn't feel compelled to finish my meal. My waitress was very enthusiastic but also very new, and spoke practically no English. She knew less of the complicated menu items than me, but in fairness did every effot she should. In general, however, the whole restaurant was quite disorganised, with waiters running around not coping, even with a half-full venue late night, and with everything taking AGES to arrive.All in all, the City Inn was such a nice stay I remember it fondly often. I will never forget sitting by the window my last night in London, after a night out, eating a plate of red fruits and a glass of champagne while looking out the window listening to a CD from their collection. I'll never pass a chance to stay there again, even if I dine elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Slavezero
<Content>fantastic we stayed for 2 nights in this hotel it really is great.all the staff are extremely helpful and friendly .the rooms are very clean and trendy. breakfast was lovely cannot praise this hotel enough and would not hesitate to stay here again  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>miss-figgy
<Content>Fab stay at the City Inn We stayed at the City Inn Westminster for just one night. We booked directly through the hotel website and got an excellent rate of 拢99 including breakfast under the Summer in the City offer. Well, what a fantastic deal! The hotel is well located for Westminster (of course), the West End, the London Eye and Tate Britain. The hotel lobby is spacious and very contemporary. Check in was simple, even though we didn't arrive until about half eleven in the evening. We dropped our bags off in the room and popped to the bar for a quick nightcap. The bar is big and funky, with red and white comfy seats and big glass artworks on the walls. Service is smooth and professional, plus they have an excellent selection of cocktails and whiskies The bedroom was really nice. Simple and plain, with birch furniture (with a nifty drawer containing a kettle and all those beverage essentials, plus Duchy shortbreads) and simple white linen. The bathroom was again simple and plain, well lit, with White Company toiletries and a nice big shower cubicle.Our view (from the floor to ceiling window) was out of the back of the hotel into a quite side street, with Georgian style offices (and a side view of Millbank Tower).The only complaint we had was that the bed was a bit soft. Not a serious problem (and it didn't stop me sleeping like the proverbial log) but we're used to something a bit firmer and not quite so springy.Breakfast the following morning in the City Cafe had tons of choice including lots of continental options (breads, fruit, pastries, cheese, muesli, yoghurt, meats...), full English and a few other cooked options (eggs Benedict, kippers etc) plus lots of tea and coffee. Services was pretty good, though we did have to nag for toast. Checkout was quick and all we had to pay for were our cocktails.I was really, really impressed with the City Inn and were I staying in London again I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>britrag
<Content>The Best Hotel I Have Ever Stayed At My husband and I went to London last weekend for a weekend getaway. After several weeks of reading reviews, I decided to stay at this hotel. My time spent reading reviews was definately not wasted on this hotel.We booked our stay directly from the hotel's website. We booked a club room and were guarenteed early arrival. When we arrived at 9am our room was not yet ready. They told us that they would have a room ready very soon for us and gave us a full complimentary breakfast while we waited. This made for an awesome first impression.The rooms were rather roomy for a European hotel. While the bathroom was rather small compared to many hotels I've stayed at, it was large for a European hotel and still roomy enough for 2 people to get ready in.The restaraunt is very good. We had room service both nights. While the 4 pound tray charge per room seemed a little steep, I think all prices in London are somewhat steep.The hotel staff was very kind during our entire stay. When we checked out of the hotel, we took a cab to the train station. Unfortunately I left my purse in the cab which contained our passports and credit cards. This is a very scary situation. We went back to the hotel and they were more than helpful in trying to help us figure out what we needed to do. They assisted us in getting the cabs license plate number, contacting the police stations, and the embassy. Unfortunately it was a bank holiday on the day we were leaving so nothing was open. There was room in the hotel for another night and they were willing to help us get reservations. Luckily, the cabbie that drove us to the train station frequents the hotel and returned to the hotel. My purse was in the back of the cab and untouched by anyone. We were extremely lucky.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NickKeo
<Content>What a great hotel Stayed here overnight in August 2007. From check-in to check out, the experience was perfect. Friendly and attentive staff made the whole experience nothing short of pure pleasure. The reception area was bright, immaculate and welcoming with plenty of staff on the desk to attend to guests. The desk clerk could not have been more helpful and provided me with enough information to help me find my way around. The room was not large, but was comfortable enough and had a flat screen TV, DVD player, CD player, mini bar, ironing board with iron and the obligatory complimentary tea and coffee facilities. The room was supplied with a very efficient air con system. If there is one criticism, and it really is a minor one, it is that the milk comes in a small cardboard carton that you have to tear open. If you are not careful, you can lose the lot in one go!The food is nothing short of fantastic. I ate in the restaurant and had a wonderful meal, served by attentive but not intrusive staff. Breakfast was just as good and despite the hotel being busy, was a quick experience. The hotel provides free broadband access in rooms and free wi-fi in public areas. I used my pocket pc in the restaurant without problem. Would I go back and stay again? Of course I would! A lovely hotel in a quietish side street.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RJPerrelli
<Content>What a great hotel! I stayed here with my six year old over the bank holiday weekend. The hotel is really modern and the staff were very friendly. The location is great too. We were five minutes or so walk from the Pimlico tube and ten minutes from Westminster. There was even a little park a few minutes away. The room was spotless and modern and we had a view of the Thames from our room which was on the 12th floor. The breakfast was good and included in our rate, the City Cafe was also good with a varied menu and reasonable prices. The prices for room service were the same as for the Cafe but you pay a 拢4 tray charge. There was a little basket of goodies (such as wine, crisps and chocolate), in our room to buy if we were so inclined and complimentary bottled water and milk.I would stay here again without a second thought especially if we got the good deal we got this time. 拢94.50 per night for two in a club class room and including breakfast. For such a location in London in the summer, I thought this was great.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>kaffeee
<Content>Love, love, love this hotel I love this hotel. I travel a lot with work and have to stay in London most weeks. If my meetings are nearby I always chose this hotel. The rooms are excellent, clean fully furnished, comfortable and above all quiet. Breakfast is superb for food and the furnishings. It's pricey but well worth it.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Ero40
<Content>Very Trendy In hotel is in a great location almost next door to the Tate Gallery and a short walk to some of the westminister attractions. The hotel has a business feel about it, but equally good for the tourist traveller. Unlike a lot of hotels in London it offers a very contempory environment. Each room comes with a LCD screen TV, a safe, CD and DVD player. There were complimentary rental CD and DVD downstairs. Most rates come with breakfast adn the breakfast menu was great. The rooms are very trendy. The staff are friendly and the hotel is very safe. The major bus lines were at the end of the street, as were the stops for the major tourist hop on hop off tours. I got a very good rate as a weekend traveller at this hotel, as during the week it is used for business travellers mostly. There is everything you need and more in this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>SeamusOg
<Content>City Inn Westminster, what a gem. I booked this hotel after reading reviews on this website. I was somewhat dubious that it could be as good as described but it was. The location is excellent, it is about five minutes walk from the Houses of Parliament but the street is quiet, and tidy. This area has a mixture of apartments and government offices and is clean and safe. The hotel is literally round the back of the Tate Gallery. Check in was efficient and courteous thanks to the lovely Pilar. The hotel is modern, bright and airy and has bars, a restaurant, a fitness suite and conference facilities. The room was excellent having all the usual things as well as DVD player (the hotel has a selection of films in the concierge) and a mini hifi system. Everything in the room was very nice. Decent biscuits with the tea/ coffee making facilities as well as decent tea/ coffee. Fluffy bathrobes and nice shower gel in the bathroom (although no bath). Air conditioning and WiFi as well. Overall the room was very very nice. The breakfast was very efficient and very comprehensive. Cereal, yoghourt, fruit, smoothy, croisant, pain au chocolat, muffins, cheese, cold meat, salmon, bagels as well as cooked breakfast (including kedgeree and eggs benedict). Here again everything was very nice. The staff here are also good looking, I felt as though I were in a film. Room and breakfast for two cost 拢113. What a bargain. Fantastic location, great facilities, great room, great food, this has to score the full 5 marks. The staff and the hotel itself really tries hard to make you feel special, will absolutely not go anywhere else after this.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>teppy83
<Content>Stylish but not spacious! The City Inn chain is a welcome addition to the business travel class of hotels, and this Westminster branch is has a stylish and airy feel. The room was equipped with all mod-cons and the furniture was trendy, though perhaps not the most sturdy and could easily have been supplied by IKEA! The maxim, 'you get what you pay for' seems to apply here and a more expensive room is a good choice for the extra space, but for one or two nights a standard is fine. The hotel is a little far from the tube - a good 12 minute walk - but Pimlico is a perfectly nice area and the Tate Britain and Westminster are within a short walk. Reasonable for the price, but nothing outstanding.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>AlexHertfordshire
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Booked this hotel through London Town, after reading other trip advisor comments and noted this hotel ranked 4th in London. I can totally see why. I have stayed in many hotels around the world 4/5* and have become quite critical due to experience of what makes a good hotel. On check in staff were friendly informative and we were checked in promptly. The porter took our bags even though we had small cabin bags that we could have easily managed. The rooms are very modern and not everyones cup of tea as some people love traditional styles but it had all the facilities you could want. Breakfast was fantastic, proper decent laid tables, everything was served to a high standard with a great selection of top quality foods. What a pleasant change. We were also then given great advice on where to eat, 1st night an Italian called Gran Paradiso which was great, 2nd night we ate at the Gaucho Grill in Picadilly. Both excellent. The hotel is in a great location also. I really couldnt fault anything about the hotel and will be staying here again soon when i want a night out in London. It beats other hotels by a mile.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Carolees
<Content>Great stay at City Inn Westminster Just had to write a review to say what a lovely time we had in London this weekend - and our Hotel was just in the perfect location. The reception staff were so nice at check-in - they tried to upgrade us but the hotel was so busy this weekend that we had to settle for the standard room. The rooms were spotlessly clean and had absolutely eveything you would need for a weekend stay - great White Co toileteries, iron and ironing board, hairdryer, power shower, TV and CD player, 24 hour room service.We had a drink in the bar one of the nights and again, the staff were lovely. Didn't bother having breakfast there (queues looked long!). I have recommended this hotel to my brother-in-law and his wife who plan a trip to London in the next few weeks. I don't think the hotel can be beaten within its class for price, location and accomodation. Can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jeniwren21
<Content>Very classy - great experience My mum and I went to London for a theatre break. We picked the hotel on the basis of reviews on this website and we were not disappointed. On arrival we were welcomed warmly and the very helpful receptionist tried to give us an upgrade as it was our first time in London. Unfortunately the only suite available was a double room and we preferred to stick to the twin room but the gesture was much appreciated. The room was lovely - comfortable, ironing board and iron, flat screen tv, dvd player, cd player, GOOD hairdryer, tea and coffee making facilities etc.The information desk at the hotel was great - gave us a map and how to get everywhere and you could also buy tickets for the tourist bus which I would highly recommend. Tickets were 拢20 each but allowed you to see all the main tourist attractions and you could hop on and off wherever you liked.Breakfast was also fabulous - full english was made to order so no soggy scrambled eggs lying out for ages. Also a continental buffet of bagels, muffins, pastries, fresh fruit, cereal etc. Also a little terrace you can have your breakfast on which was great as our weather was lovely.The hotel is in a great location - only about 8 minutes walk from Houses of Parliment and Big Ben. Although it looks far on the map it only took us around 30 minutes to walk to the centre and Trafalgar square and there was always something to see so it didn't feel far at all.ADVICEBuy an oyster card online before going to London if you are planning to use the subway. It's like a top up card you can put money on. If you have one of these subway is 拢1.50. If you don't the same journey (one stop or 8) is 拢4 a go. Definately would get one before going again.If you have already booked this hotel enjoy your stay. If not then I would strongly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>boyofdarovers
<Content>Great Value Just stayed at City Inn for 2 nights. Got a great deal from the City Inn's own website. Paid 拢95 in a club room, which also included breakfast and free drink each day of stay. Only problem was reception told me on check in that breakfast wasn't included. I checked the site later and found that it was, on calling reception they apologised and we received a free dinner that evening too. The only other slight gripe is a 拢4 tray charge for room service.Apart from that, good friendly staff, nice clean and modern hotel. Good location for easy walk to river and Westminster area.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	2	4	4	

<Author>Owins
<Content>Best London Hotel I've stayed in a huge number of London hotels over the past 2 years and this is by far the best - beating a number of 5 stars. Staff were consistently friendly, rooms were clean, food excellent and great value for money. It's only 3 mins walk from Pimlico tube and unless another 'similar' hotel comes up on TripAdvisor, I wouldn't consider anything else.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>theoriginalsid
<Content>Opaque pricing but still pretty good I like CityInns but their pricing has gone crazy. Their rates change daily and the staff are totally inflexible so my tip would be to book a flexible rate (ie one that is cancellable without charge) and wait and see if they offer others nearer the date of your stay as we ended up getting a double 'Club' room with taxes and breakfast (normally GBP 19.50 per person) for GBP 119 per night with 4 drinks vouchers worth GBP 9.75 each thrown in and a late check out till 4 pm (worth at least 25 quid). This was the Summer in the City special.Club rooms are no bigger than normal rooms but do give you a better class of service / attention. One moan: why do they offer you a 4 pm checkout and then have housekeeping knocking you up at 10 am!Location is great, staff pretty friendly though some of them lack basic English (don't know what a bathrobe or dressing gown is for example, don't know what brown sauce is!). I always try and stay here but I've had my fingers burned with non-refundable rates at other CityInns so thought I'd share my experiences  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>LondonLondoner
<Content>London's best value? Don't bother asking if hotels are good or bad, it's really a question of whether they're good or bad for the money. Well having stayed in fifty London hotels during the past five years, this one gets my vote for best value of all - that is provided you can get a room for 拢99 including breakfast.City Inn ticks all the boxes. It looks smart and new, the staff are cheerful and try hard, the restaurant and bar surpass expectations (some of London's best cocktails), the rooms are comfortable and hi-tech (ten separate lights in mine). Free internet in the room (not wi-fi strangely, you have to ask to borrow an ethernet lead at the desk). Nearly a hundred channels on the TV.The buffet breakfast is modest in size but great in quality. Even jugs of raspberry smoothie to help yourself. Best of all, take your meals - including breakfast - outside, one of very few London hotels where you can do that.There has to be a downside so I'll mention three things: 1) The location's slightly strange. No other hotel within half a mile and no proper shops or attractions in the immediate surroundings, just anonymous government offices. You won't get much of a view unless you fork out for the penthouse suite. Buses 507, 88 and C10 stop within a couple of minutes' walk but the closest tube stations are Westminster and Pimlico, each probably ten minutes away (but get an Oyster card and hop and off buses at any time, much more pleasant than using the tube and they arrive every five or ten minutes) 2) The staff tend to get overwhelmed when more than half a dozen people want to have breakfast at the same time or to check in/out 3) Services like the phone, minibar and laundry cost twice what they should, even compared with other hotels. And those cocktails are very expensive, though worth it.The name 'City Inn' sounds to me like a three-star hotel and indeed it charges the same as many London three-stars. But for quality it matches most of the five-stars. There are far more exclusive hotels in this city. But they usually don't deliver better food, decor, comfort or service. For the price, you won't do better in London than the City Inn.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Vee7
<Content>Very friendly We stayed at the City Inn during half-term and we were very pleased with the hotel. If you are looking for modern and minimal lines this is for you. But the cool and sophistocated entrance hides a real warm reception from the staff. They couldn't do enough for us, even down to recommending which DVDs to borrow! The rooms are modern and although not huge, have everything you'll need. We didnt eat in the restaurant except for breakfast but did order 2 meals via room service. The menu for room service isnt that extensive but it was wholesome and sufficient. When we went down for our first breakfast on Sunday morning the queues were horrendous but the staff dealt with the situation very efficiently and hurriedly set up extra tables. It did mean we had to eat at a low coffee table, so it wasnt that comfortable, but it was better than having to wait too long. We went down to breakfast earlier on Bank holiday Monday to avoid the rush! The location is great as it's about a 5-10 minute walk to Pimlico Station and is also near the Tate, Westminster Bridge and the South Bank of the river if you want to explore that area. We had tickets to see a show at the Appollo Victoria and it was one stop on the underground. I would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay again.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dannyw1uk
<Content>Bank Holiday Stay My partner and I stayed in the hotel over the last Bank Holiday in May. On arrival the check in was fast and easy to use, when I enquired about where I could pay my congestion charge fee this was arranged by the concierge! All very easy so far.....My room was clean, light, no view but then as I have said on other posts I don't come to major cities to look out of my hotel window. If there is a view it鈥檚 a bonus as far as I am concerned. The bathroom was uncomfortably small, but the shower hot and with adjustable pressure. Perfect after a long drive.The restaurant was acceptable, nothing special and to be honest fairly reasonably priced in an already overpriced city.My only complaint if you can call it that was the 'Garage' below. It is the foundation of the building and therefore has many, many support pillars that are worryingly close together which makes parking manoeuvres and leaving the garage a sweat breaking experience. The NCP car park nearby or even the street is more highly recommended!All in all a nice stay, and 3 stars is not overrating the place at all  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>CaRoss
<Content>Exceeded all expectations After much debate booked this hotel based on the reviews of this site and was sooooo pleased :)Booked via hotels own website couple of days before we went and got a great deal, was offered club city room and breakfast for 拢109 per room per night or a suite for 拢175 per night, decided as it was a treat to book the suite.Entrance to hotel spotlessly clean, well staffed.Suite (as is all suites) was on the 12th floor, dining area, settee, bedroom with massive king size bed and large bathroom with powershower and bathtub.Booking the suite entitles all to VIP service and boy were we spoilt. Quick checkin, escort to room, room service (change of towels etc) twice a day and personal link on the telephone to answer all enquiries.Room was spotless, very clean , bright and bed comfortable. 2 LCD screens, cd player,etc. free newpaper per day, bowl of fruit, bottle of water and full english breakfast included in the price.fantast floor to ceiling windows and brilliant view from room.Room service was great and quick to respond.I have stayed in many hotels and never have i come across so efficient , friendly staff. They certainly made an enjoyable stay.The food was a bit expensive and ltd choice in the restaurant, however didnt think the drinks both in the restaurant or in the hotels additional lounge were to dear based on london prices.Only downside was the full (free) english breakfast, had to queue a bit to get seated, meal wasnt too hot and goodness knows what the sausages were made of ! but otherwise a fantastic stay.10 minute walk to nearest tube, pimlico station, then easy access to anywhere in london, we went to the 02 and with the walk to the station it took us just dead on 40 mins.getting the tube to oxford street for the shopping and theatre, took us 25 minsBus stop couple of minutes, right by the tate gallery :)quiet area, 5 mins to see thames , not far from the london eye.cant recommend this hotel more :) go and i hope you have as good as time as us!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>oscarsdad
<Content>another great stay My wife and I had stayed at the City Inn before and so it was an easy decision to stay there again. We like the location and strolling along the Thames up to Parliament House and around this area. Arriving from Australia is usually early morning and so we arrived at the hotel at 9.00 am but fortunately it was a Sunday morning and as the City Inn is a business hotel first we had no difficulty getting an early check in. It is lovely and quiet in this area on a Sunday and so it good to catch up on a bit of rest.We are smokers but we only stay in smoking rooms if the windows open which they do here. We stayed for four nights and enjoyed it again. It suits us right down to the ground as it is spotlessly clean quiet and centrally located. A cab to Victoria Station is only GBP6. Breakfast was included and this was the only meal we had there.The TV is small but they have a range of free DVDs to watch which is a nice touch. There is no bath in the standard rooms.The staff were friendly and competent and we will be back again.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>deejal
<Content>Really, just another hotel The hotel itself is in a very nice neighborhood. There is little to do surrounding the hotel, however, it's extremely safe. There are some little bakeries and some limited restaruants (Pizza Express) nearby.I stayed in a City Inn Club Room which only seemed bigger than the standard rooms because of the floor to ceiling windows. The City Club rooms appear to be on every floor situated in the corners of the hotel. It is not worth the price upgrade.The hotel offered a rate gaurantee which they did honor and then subtracted an additional 10% off the rate of 299 pounds per night for the first night. Becuase the hotel is located in a financial/government district, the rates are much cheaper on the weekends. A bit of advice, if you do plan on staying midweek and also the weekend, do book two different reservations on their website because it's a LOT LESS expensive and breakfast is included on weekend rates.The service is very good. There were a few minor problems and the hotel staff immediately responded to my concerns.The lounge area serves excellent drinks, yet expensive. The food is also very good.The breakfast was good as well.However, overall, it's just another hotel with some VIP ammenities such as bottled water replaced daily and some other non-useful things such as fruit upon arrival.I had brought the wrong electrical adapter and the front desk immediately provided an electrical adaptor and an ethernet cable without a charge. Upon returning to London, I might stay there again if the price was right because it's much nicer than the tourist hotels. The nearest tube station is about a 10 minute walk which is very pleasant and flat.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Etraugott
<Content>Absolutley Wonderfull Experience -- Except the Food My wife and i stayed here for 3 nights in late october last year. (Yes im writing this late).I could not imagine a more comfortable stay from top to bottom. We checked in after a long LONG flight out of Detroit. It was great walking in the door and immediately having things taken care of for you.The staff managed to have a room ready for us, even though it was before the stated check in time. We had a young scandanavian guy show us up to the room and walk through just about everything in it with us (excellent service), i'll have to admit i was just dead as tired and needed a shower at this point, but was great service none the less.Our room had a great vew of the street below. The amenities in the room were top notch, very comfortable bed, small but effective flat panel LCD TV, great showers, and bathroom...all around i was very impressed.The desk staff were to note as well. A few times we had requests of different sorts, and they were always happy to take care of us, and never once did we feel bothesome. Our final day here, they took care of having a cab for us early in the morning.Only downside to the place is it is a bit out of the way. This is good in a way, because its such a quiet neighborhood, but bad as it is a hike from the pimlico station. The food was also a bit underwhelming, moreso just for the price of it all. about 40 GBP for my wife and i at breakfast, when really all we had was some tea / fruit and cerial...all in all i would stay here again, and honestly wouldnt consider anything else at this point...id just get breakfast elsewhere.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>miss_tilney
<Content>Good quality hotel in a central location Stayed here for 2 nights over a weekend and ate in the City Cafe one night. The rate booked on the hotel website did not include breakfast and we chose not to pay extra to eat breakfast in house. Compared with reviews of other hotels in the area the rate was very good for the quality of the hotel. The hotel is in a quiet location but it is just a short walk to Victoria or Westminster where there are plenty of shops, restaurants and tourist attractions. The room was a good size, very clean and modern and with everything you need (hairdryer, kettle, iron etc), and whilst the bathrooms are relatively small they are adequate for a short stay. The public areas of the hotel are bright and modern. The food in the restaurant was of a high quality and we enjoyed eating there, service and ambience were both good. The bar is very expensive but, like the rest of the hotel, trendy decor and a good place to sit and have a drink. Overall enjoyed the hotel and would stay there again if visiting that part of London.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>K_The_Tourist
<Content>Fantatic, Fantastic, Fantastic! This hotel is modern and stylish with an exceptional level of customer service. We booked it based on feedback here and we weren't disappointed. We had a standard room on the 12th floor. It was light and airy as well as being very clean and very well presented. It was also great having a modern TV and DVD player. The goodie basket was an excellent touch for anyone needing to buy any last minute essentials such as toothpaste or a guide book.We could not fault anything about our stay. The breakfast was cooked to order and served by the pleasantest of staff. We also ate there just before leaving for home on the Sunday evening and had a superb and reasonably priced meal sitting outside. All in all, great value for money (拢109 including breakfast booked though SuperBreak) and a level of service not normally found in English hotels. We would thoroughly recommend it to anyone looking for good quality accommodation in a pleasant location (away from the hustle and bustle of the city centre). And we're already looking forward to our next stay there.By the way, the Tate Britain (a two minute walk away) is worth a visit. And it's handy to take the riverboat down to the London Eye or the next stop along to the Tate Modern/Globe Theatre.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bevldavies
<Content>Another great stay. This was our second stay at the City Inn and again it was fantastic. The room was spotlessly clean and comfortable, the bathroom small but immaculate and functional. The room on the 9th floor was very quiet and being located away from the main bars and clubs the other guests seemed very civilised!Our only small issue os the softness of the bed but that is personal choice and we still slept really well.We will stay here again without doubt!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>John013
<Content>High Tech option in central London I loved this hotel, it is in an excellent location and is an excellent product for London. We got a great deal, this hotel is a GOOD Three Star or Basic FOUR star, with some other bells and whistles鈥?br/>I loved the in house CD 鈥?Music system, make sure to bring your favourite CD鈥檚 when you pack.The room was spotless and the service good, Bathroom and especially the shower is VERY small although cleanKing Bed and Plasma TV were good. The 鈥渉igh tech鈥?feel of the hotel we loved.The restaurant / Bar / Bistro was excellent and not too expensive (London is normally way too expensive for food)Difficult to get a cab in this area of London, the hotel is a hike to the closest Tube station.If you get a good room rate stay here, it is not worth the full rate I will definitely use this hotel again ! This is the way London hotels should be operated  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Estellahs
<Content>Great service This was a great hotel, excellently located near Tate Museum and the Thames. While my room was on the small side and had a small TV, everything that was provided was at top quality. The space is well divided, the coffee and tea stuff was great, the things in the minibar were less expensive than expected and when they forgot to put shampoo in my room I called and it was brought to me immediately. A wide variety of breakfast was available and I also recommend lunch at the City Cafe. I paid about 210 Euros / room and it was worth it.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>matt_robertson
<Content>Nice modern hotel, good location We stayed at the City Inn Westminster whilst in London for the Live Earth event at Wembley, the location was brilliant, just 10 minutes (maximum) to Westminster tube station then take the Jubilee line direct to Wembley Park.First impressions were very good, with very polite check in staff, I must say that all members of staff that we encountered were a pleasure to deal with. We were in a club room (water, fruit and drink in the bar provided) on a lower floor, so the view was nothing to speak of (car park and offices), but we were only using the hotel as a base, so that was fine. Room was a decent size with a very comfortable bed, bathroom (no bath, shower only) was on the small side, but again, fine for 1 or 2 nights. The whole room was immaculately clean.We had lunch at the City Cafe, very nice and only 拢10 for a 2 course set meal. We did opt to seat inside, as the outside seating area appears to be a public right of way and there were a few dog walkers making full use of their rights.Parking was 拢20 a night, which is fine for the location, the car park is a little tight, but that's to be expected as it's under the building (you need to drive to the back of the hotel to access it).Breakfast was pretty normal hotel fare, not exceptional, but good quality and reasonable selection.Our room rate was expensive (拢210), but with Live Earth, Wimbledon finals and the Tour de France all on the same weekend, was to be expected. I see from their website that prices can be a lot more reasonable, so we will be booking again.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bigposhlady
<Content>Fantastic Location We stayed here weekend 7-8th July 07 - my husband booked a theatre weekend for our anniversary. It was a 10 minute walk from Pimlico tube, near the Tate Modern in a quiet suburb. We were greeted by a very helpful receptionist, check-in was quick and easy. We had a 5th floor room so our view wasn't great but the room was modern and nicely decorated. Bed was comfortable, bathroom was nice although the shower wasn't very powerful.We ate in the City Cafe downstairs and had a lovely meal outside in the sun. Great selection of veggie dishes - I was spoilt for choice! Even the room service menu was good.Breakfast was cooked to order and very filling, good selection of pastries, meats, cereals and fruits. We picked a really busy weekend to visit with concerts, Tour de France and Wimbledon all going on. We struggled to get a taxi on the Saturday night to the theatre but this isn't usual - it's only a 5 minute taxi ride to the Appollo (could be walked if you're not wearing heels!).The hotel is great for the London Eye, Houses of Parliment and Big Ben.Overall it was a pleasure to stay here and we will be using this hotel again both for work and when next visiting London.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>JohnWG
<Content>Fantastic place Girlfriend booked this place for a weekend away. I think it's much cheaper at weekends being a more business guest orientated place. First impressions were great, well maintained, modern decor. Arrived late in the evening and must have been one of the last checkins, we got bumped up to a Club room. The room was brilliant, very spacious. The fitness suite was great, jogging routes around the area provided. Free DVD service, really nice bar. I can't say enough good things about this place. Staff were excellent, very helpful, thank you guys!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Littlejohn
<Content>Always top class at City Inn Was at the City Inn for our 5th stay over the weekend. This place gets better and better. Room was amazingly available at 10.30am when we went into drop of our bags! The food at all times was fantastic, and a booth in the Millbank Lounge is a must for fab cocktails - try the Bramble is you like gin.Staff in this hotel have the skills of our best 5star venues and none of the sometimes overbearing snootyness - they are consistantly on the ball and will bend over backwards to help - even to the point of running off along the road to flag a taxi for me in a huge thunder storm just so that I wouldn't have to pay the 拢6 standing charge if they called one to pick me up!My suggestion would be book this hotel for all your London visiting needs - 2 tubes within 5-10 mins walk and 2 great bus services right by the door. I will not stay elsewhere in London.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>teachers_on_tour
<Content>Great hotel We stayed at the City Inn for three weeks in 2005 and I have been meaning to write this for some time. It is a really good hotel. London hotels often mean tears before teatime: so many of them are overpriced piles of chintz and pot pourri, run by people who think that a free cup of weak tea in the afternoon makes up for grimy bathrooms and snooty service. The City Inn is not for people who like flowery curtains and tizzy ornaments: it is clean-lined and minimalist. If you like traditional decor you will not like this. But it is functional, efficient, and spotlessly clean. The rooms are not huge but they are not the smallest in the class, either. There is a little sitting area and a CD player, flat screen TV  DVD player, and you can borrow DVDs from the front desk free of charge. Good internet access in the room. Breakfast is a continental buffet (included) Mon - Fri, and there are hot items (eg bacon  scrambled eggs) on weekends. There is also a la carte at extra charge. There is a Pizza Express around the corner and a couple of restaurants near Pimlico tube, but it is not a thriving restaurant area. However, it's a short walk to the tube or up to the busier areas around Trafalgar Square. The Tate is just down the road and the hotel is in a nice residential area. The square in John Islip Street is a pleasant place to sit with your Starbucks and the paper. It is a very safe area, being so close to Parliament and other government buildings.Basically, this is a really good place to stay. For the money, it is excellent value. I have stayed at more expensive places in London, but my next visit will see me back at City Inn. I believe there are City Inns in regional centres as well.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Richo-Louby
<Content>Good Location We stayed at the City Inn as part of a theatre break to London. We found the staff to be helpful and allowed us an early check in on the day of our arrival. The room was clean and modern, however the bathroom was absolutely tiny! The breakfast was good with a big selection.The hotel was ideally located for the sights of London. I would recommend and stay at this hotel again in the future  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>LoveParisInSpring
<Content>The best Hotel in London!! this hotel lived up to its reviews and so much more.the hotel let us check in at 10am in the morning! when we only planned to store our luggage there until the room was available.The room was spacious, and so modern for london. There was plenty of room to move, and the shower and bed was great!we got free dvds to hire, free internet, and then the day we checked out, we stored our luggage for free there until 6pm!!this hotel was gorgeous and modern.I will only stay here now in london, i wish i found this hotel when we first stayed in london instead of trialing alot of dumps first!!location excellent as well. walking distance from victoria and westminister. Perfect!!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dantudor
<Content>excelent Excelet hotel and services.Great location.Congratulations to the whole staff.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>myspaceseraphiks
<Content>1st class hotel and service We stayed here for a weekend break from 22-24th June (room 803).I'm in agreement with the general consensus here, this hotel was very good on many levels. Most importantly the hotel is very clean, well maintained, and safe. The rooms are very new and functional. We had a club room and it had everything from iron to dvd player, thebathroom was spotless and the shower cubicle was great in terms of temperature and pressure (and no grubby ineffective shower curtains and flooding!).We ate at the hotel ,and found the food very reasonable and not too expensive considering the location and quality (about 拢25 per head). Room service and house keeping were fast, efficient and always happy to accomodate. The only tiny negatives (nit picking) would be the noisy extraction on the outside of our window, and the room temperature feeling a little cold at times. Apart from those minor points, overall a great stay for business or leisure (great for sightseeing). The staff were all very good including 'Ayse' who dealt with our check in/out very efficiently. I look forward to staying at this hotel again. Thank You  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BobMQC
<Content>Great option in London, some service issues Overall a very good option in London for both business and leisure traveller. Good location (10 mins on foot from Parliament), nice, clean, decent size rooms, comfortable beds, excellent air conditioning, power shower, all amenities, and prices that are not too bad, especially on a weekend. I found food quite acceptable in the restaurant and not too expensive, provided you stay away from way overpriced and small sized alcoholic beverages in the bar. Service problems included an earlier-than scheduled wake up call and an inability to quickly fix a water leak under the sink (took 2 days and 3 phone calls). I sent my feedback to the hotel, and got their apologies, but no compensation (for which I did not ask).On the minor negatives side, the hotel is in a somewhat more modern residential area (not your posh West End mansions), 5 mins walk from the underground, somewhat minimalist design (boutique style no doubt :-).My wife loved the hotel (NB she stayed there only part of the time and did not experience the service issues above). I would definitely consider staying there again.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>MeccaDog
<Content>Good Value in Southern London City Inn is a nice option for expensive London. I traveled quite a bit on this particular trip, and the experience wasn't on par with other hotels, but it boils down to value for the location. Here's a snapshot:The Good:= Staff is very polite, attentive= Location is a brisk ten minute walk to Westminster Abbey, Houses of Parliament.= 5 pound cab ride to the Gatwick Express at Victoria Station= Modern hotel, nice simple decor= Tate Britain Museum literally down the street, less than 5 mins= 10-15 minute cab ride to numerous theaters in adjacent sections of London= compared to other modern hotels, price was lower= Cafe has tasty gourmet meals and a nice continental breakfastThe Bad:= bathroom sink is the size of a salad bowl= no tub, and shower is a low cost retro-fit= A/C was not cold, just room temp (a little stuffy)= room was small= no free extras, like bottled water, toothbrush, etc.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dahliaday
<Content>Thank you City Inn! This was the second time my daughter and I have stayed at the City Inn Westminster and I cannot recommend it enough. First of all, it must be the best value in London. Booking through Laterooms, we had a superior double room for 拢88 a night. Where else in London can you get such stylish accommodation with all the super little extras that City Inn offers, at such a price? Luxurious bath robes, DVD/CD player, flat screen TV, attentive 24-hour room service etc. The location, right next to Tate Britain, is superb. And if, like me, you're not that keen on taking the tube, buses to Victoria, Trafalgar Square and the Strand stop almost outside the door. However, the REAL reason for this review is to praise Caryl, operations manager (and her security officer) for the way they handled a rather distressing situation when I thought my wallet and credit cards had been taken while we were at the breakfast buffet. Caryl offered instant support, was reassuring, calm and professional throughout, offering a taxi to the airport next day and waiving aside my concerns about not being able to pay the hotel bill as I had to block both my credit card and cashpoint card. When I susbsequently found my wallet tucked down inside a side pocket, I was obviously relieved but extremely embarrassed about having wasted everyone's time. Caryl and her team were so nice, did not make me feel an absolute idiot (which I really deserved) and went out of their way to make us feel truly comfortable. Which in the end is what a great hotel should do - make their guests feel totally welcome. The management at City Inn Westminster have a splendid team of staff - thank you.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Kajin
<Content>Loved it!! My husband and I stayed at this hotel for only one night during our return home. I really wish that we had stayed here for our previous 5 night stay. The room was quite spacious and the bed was comfy (very soft though). It was very close to many attractions in London. It looked just like the photos online. Great place for the value.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>rza
<Content>Perfect hotel!! Great hotel! It is a very nice modern hotel with exceptional customer service. While the location is not great for first time tourists, it's not far from the tube station and the area is nice and quite. I absolutely recommend this hotel!!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sweeney1
<Content>The advantages of a business hotel without the downside       Hotel Room  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>euro_train_traveller
<Content>Great chain of hotels I have stayed in this City Inn and the one in Birmingham, both have been excellent and hard to fault. Rooms are comfortable and well equiped (DVD player, free wifi, stereo, heated mirror in bathroom etc....).We had dinner in the restaurant and the service was a little slow - BUT the staff noticed it was slow without any prompting and we even got some complimentary wine without having to ask. This more than made up the slightly slow service.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thedynamix
<Content>Amazing! Close To Perfect As Possible Although we only stayed at the City Inn Estminster for one night, I have seen and experienced enough to give this place a 5 star rating and was even spurred on to write this review during our one night stay! I just couldn't resist. It was such a good experience! - You know, that feeling where everything is perfect.We stayed in room 1137 right at the end in a non-smoking room and we has the most beautiful view of the River Thames and siturated opposite the atrractive Millbank Tower.So the room, aside from exceptional views, was impeccably clean where every possible convenience was thought out and the decor tasteful and modern. Philips LCD TV, Philips DVD player and Philips Hi-Fi, comfortable double bed, free Internet access and again, AN AMAZING VIEW! Lights in the right places, perfect workmanship throughout the entire room and 100% clean, EVERYWHERE!Location wise, you can't beat it in London. It's away from all the hustle and bustle of the West End, and in the cosmopolitan and central location of Westminster, a 5 minute walk away from the Houses of Parliment and 7 minutes from the the London Eye. Plus its on the river! Walk 5 minutes along the Thames and you cant catch a boat from Westminster pier for a Thames cruise.Good value for money too! Half the price of equivalent hotels and double the service. We were conveniently allowed to leave at 4pm the following day. Free fruit and complimentarty bottled water!Simply, go here! We plan to return asap.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>HMTcassie
<Content>Good accessible hotel Although a little pricey but then it is the location, this was a very good hotel. Good access, very helpful staff, good food. A lovely touch, they provided a bed for my dog and a bowl, waiting for me when I arrived. This was a first. Also a good touch free wired internet access in the bedroom cables available on request from reception. So able to work in the evening. So would recommend this to people looking for a central accessible hotel.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jac4736
<Content>Great! Have just returned from a long weekend in London....our trip was mainly to coincide with the Chelsea Flower Show. We stayed at the City Inn, Westminster and were delighted with our choice. The hotel is bright, clean and modern. The staff were excellent, check in and check out quick and painless. The bedroom was exactly as portrayed on the website and housekeeping kept it spotless during our stay. We had dinner in the hotel on Saturday night and thoroughly enjoyed it. We thought the location was superb....just beside the Tate Britain and within easy walking distance of Chelsea and the Kings Road. Just a five minute walk to Pimlico tube station. It helped of course that the weather was very kind to us!All in all a great experience and I would certainly recommend the City Inn to anyone...we will certainly stay there again when in London.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Brianirl
<Content>Very Nice Hotel. Excellent Staff. Booked this hotel, after checking out the reviews on TipAdvisor. Was not disappointed. Staff were extremely helpful and courteous at all times. Breakfast was excellent and the rooms were top class. Would certainly recommend this Hotel to others.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mp54jml
<Content>Very happy with our stay at City Inn Wanted a hotel in London and looked on Tripadvisor as usual, as we have been very pleased overall with hotels (home and abroad) we have tried after reading reviews. City Inn was very much as expected - really good value for money for a 2 night weekend spring break. Let's face it - in London at Spring Bank Holiday Weekend, with the Chelsea Flower Show a few minutes away, and a Club room for 拢119 a night. This included an evening meal on the first night, breakfast each day and a complimentary cocktail on the second night. Excellent value as far as I'm concerned - no complaints about the standard at the hotel. Very modern and clean, very quiet, great area - away from the hustle and bustle but close enough to walk to Covent Garden and the West End in about 30 minutes. Would definitely go again and recommend to friends and family.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Cladomtay
<Content>Lovely hotel but beware of hidden charges Myself and my husband stayed at the City Inn for two nights last Friday and Saturday. Although we were happy with the hotel a problem arose when I checked my bank account on the monday after we left and noticed they had charged 拢100 to my card on top of the room rate. I called them on Tuesday to ask what it was for and they said it was to cover any additional charges to the room ie bar tab or mini bar. They recognised the fact that we had not spent any other money within the hotel and yet today (Friday), 5 days after checking out of the hotel I have still not had my money returned to my account. I have stayed in many hotels throughout the world and although they swipe your card as a matter of course, i have never actually had money removed from my account without my authorisation before.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>PeteLythamStAnnes
<Content>Stop looking ,this hotel cant be faulted This hotel is a fantastic find. I've stayed all over the world and relied on the reviews from trip advisor. Even in the so called top hotels you will find niggles and your idea of what is great may not suit someone else but I think youd be hard pressed to beat this hotel. Fabulous location 5 minute walk from Houses of Parliament. Bright modern and spotlessly clean. No dated carpets or decor here. The staff were all highly proffesional polite and helpfull. The rooms are modern bright and really well appointed. Free t.v including all sky channels and free internet access. I did not eat here so cant pass comment on food quality. The restaurant looked top class although there did look to be a bit of a queue in the morningThe bar was top class and reasonably priced. All in all a really great find. I was there the weekend of the FA cup final and saw several well known celebs such as Dennis Law staying.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lawahoo2001
<Content>Overrated We stayed for 5 nights in this hotel. We had previously stayed here in 2006 for 9 nights. I guess I didn't get fed up with the small size of the room, bed, and bathroom the first time around...location is decent - generally quiet, walking distance to Parliament and Big Ben, fairly close Tube station (Pimlico on the Victoria line). The sheets on the bed and the towels in the bathroom are rough and worn. Generally a clean hotel, although it is not spic and span - I saw a few hairs in the bed and bathroom. The bathroom is absolutely tiny, although the shower has excellent pressure. The bed is probably a double in size, although they call it a queen. Mattress is very cheap and too soft. If we go back to London, we'll fork out the big bucks to stay some place nicer.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	2	4	

<Author>electricheater
<Content>Cool and chic Contemporary hotel in the middle of Westminster. No faults, great room, great bed.If you do dine in the restaurant, portions are small so beware!  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	5	4	

