<Author>Senlar
<Content>Very bad place We stayed at the hotel in two days from the 12of dec. to the 14of dec. 2008. The hotel are run down, the room are smelly and dirty, and the staff are not very helpfully at all.Eating breakfast at the hotel is expencive and you are still hungry after, because of the very small portions. We where gratefull that we only had to spent two days there, before going to Miami port for a seven days cruise with the beautifull ship Freedom of the Seas. Never again the Marseilles Hotel.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ayvc
<Content>Not so great hotel. The location of Marseilles is great if you want to be in the heart of South Beach. We chose this hotel becuase we thought it would be close to the Port of Miami. The hotel has a musky smell because it is very old. We had a roach run out of our room thankfully we were only there for one night. The bed is comfy but the the television is horrible with very little stations to choose from. Don't even try to use the business center downstairs in the lobby, the internet was so slow that dial up would have been faster. The daytime staff was friendly but the afternoon/evening staff was very rude and unhelpful as we asked what restaurants were good in the area and they didn't want to help us. The room is very small and cramped much like European hotels. The walk to the beach is very short and the pool is nice. I wouldn't stay here again nor would I stay in Miami. We found out very quickly that the people there are very bitter and rude so that will be the last time we stay in Miami.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	1	

<Author>jdoray
<Content>Buy it or Run We were at this hotel December 12 thru the 14th, 2008The Marseilles Hotel on 17th and Collins in South Beach is a cute property with potential but unfortunately it looks like years of neglect and profit taking has relegated this hotel to a dirty, noisy, irritating experience.The lobby staffs, all but Moses in the bar and one concierge guy that I didn鈥檛 get his name, were unfriendly and seemed bothered by having to deal with customers. The two different men, one older and one younger, behind the reservation desk could not have been worse service representatives.The room was decent and clean considering the age but the hall way and lighting was dark and dismal. The old fashioned doors and locks on the rooms combined with the concrete walls and long hallways caused each door opening or closure to loudly impersonate a jail cell slamming closed on an incarcerated inmate. Because of the proximately to the party clubs on south Beach, the guests come in late so from about midnight through five in the morning, these jail cell door slams go on constantly and reverberate through the dark and discerning hallways. Please do not expect any rest between those hours.The walls must not have any insulation or sound proving because we were greeted by a constant flood of conversation and laughter from both of our next door neighbors.The bathrooms are in desperate need of remodel and the balcony didn鈥檛 really look safe enough to stand on.All of these hotels use the Super Park Company to manage their guests parking and valet service. Outsourcing this service has only given the hotel the license to not have to be responsible for your car or service. Needless to say, the service was completely unacceptable in particular upon our checking out when the desk clerk claimed that he had not been on duty when I called for my car when in reality it was the same guy who just got some queer enjoyment out of seeing us wait knowing that we had a plane to catch. If you have enough money to buy this place and make it something special then it is worth going back or staying here. If not, you and us are better just staying next door or up the street.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	1	2	

<Author>Sunny2001
<Content>If You're Trying to Stay on South Beach on Budget, Great Hotel If I would have went by some of the reviews of this website, I wouldn't have picked this hotel. This hotel wasn't the Hilton, but was nice. Staff were very friendly, my room was a little small, but I think it was because it was a corner room, I took a peak in another room and it seemed larger. It was right on Collin Ave, didn't have to walk far to Ocean Dr. We went on numerous amounts of tours and the tour buses came to pick us up. Beach right behind hotel. Had a great time, only complaint I can really remember was the bathroom was small, and the water pressure in the shower was sometimes not that great, but for an overall rating, would stay at hotel again, it was right in South Beach, Very Friendly Staff, and Budget Friendly. I got my best price, just booking with the hotel on line. I can't remember exactly what I paid per night, but I know it was between 108-120 per night, which is great for South Beach. Also, loved pool Area, we would go out there at night. Loved the Hotel, and I Loved Miami FL  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>JasmineMarti
<Content>Beach Hotel We have stayed at this hotel twice. The Above Average rating is primarily for this hotel's location, while the rooms probably deserve rating of Neutral/Average. The hotel is pretty centrally located in South Beach with direct access to the beach, which is a great advantage. I am surprised at other reviews mentioning rude staff, as our experience with staff has been consistently good. It is an older property, yet it is one of the distinctive South Beach buildings, built by the same architect that built The Delano. The hotel offers lovely breakfast on the front porch, it also has a pool, and a couple of hammocks attached to palm trees out back, by the beach.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>jcartBirminghamUk
<Content>disgusted booked this hotel for myself my husband  friends of ours celebrating there silver wedding anniversary . After ten fantastic days on a carribean cruise what a disappointment this hotel was . Our deluxe ocean view room had nothing deluxe about it .The toilet was leaking so the room smelt of urine, the hotel is completley run down its tatty, dark  dinghy and nothing at all like the pictures on the web page. Judging by the state of the door the room had been broken into at some time and didnt lock properley. When we told the manager we wasnt happy  felt mislead by the pictures on the net we were told the ritz carlton is up the road but we didnt have to go that far to find a fantastic hotel the doubletree surfcomber is right next door to what i renamed norman bates hotel from the film phsyco. Our stay in miami was brilliant thanks to jude  all the staff at the surfcomber hotel . Dont go to the marseilles hotel its horrible  they shouldnt be allowed to advertise it the way they do , trading standards or the like need to see this place we had to pay for a night there even though we checked out 10 minutes after we arrived. JC from birmingham uk  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>lillucky0ne
<Content>Extremely Rude!!!! Beware! My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel in Novemeber. The experience was horrible! I am not a hard person to please and do not like to complain about petty things. However, I want to WARN YOU that this hotel has extremely rude front desk help and it is junky and I would not recommend staying there. The rooms are small and the hotel has a terrible smell! We were charged for the mini bar which we did not use and when I called to be reimbursed...they kept transferring me to voice mails. I never heard back so I finally e-mailed the sales dept. It took a month to finally get reimbursed! Please save yourselves the headache and find a different hotel!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	3	

<Author>gershwin
<Content>Acceptable We are older travellers who wanted some sun and heat after a grey summer and to see the sights in South Florida.I had some concerns at the generally negative reviews of the hotel but we did not want to pay a high rate (though it was a lot more than the $80 quoted in one review). We also wanted to stay near the oceanfront, at the quieter end of South Beach and near the Lincoln Road area for strolling and eating.We were pleasantly surprised. I booked an oceanfront room (additional rate) to ensure a peaceful night which we got for the full week, even the weekend! The room was bigger than anicipated but most reviews of all of the older hotels stated that rooms were small so we were pleased with ours which was more than adequate. It had a lovely ocean view, on the 8th floor and the lifts worked. The bed was big and comfortable. Breakfast was OK at the streetside cafe but there is plenty of choice close by (thoroughly recommend the Front Porch Cafe 10 -15 minutes walk away where I would have eaten all the time if I had the choice!) Some reviewers mentioned the pool and availability of loungers but perhaps because we were there in November, it was quieter. I always had the (cool) pool to myself and there were plenty of sun loungers. When I was not swimming, there were perhaps 1/2 people in it occasionally. The garden area and hammocks were pleasant to sit in each evening and watch the skies and passers-by before a stroll along the boardwalk.We found the staff very pleasant and friendly and everything in the hotel worked. The corridors of the hotel are rather shabby and dated and need refurbished but our room had clearly been recently renovated so was clean and pleasant. Overall we had no real compaints. My only two minor gripes were:-the charge for my phone call home to the UK, charged as 9 minutes (it was 4) at $35. I'd already tried to use the lobby phone a few times but my international call cut out each time it rang at home so I had to use the room phone. I also took with me an offer printed from the website stating that any stay of over 3 nights would attract a 5% discount, redeemable at the counter. When I asked for this when we checked out, I was told the discount was already included in the room rate. Right! How would anyone else read that?? In spite of this, we enjoyed our stay and would use the hotel again but probably not book a standard room which looked small with a small bed. The location is excellent and South Beach sights and weather was just what was needed at this time of year.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>guisse0108
<Content>never again In all my years of travel, my stay at this hotel was the worse. First of all, the outside appearance of the establishment is very outdated for the location they are in, two buildings away is the Ritz Calrton and The Delano, you would think they keep up withe place. Then you proceed to walk inside where there鈥檚 no one to greet you or help you with your bags and the outstanding smell of wet carpet with a mixture of suntan lotion and roach spray slaps you in the face. Then the horrible customer service by the overnight front desk employee, James, because he proceeded to check us in without reading the vouchers and giving us two beds standard room when specific request was done for a one king size bed standard room, to make things worse, I get into the elevator where the stench gets worse, got to my room greeted by the same smell through out the hotel, there鈥檚 no air-conditioner in the room and according to the front desk no one was available to repair it. The bathtub had peeling paint all over to the point where I took a shower with my flip flops and the sink had rusty fixtures. I had to wait for the following day to be accommodated to another room. Thank God I was just there for 3 nights.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>redgrrrl26
<Content>Well Priced Choice On South Beach After reading numerous reviews of South Beach hotels and fearing they were all moldy, dank and cockroach-infested, I finally found The Marseilles. It seemed to have reasonable rates ($80/night) while still being clean, centrally located, safe and fairly quiet. And most importantly had the Art Deco architecture I was looking for (the reason I visited South Beach in the first place). The Marseilles did not disappoint--it was clean, the front desk staff were all incredibly nice and helpful, the room was done in beautiful, streamline, moderne furnishings and it backed up to the beach with a nice pool area and even had hammocks close to the beach! After reading a review about possible noise, I asked for a room on the upper floors. The front desk man gave me a room on the 7th floor that gave me a fabulous view of the beach and part of the Deco beach strip. My only criticism is that the wall between my room and the one on my left was thin and I could hear some noise. Not enough to keep me awake. The Marseilles is not a resort by any means, but I thought it was a good value for the money. Do be forewarned that parking is $20 a night for a lot around the corner--to valet it is $25 a night (and the valet is at the hotel next door--the valet did suck as I had to leave at 6am for a flight and it took them 10 minutes to find the keys to my car). However I will say that overall, Miami is AWFUL!! I will never visit Florida again; people are weird, you get a one page warning of what NOT to do if you rent a car in Florida (if you get bumped on the freeway, don't pull over, don't ask for street directions, etc.) and it looks like the cops pull people over for tickets as a way to balance the state budget.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>mickey2newyork
<Content>Not Pleased Customer Service was bad.The bar in room did not work for the 5 day we were there.We told them it did not work each day and thery did nothing about it.We had to get ic to keep our water cold. Sometime the ice machine did not work.The bathroom was not clean, the tub and sink was not clean. Y ou had to take a shower,because there was no way to keepthe water in the tub. There was no stoper for the tub.The T.V. should be up dated.Also there should be mirowaves in the rooms. You should have contional breakfests.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>genvieve207
<Content>Not as good as expected I just got back from a week-long vacation with my boyfriend at the Marseilles. After reading the reviews we figured we would be happy staying there. We aren't spoiled and never have high expectations but after this trip, we will NEVER stay there again. The hotel was going through some renovations - dirty! There were only two elevators which broke down one day and we had to use the stairs all afternoon - we were on the SIXTH floor! The pool is small and never enough chairs or umbrellas so you usually end up having to put your things on the side and jumping in the pool or risking burning in the sun! There were never any dry towels ready for us, we always had to request for them. The rooms were fairly nice and were always cleaned in a timely manner but that's about as good as it got.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>jayneca
<Content>Great Pre-Cruise Stay A group of 14 stayed here a couple of days before a cruise. It was convenient to the Port and began our holiday off great. The negative reviews were a worry but we also didn't want to spend $300 a night. Keeping in mind that it is a smaller, older hotel, it is what it is... we expected smaller washrooms, thin walls, etc. but it was clean and attractive, with a bit of the Art Deco feel which just added to the South Beach experience. The location was the clincher. Everything was convenient .With so many of us, there was something for everyone... the beach was great, the boardwalk for the joggers, the hotel restaurant with great breakfasts, shopping, the pool area, the hammocks, the SOBE restaurants, etc. A personal word of thanks to the great and friendly concierge when he saved the day by arranging for transportation to the Port at the last minute when our previously arranged transportation never showed up. Yes, the food/drinks were a bit pricey and there could have been more poolside service, etc. (try the chicken caesar salad... yum) but overall, the Marseilles enhanced our stay and we just enjoyed being in the middle of everything. If you are looking for a mid-priced, comfortable place to stay and relax for a few hours in between exploring, then this is the place for you. If you are looking to be pampered, you're gonna have to pay for it. For us, it was bitter sweet when we left as we could have stayed a bit longer.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>M4r14
<Content>Loved this hotel       sand garden  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>mjesposi
<Content>OK Hotel - but old and run down When we pulled up the valet said that parking was $35 a day for valet or $25 for the parking garage. We arrived at the hotel at noon and were told our room was not ready yet but that we could check our bags and go use the pool and beach. When we wanted to get a parking ticket from the front desk we were informed that the parking garage was full and that they only have limited spots and that we would have to pay the $35 for valet. I thought this was shady and that we should have gotten valet for $25 since the garage was full.We were given a couple 2 for 1 drink coupons for our room not being ready yet. When we tried to use them back at the pool bar for 2 Coronas that they had already opened and poured, we were told that the coupons were only for domestic bears and frozen drinks event though there were absolutely no limitations on the coupon. So $14 for 2 beers - CRAZY!!!!The beach area was very nice and the hotel is in a good location. The pool was small with limited seating but nice.The rooms were definitely old and run down, but for the price we paid, they were fine.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>landhopper
<Content>very shady. your reservation means nothing. Booked online. We get there and they don't have the reservation. (i.e. they are overbooked). We had paid a deposit and showed our documentation. Some guy comes from his office out back and we get a decent room on the oceanside. Fair for what we paid, (the a/c is very old school and funky but it was spring and still cool so not a problem.) They swiped our card twice, and we had to call them on it. Not a bad hotel really for the money ($220 a night), and great location, but we came close to not having a room/getting overbilled. Very very creepy. Miami is getting hit very hard by the real estate bust. We were there by accident during spring break in the middle of the tourist season and there was hardly anyone there. Everyone is a little too hungry and frustrated, and they go hard after your money. Use cash whenever you can and check your bills. After a night there we checked out and traded up to the Anglers. The best (french) food in Miami.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	2	2	1	

<Author>desnudouno
<Content>Pleasantly surprised My sister and I stayed here for three nights in early May. We wanted to book and INEXPENSIVE girls getaway. As others have said, this is not The Ritz Carlon but it was nicer than I expected for the money and given the negative reviews. We had an renovated ocean view room on the fifth floor. Yes, the hotel is old but there was a fresh coat of paint in the room and new furnishings. Everything was clean enough. The pool area and the sandy area out back with the hammocks and lounge chairs is gorgeous. Moses at the pool bar was friendly and helpful. Friday and Saturday there was a DJ at the pool in the afternoon/early evening which made for a hip, young environment.The hotel is within walking distance to Lincoln Road, The Delano, and many nice clubs. There is no need to travel down to South Beach itself. That area was full of drunks and shady types at night. It was the only time we felt unsafe.Overall, it was a great value for the money and I would stay here again. This is NOT the place for families. Also, just expect to pay $15 for a mixed drink pretty much everywhere. This is Miami after all, not Missouri.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>karch75
<Content>Great location, ok rooms Woke up first day there to bathroom full of ants. Hotel staff was very accommodating and moved us to another room which was a wonderful oversized room with Jacuzzi and ocean view. Was very happy with room. It does get noisy in the hallways though at night with people coming and going. Can't beat the location with it being right off of the beach and close to Ocean Drive and Lincoln Road. Skip the pool bar. Drinks are VERY expensive. There are so many drink specials at other hotels/restaurants.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Caroline1056
<Content>Great Location Terrible Customer Service Stayed At the Marseilles for one night before our cruise. Here are the pros: Beach and boardwalk right out back of the hotel with a nice hammock area. Hotel is close to Lincoln Road and a 20 minute walk to Ocean Drive with many breakfast specials. It is also in an area of many higher priced hotels. Here are the cons: Hotel had a funky funny smell. The front desk staff was extremely rude and indifferent. It was the worst service I have ever experienced. The hotel also needed a good carpet cleaning job. If you wear white socks in your room they will be black. I will probably stay somewhere else next time.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>LoFloNY
<Content>It Has Its Charms       The backyard -- how cute is this?  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	2	2	2	

<Author>DeniseAtBeach
<Content>Great Location Marseilles has charm... but it is old, plaster chipping, poor shower pressure... but GREAT location at a GREAT price! If you want the Ritz, then book the Ritz! If you want Loews, then book that!As others have mentioned, front desk staff are fairly indifferent; don't tell you much, like where the pool is or how to get to the beach, but we are resourceful and found everything we were looking for ... Collins Avenue and Ocean Drive are great for people watching over the 2-for-1 Happy Hour offerings... how else could one afford this area?Take the hotel for what it is worth... we spend one night post-cruise and it suited our needs just fine!  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Frugalmoi
<Content>Nice place to stay for not a lot of money I enjoyed this hotel without all the frills, lush lounge areas and crowded bars. The hotel is in close proximity to many four/five star hotels that offer the frills, lush lounges and chic bars. The bed was comfortable, the carpet was clean, and the bathroom was decent but small. I really liked having the beach right outside of the pool area in the back of the hotel. You are within walking distance to nice restaurants where you can dine outside and people watch. Up the street at Dolce Vita you can purchase the best coffee, albeit pricey. The wait for the elevator was always short :-) Parking is $25.00 per day and they only accept cash. If you only plan to come down to enjoy the beach, relax, do a little shopping and visit the hotel bars for a nice mojito, I recommend not renting a car. You can take the money you would spend to rent a car, pay for gas and parking to put towards a nice spa treatment :-)  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beachca
<Content>Gross! Rooms are gross and old, walls are thin, whole place smells like dirty socks! Still had a great time in Miami though! Would not recommend to stay at the Marseilles.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>fallingdollar
<Content>OK in the Oceanfront Rooms There are some very good things about The Marseilles, #1 being its perfect location. But of course, since it's one of the least expensive hotels in South Beach, it's not exactly a high end experience. It is a decent budget option in the right room.The ocean-front corner room was nice, quiet, spacious and a very good value. It seemed recently renovated with an updated decor. The bathroom is tiny and old-fashioned but was fine for us. We stayed in a non-ocean front room the first night and were bothered by the door slamming and loud neighbors, which we could not hear once we moved to the ocean-front room. The first room (3rd floor) also smelled funny, as did the 3rd floor hallway and the lobby. The pool, bar area, hammock grove and beach access were great. It's really good to be able to walk out the back of the hotel and right onto the beach or onto the beachfront walkway for biking or rollerblading, and it's rare in SoBe unless you're paying top dollar.The Marseilles is 2 blocks from Lincoln Road, 1 block from the Delano and 2 hotels down from The Raleigh. The Catalina across the street was a good spot for drinks and for breakfast. There's no scene at The Marseilles at night, but that's OK with so many other options all around.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blanche&milver
<Content>Accomodating Accomodations Booked our room at Bookit.com (good choice)Got to the Marseille late in the evening because of problems at MIA. Our room, Superior Ocean View with 2 doubles, was taken but the front desk informed us that they would give us 2 rooms (one superior ocean view with king, and one regular room with a double bed)for the same price. This was a much better deal and our 2 kids were thrilled to have their own room. We enjoyed these accomodations so much that we asked how much extra they would charge for the extra room for the remaining 3 days and they gave us a very good deal. We kept the 2 rooms. Both rooms were refurbished and very clean, but the Superior Ocean View was much,much larger,with more furniture and overall floor space. The smaller room, however, had a walk in closet and a additional small room with a sink, counters and cabinets. Both had very small bathrooms, not surprising for a hotel this old. The front desk was very helpful at all times. Restaurant out front was very good for breakfast and inexpensive for the area. The food at the pool was also very good and cooked to order. The pool was nice and the hotel is right on the beach, another plus. There is a small workout room in the lower level. We had a minor problem with one of the toilets in our room and a repairman was there within 5 minutes to fix it. The location of the hotel can't be beat. The walls are thin, as mentioned in previous reviews, but it was not a problem. I would recommend this hotel and especially the Superior Ocean View rooms.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ivelise20
<Content>Decent Hotel       view of suite from the bathroom really spacious!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	2	

<Author>jjendrys
<Content>Never Stay at the Marseilles The hotel is reasonable in comparison to the others in the area, but don't be fooled by it. I booked a suite, which was very nice. Unfortunately, the room did not have air conditioning and room temp remained between 75  78 degrees. I called front desk on 3 occassions and they were unable to address the problem. I asked for another room and was accomodated, but the room was extremely dirty and had a very strange odor. Besides it being extremely dirty the room it self looks like it wasn't updated in years. Luckily, I was able to book a room at another hotel and salvaged my stay. Other than the room, the hotel seems to attract a younger type of crowd. I'd certainly would like to bring that to the attention of people traveling as a family.Also, the hotel staff is awful. When I was discussing the AC issue with the front desk the guy running the desk had a hissy fit and acted like a 2 year old. He literally stamped his feet, threw his radio to the floor and claimed that he was going to have a nervous break down.Just simply stay away and book else where. You won't regret it. Stay away from the Marseilles.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>HollywoodChad
<Content>Had a lot of fun Spent last weekend and had a great time. Sexy weekend, salsa music by the pool bar, had a great room wiih a view of the ocean.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UWSider
<Content>Cool Place, Good Stay! Needed a hotel in Miami Beach that would be close to my couple of business appointments, but I also wanted to just enjoy a couple of beach days. A friend had mentioned the Marseilles, booked it (February) and, in looking back, it was perfect for me. The ocean and beach were right there鈥攁nd my view took it all in, right across the road from the lobby. My room was small but a decent size. The lobby was unexpectedly big, and the public wi-fi worked great. I鈥檒l definitely come back.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>bummerdoo
<Content>With a little TLC... With a little TLC this hotel could match any of the other art deco hotels in the area. The ocean view room we had was large and clean, but the bathroom was very small for a family of four to share. Also, the tub/shower needed updating.  The staff was hit or miss depending who you talked to; so don't expect 4or 5 star treatment. The pool area could have been nicer. Old chairs, chipping paint, and weeds growing through the cracks didn't help. Was there for 5 nights and the same cigerette butt layed on the ground near a pool chair without getting picked up. Access to the beach, restaurants and shopping was fantastic, and my children seemed unphased by the little things at the hotel that bothered me.If the owners put a little more time, effort and money into this property it could rival the other hotels on the same block(South Seas, Richmond, Surfcomber). Until then, they can keep the rates low without impressing anyone.P.S. Had the best coffee in my lifetime at David's II Cafe; a cafe con leche that I still dream about. Also,for lunch we ate twice at La Sandwicherie, great, quick and delicious.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>champuga
<Content>Decent - great location, clean, not as bad as everyone says on here My girlfriends and I stayed here for my bachelorette party, and we had such a great time! The pool bar is great, loved Moses, the beach out front was also great - waitresses come by like every five minutes. The rooms were clean, and the location really cannot be beat. Obviously, there is not really a nightlife in the lobby, but that is why you walk two doors down to the Delano, or down the street to the Setai or Shore Club. My thought is, why not save money on your hotel room, so you can afford the $15 drinks for later? Regardless, I think this place is a great value at $159 a night, especially for South Beach. I would definitely recommend this place to others.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>fverhoog
<Content>Nice! Nut noisy!       Lobby  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	4	1	1	

<Author>travelsmith_8
<Content>A bet that paid off My wife and I, along with our 4 year old daughter, escaped the cold weather of the northeast to spend a few days on south beach and bring in the new year. We had read the mixed reviews on TripAdvisor, visitedthe Marseilles' website (which we were impressed with), and spoken with a few friends who travel to Miami Beach frequently. Our well-informed gamble paid off! From the moment we pulled up to the hotel until our much lamented departure (it's tough putting away sandals and bathing suit, knowing you'll soon be donning gloves and a scarf), we felt like VIP guests. One of the bell boys helped with our bags and rental car (valeted intoa gated lot 1 block away) while another entertained our daughter long enough for us to gather loose items and get our bareings. My wife and daughter had a seat in the tv lounge near the bar while I checked in.Our ocean-front room was spacious, clean, and comfortable. We were frustrated with the lack of a balcony (fotos from the website led me to believe the rooms had balconies)... and the fact that the windows would not open, so I called down to lodge my complaint. It was explained to me that they do in fact have rooms with balconies, but that they are slightly more expensive luxury suites and only have a partial view of the beach, as they are not beachfront rooms. The hotel was at full capacity, but the gentleman at the front desk explained that he would gladly show me one of the rooms, but that while he would try his best to move us if that's what we wished to do,he couldn't promise that we could make the move. Feeling sure that I wouldn't want to cough up the extra money even if we could get the room, I took him up on the offer to see it. Long story short, we dealtwith the lack of a balcony, but now I know that the next time my wife and I want a romantic getaway, we will call the Marseilles and book one of the suites (big jacuzzi, nice stereo system ... and the balcony!). So, what else did we like?1) tasty breakfast on the outdoor patio in front of the hotel, providing an enviable spot for people-watching on Collins Avenue. Something about the patio gave the place a bit of a bed  breakfast like atmosphere, where we ended up having interesting conversation with folks from all over the globe virtually every morning. Because of the convenience factor, not to mention the reasonable prices of thefood, we only slipped away for a splurge on Lincold Rd once. 2) given our daughter's lack of affinity for sand and salt water, we spent a lot of time at the pool, and the awesome little hammock-laden area at the back of the property near the gate to the boardwalk. Our daughter played with friends on the playground (basically a small exercise complex/jungle gym) while we sipped mojitos and relaxed in the nearby hammocks. The pool was adequate, but nothing to rave about.3) the outdoor bar ... and bartender. Although the food menu is very limited, we thoroughly enjoyed the burgers, buffalo wings, and fries.The waiter/bartender we always dealt with was an Ecuadorian fellow by the name of Moses. He took care of us, and seemed to be keeping everyone else happy as well. During the weekend and on New Year's Eve there was a dj out by the bar playing music that was a little louder than we cared for, and not necessarily our style, but the younger crowd, especially the Europeans, really seemed to be enjoying. Over breakfast the next morning we were told that the dj kept the crowd going and growing until finally pulling the plug around 3am. I'm assuming that was a unique situation, as we never heard the dj during evening hours on any of the other nights of our stay.One piece of advice: if you happen to be there on one of the rare nights when it is actually cold in Miami Beach (it got down into the 30s during our stay), don't look for the heat switch; there isn't one!We called down to ask for an extra blanket, which we quickly got, and found out that they have a limited number of space heaters for such occassions, which served us well until the cold spell passed! Almost forgot - I got a great massage in one of the cabanyas out by the pool area. The room was a little stuffy, but the massage therapist, whose name I didn't catch, was excellent.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Marcos8
<Content>A great place to stay Absolutely loved my stay at Marseilles. Location is just what you need - distant from the noise of Ocean Drive, but still within a reach of walking. Many places to eat and shop are available closeby. My room in a hotel was outstanding, very clean, bright and comfortable. Small fridge was useful. Staff is very pleasant. Everybody smiles and greets you, very helpful and attentive. Great place, and right on the beach, too!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>laceysu
<Content>keep looking We stayed at the Marseilles hotel in oct 07 before leaving on a cruise.It looks very nice on the internet, but in reality it needs a lot of work. Smells musty, noisy housekeeping, can't control your own ac. For the price we paid, I expected a lot more. The location is good, in walking distance to lincoln rd which we loved. Direct access to the beach is also a plus.Upon returning from our cruise we stayed at South seas next door, which was a bit cheaper in price and had a nice continental breakfast in the am. The rooms at South seas weren't much better, but for one night it's ok.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>R_Bil
<Content>Don't stay here This is a poor pick for a hotel! To start the windows in the room do not open, they are screwed shut! Did I forget to say there is no AC! They have a vent that turns on about every 10 min for 5 minutes to add air. The Rooms are OLD, and need lots of work. The bathrooms have mold and the paint is cracked if not falling off. To help with ventilation of the room there is a vent built into the door of each room so the cigarette smoke is shared by everyone. The burn marks and tears in the furniture are free of charge. The person at the front desk was more interested in the email on his IPhone than helping anyone. When the other people lined up at the front desk the second person helping at the front desk got off the phone and screwed up the registration. The pool is in need of work, the floating pool light still wired to the pool was a turn off and the dirty towels hanging around did not give anyone a place to sit.The only good thing about the hotel was not the scratched up front door or ripped front awning. It was outside bar with a TV for sports and the music (was too loud at times) they also had small fire pots in the sand to attract people. The service and room were not worth the money. We were booked for a business trip and did not make the reservations. 3 other parties canceled within an hour of being there. And we were tied up at meetings to look for a room. Did I mention their cable TV broken so when watching TV it just gives out! Real nice. My advice if you have to stay there, Rent a tent and stay on the beach!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Traveler_5NY
<Content>Do not stay here If you're going to Miami, you'll want to find another place to stay. The rooms are small and dirty - stains on the rugs, paint chipping in the showers, bugs, dirty bedding, etc. The pool was not much better, no clean towels or anyone ever available outside to help you. To top it off the staff is extremely rude and helpless. They'd actually rather not have your business than try to fix your problem...unbelievable! To say the least I'm extremely disgusted by the whole experiece. I would never go back there.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sillybillyteely
<Content>Good Location Booked through Travelocity, called them twice to make sure they had my reservation. Labor Day weekend was packed. Hotel guests were loud and partying. Didn't like the pool, went next door to the South Seas pool, it was cleaner and nicer. The Marseille Hotel played hip hop/rap music by the pool/bar, so I never used my free drink tickets, don't care for that music. The location was good, the front desk people were nice, but the hotel seemed run down. Could not find the air conditioner control, it was never cold enough for me, the shower nozzle kept falling off, the refrigerator was never cold, the kitchen sink constantly dripped, you have to lay sideways on your bed to watch T.V. The food at the restaurant, if you want to call it a restaurant, was fair. I had to take my own soy milk for caffe con leche since they did not have a milk alternative. The hotel guests next to me partied until 5:00 a.m. Would I stay here again? Probably not. I think I would go next door to the South Seas, since I liked their pool and it seemed to have a nice clientele, more relaxing.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	2	4	3	2	

<Author>oliveerpent
<Content>Hotel with good location Hotel with a good location in the center of the art deco district. Very easy to walk along the boulevards as Ocean Drive, Collins Avenue, aso..Nice swimming pool and acces to the ocean and the beaches.No parking for your car and very noisy during the night. You have the choice between the noise of the boulevard of the noise of the air conditioner very old fashioned...We spent a couple of days but never again  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>bori79
<Content>Loved It!! I took my Mom to Miami for her birthday and stayed at the Marseilles for 3 nights in August. I have to say that I was absolutely pleased with everything there. The lobby is beautiful, great for pictures!! The rooms are small yes, but very clean and the beds were super comfortable. The pool and hammock area are absolutely the best! And as if nothing could get better right after that is THE BEACH!!! The staff was very nice, helpful and attentive. My Miami experience was amazing and the Marseilles Hotel was definitely a big part of that. I will be back!!!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Jess628
<Content>Never got to stay there... Went to Miami Beach for the weekend with my husband, my brother and his girlfriend. Arrived at the front desk around 6:00 pm on Thursday, August 16, 2007, but they had no room for us. The hotel was overbooked (I still don't understand how that happens...my brother arrived the night before, and the same thing happened. However, he was given a 2-floor suite at the Marseilles for the night, and then had to move to a regular room for the rest of the trip. We both booked through Travelocity.)Anyhow, they sent us one block north to the sister hotel, The Dorchester, and upgraded us to a king suite. The room was older, but very clean. A/C worked great (we could control it and it was cold!!), beds weren't too hard, shower was fine. In addition to the bedroom and bathroom, there was also a small kitchen with range, fridge, and microwave, dining room, living room. It was actually almost 3 times bigger than my brother's regular room at the Marseilles. Although initially furious, it all worked out. How much time do you really spend in the room anyway??I was hesitant after reading the reviews, but went through with the reservation. The person I dealt with at the front desk was very sorry for the mix-up. I begged a little to stay, but he said he really didn't have anything. I could have pitched a fit, but what good would that have done? I just wanted a place to put my bags, freshen up, and start my weekend. I only paid $100/night, so I guess you get what you pay for. I doubt I'll ever stay in Miami Beach again - EVERYTHING costs way more than I want to spend. An average meal for 2 was at least $35, and that's without alcohol. The bars were even worse...$18 for a pitcher of Bud Light at the Liquor Lounge 4 blocks south. Next time, I'll stay north in Hallandale or Aventura. It's cheaper and a lot less crowded.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>luvtotravel84
<Content>Great hotel! Great City! I'm not sure if the hotel was renovated since some of these negative reviews were written but, it was great for us.My girlfriend and I stayed there for a week and had a great time. Everything was clean and looked new to me. The staff were very nice and had good recommendations for us to go out.To be fair, we didn't spend much time in the room itself. Mostly at the nice pool or at the beach by day and at the lobby bar to start the night off before going out all night. The bar was never really busy so it's not a destination.I think some other reviewer said it also but, it is exactly like the pictures you see on their website. So if it looks good to you there, you'll probably be very satisfied.I travel a lot for work and usually stay at the typical chains so I think some people go to South Beach expecting the same type of mainstream place. That is not what the city is about and hopefully it never gets there, not the hotels, restaurants, or anything. SoBe is like a completely different country, in a good way! When I go back, I will certainly stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>PrettyBrownGirl
<Content>Great Location, Lovely Hotel I will admit, due to the reviews I've seen, I was a little skeptical about staying here. I'm glad I went with my gut and kept this reservation. We were put in a beautiful oceanview room (which was exactly what it boasted, a view of the ocean). The room was clean, decently sized and visually appealing. The pool was small but suited our needs because neither of us can swim. lol. The front desk guy, Julian I believe his name was, was a sweetheart and made sure that our stay at the hotel was lovely. There was a small problem with my reservation, I was double booked for some reason, and Julian took care of it making sure I was billed at the cheaper rate. The hotel is in a great location, right off the boardwalk. You are literally a hop, skip and jump away from the beach!The only reason why I didn't give this hotel 5 stars was the fact that we didn't have cable, the air conditioning unit was noisy, and there was a small leak in the bathroom by the toilet (we didn't report it b/c it'wasn't a big deal to us). Overall, our stay at the Marseilles was beautiful. We would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bud9
<Content>Recommended but beware... ...you can not control your own a/c in the rooms. I booked this hotel because it was a fair price at a little over $100 a night which for South Beach is very good. The front of the hotel is very nice, the lobby is also great. The valet was full but we used the hotels next doors valet for $25 which is around the standard price. The staff was very nice. I requested a king bed and recieved it. The room was clean and even though it is renovated you can still tell that it is an old hotel. In reality most of the hotels on South Beach are pretty old but redone so they are mostly the same. The bar in the hotel is nice for a drink before you hit the town. The location is excellent, right on the beach and next to some big name hotels like the Delano and the Ritz. The pool area was very nice and the beach area was also great and had its own bar. You have direct access to the South Beach boardwalk behind the hotel which is great to walk down. Now to the two complaints that I had. The room is noisy, you can here the people in the rooms next door and you can here people opening their rooms up all around you. The second like I mentioned in the beginning you can not control your own a/c, you can just control the vent. The a/c in my room was terrible, I requested something to be done and the staff was very helpful. They let me try two more rooms, a king room th esame as mine which had the same a/c problem and then an ocean view king room that actually felt like air was coming through the vents. They were very helpful and we wer elucky they had this other room available, but beware that if you like your room cold when you go to sleep at night you might have a problem with this hotel. A lot of the hotels around the area are like this, which means you have to spend a little more money to be able to control the air, thats South Beach for you. All in all for th emoney the hotel is great, looks nice, great locations, clean but old. Id recommend staying here for a couple nights at the most, I would stay somewhere else more expensive or like a chain hotel if you plan on staying in the area for more then two nights.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Adriana_9899
<Content>What a scam! I booked a room at the Marseilles Hotel for a convention in May of 2007. I called the week before the convention to confirm my reservation and was told that everything was fine at that time. When I arrived at the hotel on a Friday night, I was told that the hotel had overbooked, so they had no rooms available for me. They took my credit card and told me that my reservation was still with them, but I would actually be staying in the Continental Hotel, one block away. When I arrived at the Continental, I immediately realized that it was a much lower quality hotel (stains in the carpet and on the walls, cracks in the ceiling, trash in the hallways, shower head and sink did not work properly, etc). Additionally, when I inquired about rates, I discovered that the Continental charged $30 less per night than the Marseilles. However, when I returned to the Marseilles to check out three days later, the hotel manager refused to adjust my bill to reflect the quality of my lodging. In fact, he informed me that he paid $25 per night more than I paid in order for me to stay at the Continental. I find the entire situation to be pretty questionable. I do not recommend booking at the Marseilles under any circumstances. Just go ahead and book directly with a lesser quality hotel - at least that way, you will pay for what you're getting.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lola09
<Content>Marseilles was ok! The hotel was ok on the hole, there was just a few things that could have made our stay beter:The hotel could have been a little cleaner, we had a Cockroach as big as a mouse in our bathroom.Our friend came on her period unexpectedly while at the hotel, and leaked through onto the sheets one night, they never changed the sheet.The staff on the front desk where not at all helpful on the whole, apart from a man who looked suprisingly like Jerry Springer who was very helpful and nice.Not that bad for what we paid on the hole!!!!!!  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	4	2	3	

<Author>lmondrop86
<Content>Would stay there again we had booked our stay in miami at the continental on collins avenue but they gave us a whole lot of trouble. last minute we went to the marseilles and they gave us a great price and that is where we stayed instead. the staff was very friendly and for once, the hotel looks exactly like the pictures! the hotels location is fabulous. the room we were initally given was cold and they gave us a new room without any hassels or question. the hammocks out back are great and all in all the marseilles made our stay all that much more enjoyable.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>swensonp
<Content>Awesome Stay       View from our window  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Robbed_John
<Content>Big Expensive mistake DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL.First, we feel we were robbed by a man with a keyboard instead of a gun.Secondly, it is shabby at any price.Being robbed was partially our fault. A friend recommended the hotel as a good location and it is. When I looked at trip adviser I saw prices from around $150 - not bad for South Beach. My wife made the reservation on their web site for two nights in Feb.,07. The confirming email said: Total (before tax) 310.00. So far so good. She did the checking in and they did not discuss price because she had reserved online. We ended up with a Superior room with an Ocean View. That is a joke, you can see the ocean with binoculars through a crack between the buildings. (This was not an Ocean front room with a nice balcony but a room at the street end of the building with a window that stuck out from the building and you could see the Ocean. They also charge 25.00 for parking and the tax (which is high in Florida) was $40.30. Also there is a $1.00 charge for the room safe. for a total of $378.05 per night. When we went to check out, our bill was $765.10 for TWO NIGHTS not a week. My wife did not print the confirmation, so we could not argue and just paid the bill.Second, our room was old, shabby, and noisy as many of the reviews state. Perhaps there are better rooms, but ours certainly was not one of them. The carpet was worn and dirty. The tile in the bathroom was moldy and dirty. The plumbing did not work well. The water was only luke warm. The window was so dirty, you had to stoop and look around to find a semi-transparent place to enjoy the ocean view. The walls are paper thin and you can hear every noise in the hall. The doors are so bad, everyone has to jank on them to open them and then slam them to close them. With paper thin walls, this is just delightful to hear all day and night. We also had a room near the elevator and this just added to the din. It was an absolute disgrace for $378 a night even for South Beach.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	3	-1	

<Author>worldtraveler1219
<Content>Great city, bad hotel stay My boyfriend and I booked 1 night at the Marseilles in a suite about 6 months in advance for New Years Ever. We had also booked a standard room in case anyone we knew wanted to come last minute and needed a room. We called about 3 weeks before our stay to cancel the standard room and to confirm our suite, and we were told our reservation was confirmed, but that we were lucky to have gotten one night as they have a 3 night minimum for New Years Weekend. They mentioned no issues with our being able to stay in the Jacuzzi Suite during this call. We arrived at the hotel a few hours before check in and were told we would need to wait until check in to find out anything about our room. We had lunch and went back to inquire and were told that the person who stayed in our suite the night before hadnt yet checked out. The front desk person said they had been overbooked so they gave someone our room for that night and that they explained this person would need to switch for New Years. They said that legally, they were unable to remove that persons things from the room and switch them without them present and that we would need to wait. The front desk mentioned that if we wanted to relax or wash up, they could give us a standard room to wait in and that we would have our suite in no time. I'm sure you can guess what happened - we ended up in the standard room and did quite a bit of complaining about being lied to for several hours. The good news is they did discount the room considerably and offer us vouchers for breakfast the next day. However, this was not offered until we complained to such an extent that other guests were concerned as well and we explicitly said that we expected some form of remuneration for what we went through, and being lied to. They did also neglect to tell us the hours of the cafe service, leaving us to sleep in and miss our free meal. We used the extra money to go out for a nice New Years dinner and when we came back we did discover that our room was one of two in the entire hotel with a small balcony overlooking the beach and other hotels. It was full of paint and wood chips but it really was a nice view and its too bad this isnt available in the other rooms. Since it was New Years, we were able to see fireworks and other events going on in the lounge areas of the Collins hotels. We ended up having a nice evening because we made the best of it, but the room was below average, had a smell to it, and the bathroom needed renovations. With a bit of money the rooms could have at least been clean and modern but the state of them made me not want to spend any time in them, even if I was instead on the debris filled balcony.Great location and good potential, but they need to work on customer service and being more apologetic with reservation issues. We didnt have time to take advantage of the pool /cabana area but it was beautiful and it is obvious where the majority of the maintenance budget goes. Next time I'm in South Beach, I'll do better research and stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lthompson22
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised. We were a bit concerned about staying at the Marseilles after reading some of the reviews on the internet but I have to say we were more than pleasantly surprised. The front desk staff couldn't have been friendlier and our room was much better than we had anticipated. It was spacious and clean. The bar area is small but, again, the bartender was great. The pool area was attractive and, contrary to other reviews, the pool was very clean. The location is worth a much higher rate with the best hotels on the beach within a block of the Marseilles. All area attractions are within a very short walk. The Marseilles is a work in progress with renovations ongoing. I look forward to staying there on my next visit to Miami.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KateTheNetherlands
<Content>If you like trouble.. The room was quite expensive, the bed was rotten (didn't sleep a wink), the water in the tub didn't go away, the ac didn't work and the tv was snowy. Also the elevator didn't work properly. When I checked out (thank God!) I informed the receptionist and all I got was a: Oh....Don't go to this hotel unless you like to complaint all the time...  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elisa_salsera
<Content>Good location but dowdy hotel and unfriendly staff The location is the only good about that hotel, all main attractions of South Beach are within walking distance. The hotel is very old and has not been renovated since it was built in the 30ies (at least it doesn't seem to be). Everything is a bit dowdy and the staff is really unfriendly. The rooms are quite ok and clean but it is not possible to open any window. Beware that the hotel is very noisy, we didn't find any sleep the first night because of machines located on the same floor and neighbours coming home very late at night. The hotel is a good bargain if you want to stay right on Collins Avenue, it has a good location and is located right next to the fancy hotels like the Delano. Still, there are much nicer hotels for the same price, we compared prices and there are some small Hotels on Ocean Drive for the same price that look much nicer.Don't eat breakfast at the hotel, it is absolutely overprized. Even on Ocean Drive breakfast is cheaper and you get better things.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	2	3	2	

<Author>Kungfufi
<Content>great location, but that is about all I stayed at this hotel because it is close to the Miami Beach Convention Center. It is good location where everything is within walking distance, but after arriving at Miami beach I realised almost everything is within walking distance.The room itself is in desperate need for upates. However, the hotel is repainting the outside, so they obviously realise that. The service was ok to minimal. The room does not provide complimentary slippers, and the carpet does not look like it is clean enough to walk bare foot on. A few things that that is good about this hotel is that it has an OK pool out back, and walks out to the beach, which is nice. Also our room has nice corner view of the beach, which makes it worth while.Next time I go to Miami I will definitely try another hotel.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	2	

<Author>JohnnyBB
<Content>Shocking disturbance kept us awake all night. The hotel was ok - has nice communal areas, large pool, free parking; and is in a nice location backing on to the beach and close to the restaurants. The room was small and the bathroom was very small and a bit tired. Our main issue was that a large group of younsters were staying on the same floor - they may have taken over the whole hotel for all I know. They were in and out of there rooms all night long - and we had a long drive the next day down to Key West so we needed a good night's rest. They were even playing American football in the corridor at 3 am. Our fault perhaps as we should have complained to the management and perhaps they could have taken action. Don't get me wrong, I don't mind young people enjoying themselves but our our 5 year old daughter was kept awake most of the night. I don't know why hotels - which accept families - put up with such unruly behaviour. I loved Miami Beach but would never stay at this hotel again or recommend it to anyone because of this.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nkh105
<Content>Horrible Hotel My friends and I recently returned from what was supposed to be a terrific weekend during October 6-9, 2006 at this hotel. Let me begin by stating that this is a poorly ran hotel. We were staying in a suite which had no air conditioning and a dirty bathroom. However, that was nothing in comparison to what we went through the next day. We had no running water. We complained and the Manager and Staff dismissed our complaints. We were hot and unable to take showers we were stuck in our rooms for over 8 hours because we were unable to take a shower. When the water finally started running it was black and filled with bacteria according to the maintence department. So we had to wait an additional three hours for it to clean up. The next day there was no running water at all and we demanded to speak to the General Manager who refused to speak to us. We were then forced to walk on South beach with our luggage and without taking showers or brushing our teeth, and using the bathroom to their other property at Dorchester Suites. When we got there we were given a substandard room with no air-conditioning and no shower head. We were forced to shower in the fitness room. Several hours later we were transferred to a suite in which the toilet overflowed. Once maintenance arrived and fixed it we asked for Housekeeping and they never showed up. We were forced to clean the bathroom ourselves and remove the water and mildew in the bathrooms. We have since filed several complaints against this hotel. I just hope to save others from this hotel and I would strongly advise take your business elsewhere. I have stayed at several hotels and never have I expierenced the disrepect and embarrasment that I have faced while staying here.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cblossom
<Content>Don't do it!!!!!! We arrived at the hotel at about 11pm on a sat. night, checked in and was upgraded to a Junior Suite. We were very happy and couldn't wait to see the room. Well, it wasn't anything special. The hallways had wallpaper peeling off, paint was chipping everywhere. The tiled floor in the room was cracked. We tried to fall asleep numerous times and was awakened about every 20 minutes by a door slaming or people yelling. We call down to the front desk and was finally moved to another room after the 5th complaint. This room was a little better, not so scary looking, although still not in good shape. During our first full day at the hotel we were unable to take a shower b/c the water stopped working. We complained and were told it would be up an running in 15 mins. ( which did not happen) Luckily the water was working that night so we were able to shower before bed. The following day we woke up sweating and thought that we just didn't have the air on high enough in the room, but come to find out that the a/c wasn't working in the entire hotel. We were also unable to shower that morning b/c the water wasn't working..AGAIN! Valet is $25 a day to park and takes about 30 min to get your car once you request it from the hotel next door. The pool area was nice and there is direct access to the beach from the hotel. Although there were problems...the hotel didn't give us a hard time once we complained at check-out and we were given the 2 nights that we stayed for free. If you are looking to stay in even just an average hotel with basic things like running water and a/c, the Hotel Marseilles is not for you.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	4	2	-1	

<Author>remotecfo
<Content>Not a bad hotel at all I was very scared after I read reviews about the hotel but I found the hotel to be very good. Me and my wife stayed at the hotel for five nights and found this hotel to be the best place to stay. The staff was very friendly, the hotel was very clean and the best part is that the hotel was right in the middle of all the action. Dining, shopping and beach. What else do you want. The hotel had a pool, bar, pool table and direct access to the beach. The rooms were clean but small but enough for a couple. The road side restaurent was good. Will surely go back and stay in this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>bulawil
<Content>not bad at all!       passage to heaven, once you visit you will understand.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>GhingusKahn
<Content>Don't expect 4 Star Service and you will be fine The Marseilles is in a great location, one of the best locations in South Beach, close to everything!We had a large group of people staying at this hotel and every room was completely different which adds to the charm. Although they were not without problems. The cleanliness left something to be desired. Many of the problems were purely cosmetic and the rooms were in need of some improvements but none of them were filthy.There were some rooms that smelled of urine and our room had trouble with the air conditioning - Thank goodness that during our stay it never got above 70.The staff was not motivated to offer any help and half the time unwilling to help when asked. BE CAUTIOUS when it comes to your bill - they messed up everyone's bill in some way - and make sure to check your credit card bill when you get it because one person in our group was charged twice for her stay!On a positive note, this hotel is on the beach, has a nice pool and lounging area, a bar, restaurant and a sidewalk cafe.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definetly avoid this hotel Well, there were so many terrible things at this hotel, I hope I can remember them all forthis posting. First of all, (and my biggest compliant) was when the housekeeping staff stole $50 from my room and the manager did absolutely nothing. Also, the person incharge of the pool bar was totally rude and completely unhelpful, ontop of flat out lying to me. Those things were nothing compared to the enormous roach I saw in the shower when I checked in, and once I alerted the staff about it, they told me there was nothing I could do because they were all booked up. At one point, (when I was dumb enough to eat at the hoetl restaurant) I asked for a coke, and the waiter told me We are all out of coke, but there is a coke machine inside, and upstairs. At one point during my stay, there was a very loud party going on on my floor, when I called the front desk for some help, the person on the phone started yelling at me and told me to Stop complaining.I don't care about how much of a budget you are on, or how important it is to stay close to the 'action' this was THE WORST hotel I have ever been in. I really wish the better business beaureu would shut it down. Beware when staying there, be ware.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Not so Great Staff nor Hotel Itself Just like all of the reviews said, the location is great. Lincold Rd, Collins Ave, Ocean Drive and of course the beach are all very close to the hotel. You dont need to rend a car at all. The hammocks in the hotel are great and very relaxing. On the other hand, the hotel is pretty old and it definately feels like it. The staff was unattentive and even a little rude. If you don't speak Spanish, they completely ignore you and first service those people who do speak Spanish. The staff does not dress in uniforms, never smile, and all seem like they hate being there. Not friendly at all.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>richiegags
<Content>Good for the money Above average for the money..Pros... good pool, decent location (about 3-4 blocks from Ocean Drive), clean, friendly service.Cons... Room quality is weak, PAPER THIN walls (you could hear EVERY time your neighbors left the room because of the way the door slams back)Ideally I'd give it 3 1/2 stars if I could....but definitely worth the money.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>edlara
<Content>for budget traveler for the location in south beach you cant beat the price for this little hotel,if you wanna spend 300.00 per night then you need to go somewhere else ,rooms are very basic but clean ,easy access to the beach or you can stay in the pool area,the best part was to meet Moses the bartender this guy is gret and seems like he works 24 hours a day ,he is in charge from the bar in the pool and then you'll see him at the lobby bar some times untill 2 or 3 am and dont be surprise if almost al the guests stop by and say hello to him.In my experience this hotel was really good for the price so if you look for an inexpensive place give it a shot  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location, nice staff, clean rooms This was a cute little hotel with excellent location on the same part of the beach as The Ritz Carlton, The Shore Club, The Setai and right near the Delano. Nice staff and a good breakfast and lunch served on the front porch. Bathrooms need an update- peeling linoleum. Very comfortable bed and pillows- soft sheets...Get a hammock in the palm grove behind the hotel and lounge in the shade- The drinks are pricey at $6.00 for a Corona. We brought our own..... all in all a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Musty Marseilles The worst Martini I have ever been served in America - dirty glass, unatmospheric bar, poor mix. This hotel has so much potential but it needs a generous benefactor to restore it to former glories. Just visit the nearby Raleigh - it can be done. Loved the ocean front view we were given but the poor decor, cracked tiles and creaking beds gave the impression of a very run down bed and breakfast. The interior needs a thorough clean - grease smears on fixtures and fittings not what you expect. The so called banqueting room smells like a greasy spoon. Service indifferent. Despite my stay in the musty Marseilles we loved South Beach - next time we will pay a little more to avoid staying at something that resembles a rooming house.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient to Everything My husband and I stayed for two nights recently. We were delighted with the location, close to everything including shopping and restaurants, even Walgreen's one block away.The staff were extremely helpful when my husband needed a minor amount of medical attention.Small, but convenient pool, the beach is footsteps from the pool. We especially enjoyed the shady hammocks available for guests.We have stayed at other, more costly hotels nearby, but have decided that we would return to Hotel Marseilles without a doubt!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Roaches......Ants........Roaches...... If you don't mind sharing your room with a few ROACHES or taking a shower in a clogged bath tub (and by the time you are finished, the water is past your ankles),then this is the place for you!!!!The hotel has a perfect South Beach location, price was not too bad because I had a discount, but the room is not worth more than $100 a night. The 'clean' towels had someone's hair on it, the fridge smelled, there were tiny ants in the beds some days. YOU CANNOT LEAVE ANY TYPE OF FOOD ANYWHERE IN THE ROOM, BECAUSE BY THE TIME YOU GET BACK, IT WILL BE COVERED BY ANTS!!!!!AS for the ROACHES, I seen at least 3 BIG ROACHES OR WATERBUGS crawling around on the ground first, then I spotted one on the wall. I refused to stay in that room another second, so I went to complain to a manager, and he changed our room to a oceanview room because we were leaving the next day.OVERALL I WOULD NEVER GO BACK TO THIS HOTEL!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lauren6318
<Content>Marseilles nice, but less than expected. Total Party Crowd. my boyfriend and I went to south beach about 2 weeks ago. When deciding on hotels, i totally decided based on pics from the internet and the hotels very nice website. The alternative was a chain hotel. While the hotel was ok, no real problems, i expected more of a luxury hotel since this hotel had three stars on other travel sites. The hotel was a bit more run down than i expected. The carpets and bedding / lamps are new, but the bathrooms must've dated to the early 70's. The girls next door were loud till 4 am, every nite. Seemed like a $130/ nite hotel, not a $225/nite hotel. would've spent a few extra bucks for something nicer, or we could've gotten the same standard hotel cheaper elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Staff make the Hotel a nice place to stay       Marseilles Poolside  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cmskjg
<Content>Great location The hotel is in a great location. You are on the beach, for a great price compared with the hotels within a two block radius. You stay at this hotel, but you hang out later at the Delano, the Raleigh and the Shore Club, all within walking distance. A great place to eat is La Galleria located about 3 blocks south, 1 block past a Walgreens, which did come in handy. If you reserve an oceanfront room, be sure to request the one where the door is not directly next to the next rooms door. My girlfriends are I were woken up 2 nights in a row at 4 in the morning by our neighbors, the first night it sounded like they were trying to get into our room and then security showed up. We complained to the front desk but all they would do is tell us that the people checked out. The second night it was new people, but again security showed up. This time in telling the front desk we spoke with a nice man who took money off of our room for both nights. The service really stinks in the cafe out front, I would suggest not eating there, the food is better and cheaper at La Galleria right down the street. After looking at the prices of what it would cost to stay at the hotels that I liked better, I have to admit that I would probably stay here again, only now I know what to ask for in a room and where to go for food.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay for Valentines day !!! My girl and I read all the reviews and went into it expecting an average hotel in a great location with less than spectacular staff. THIS HOTEL WAS MORE THAN I BARGAINED FOR ! There was a problem with the temperature in our room and it was fixed within 15 minutes. The staff were competent and complimentary to the great weather. The rooms are adequate and the shower pressure spectacular. The pool guy they contracted with was entertaining and just added to the flavor of the place. The drinks were insanely expensive but so is the rent on collins ave. It might be difficult for this establishment to keep up with the day to day stuff during peak season so know this going into it. I would definitely stay here again, as their rates are competitive and reasonable.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LMN123
<Content>Very Satisfied with the Marsielles on South Beach My family spent five nights at the Marseilles during the holidays. The hotel is filled with the grandeur of a spectacular era. The hotel was in a prime location for us to take advantage of the beach, shopping, dining and even two museums. The children enjoyed the pool, and it was wonderful to have the beach right outside. Cheery  happy to help, the staff were a delight. We would recommend the hotel for the price and location.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mkesg
<Content>Can't Wait to Get Back to The Marseilles       Marseilles Hotel  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't waste your money I recently stayed with a group so we had many rooms at the hotel. Our room had no Alarm clock, refrigerator, half the channels on the TV didn't come in,the shower worked awful,the door stuck BAD. A couple of my co workers rooms smelled. A couple rooms had Cockroaches and to top it off I got stuck in the elevator. I don't suggest this hotel, Saving money is one thing, but if you have to stay here you'd be better off at home.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not so great. The Hotel Marseilles' photos on the Web site were very misleading, as many have said. The odor was awful, kind of musty and moldy. Rooms were very small and cleanliness was an issue. The window of one of our rooms was boarded up and the staff goofed on our reservations and said there was only one room booked, even though we had booked two and verified three days before that the rooms were still available. We ended up moving to another hotel, and the only great thing about Marseilles was a supervisor who took away the charge for cancelling on the same day as check-in because he understood our situation.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Vaniester
<Content>Worst service ever I just returned from a weekend from hell at the Marseilles. I chose this hotel by the reviews on this website and there is just no possbile way that these people who write glowing reviews were at the same hotel I just left. Where to start..... The room looked nice enough. It seems to be newly furnished although the paint was chipping. The walls were paper thin. The beds were very very squeaky. The pillows left me with extreme neck pains. All this I could have over looked had the rest of my experience not been so horrible. The bathroom that others called quaint was very old. The bathtub had been painted white( you could see the paint streaks). While showering expect to get scalded because the water temperature changes very unexpectedly. Also the shower emits a deafening squealing noise when the water is on, I know I am not the only one with such a problem because I was able to hear the same noise comming from my neighbors room every time they showered. The bathroom door got very stuck everytime you closed it because it had been painted over so many times. Our window would not stay open you had to prop something in there to hold it.On the second day of our stay, our airconditioner broke. In july. In Miami beach! The moment you stepped off the evevator there was a thick hot musty smell on our floor. The hotel was less than helpful with this. Everytime I asked what was going on I was offered nothing more than they are working on it. I finally decided to speak to the manager before I went out for the afternoon. He was very huffy and told me well you are going out now anyway what does it matter? When I returned there was still no cold air and no sign of any repair man. When an employee came to my room to drop of towels he came in to see if there was a problem. He then had the audacity to point to our window that overlooked Collins and tell us to open it. Finally I saw a friendly face at the front desk. It was Moisses who was not only our bartender by the pool but also a bellhop and front desk atendant. He was able to get us another room. This room was tiny but at least the airconditioning worked. The bathroom door had been painted so many times that I was actually trapped in the bathroom and not able to get back out. Someone in ym room had to rush the door for it to open. The pool had sand all over the floor. And bugs floating at the suface. I was in no way expecting a fancy place. What I did expect was service and respect which I did not get from this hotel. The one thing I will say about it is that the rooms were clean so the maids were doing thier jobs which is more than I can say for anyone else here. Do not bother with this place. The location is great but save yourself the headache and go elsewhere.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please don't go by hotels website pictures !!!! HELLO,I was very dissapointed with this hotel. The rooms need major renovations. This hotel is nothing like the pictures on their website. Rooms are very small, beds are old and squeaky, very basic amenities. WOULD STAY AT OTHER HOTEL IN THE FUTURE.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disgusting Hotel !! We choose this hotel from the pictures on the internet. Well this hotel is definitly not anything like the pictures. I found a cockroach in my room and my friend found a white worm in her milk!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Now thats what I call disgusting. It is not because the hotel is inexpensive that it has to be dirty.The rooms are small, so are alot of hotel rooms in Europe, I personally didn't mind the size but hygene should be a priority. I do not reccomend this hotel.................  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>karen-aussie
<Content>Overpriced, smelly, noisy and rude My boyfriend and I stayed over the memorial day weekend - as such this hotel was extremely overpriced. The hotel stunk, the food was terrible, the people there were extremely rude. There were people let into the hotel who didn't have a room who ran up and down the hallways the whole night, yelling and screaming. We called reception to advise them of the situation, but nothing was done about it. It was a terrible experience - the worst place I've stayed at to date - even backpacking hostels are better! Trust me - do NOT come here.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Updated Decor- Great Location Just got back last night- 1)ROOMS: All of the cheaper rooms are small, especailly if you get a double- BUT, VERY WELL DECORATED AND SPOTLESS! What they lacked in size, they made up for in understated designer decor. REMEMBER, these are remodeled old hotels; the bathrooms are all art deco tile, but very well reworked! We got a double(my boyfriend and I) and it was OK, the frig. worked well and the beds were VERY comforatble!!! CHARLIE at the front desk was very helpful-ask him for insider info. to eats and clubs. Fitness room below lobby. Next time, I'm going to ask about the SUITES...not many avail., but they are 5 times larger- have full kitchenettes and a balcony-some with direct ocean views- ASK ABOU THEM, because I didn't see them advertised anywhere! 2)LOCATION:Fantastic...1 block away from Lincoln blvd.-pedestrian mall-great designed knock-offs of everything, plus lots of boutique style clothing stores with trendy pieces= Just what any girl with expensive taste on a budget could ask!! For serious designer shopping (ie. serious financial damage)-go to Ocean drive(starts at 15th and Collins) or lower SOBE (around 5th/6th st.) All things Vercace are there!!! The Cuban rest. just down the street- has excellent baked chicken with saffron rice and veggies-plus their coffee stand is open 24/7-great midnight snacks. Also, the hotel has a cute cafe in front (we didn't wake up early enough to eat their breakfeast) 3)BEACH:Rent the YELLOW STRIPES umbrellas on the beach in back of the hotel-they were much more accomodating than the blue umbrella people- They let us stay on the beach until 6PM when the other company made us leave at 5PM the day before. (LOOK FOR THE CUBAN GUY WHO WEARS WHITE SOCKS INSTEAD OF SHOES-HE WORKS FOR THEM -we called himSenor Socks, he was VERY ACCOMODATING-don't forget to tip him well- it got us an extra chair for an unexpected friend plus a primo location and great service all day) Made sandwhiches for the beach, froze choc. bars and brought our own drinks- we were happy campers!!(Don't forget your thong bikini- almost naked is normal there, PLUS you may get better service:)  4)CLUBS: If your into the party scene, save your money for what really matters: clothes and clubs. SPACE (downtown) IS THE LARGEST DANCE CLUB IN THE US- costs about $12-15 to get there by taxi and cover is usually $20 bucks-ask the staff if they know the password-you may get in free.(YOU CAN BUY TICKETS TO SOME NIGHTS AHEAD OF TIME AND NOT HAVE TO WAIT IN THE AVERAGE JOE LINE- check Space's website in the hotel's lobby to se what's goin on) Get there before 11PM so you won't have to wait in line too long.. Lots of other great clubs on SOBE too-just ran out of time) 5)FOOD:Made sandwhiches and brought them to the beach so we could spend our money on what really mattered- clubs, clothes and great dining at night. On ESPANOLA WAY(a trendy ave. with great boutique rest.)-about 5 blocks away, up Washington, ZULA's is the best kept secret- a little pricey ($19-25 per entree)but worth it - Try to get a table outside- you feel like youve gone to Europe. The sushi-quality Tuna was unbelievable- the Salmon dish always excellent-(BONUS:You get 2-1 cocktails with meal-and always go with one of the chefs specials) !IMPORTANTE:GO WITH A LAID BACK ATTITUDE, A MYSTIC TAN AND YOUR SEXIEST CLOTHES;you'll feel like you live their instead of just being a tourist!! Can't wait to go back!!!  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Creyes80
<Content>Cool Hotel This hotel was really nice. The staff was really nice and the hotel itself was clean. It's located right on the heart of South beach. It's within minutes to clubs and restaurants. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is trying to pay less at a descent hotel in Miami.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rude staff, misleading hotel I and my friend booked a room for this hotel under the impression that we would be sleeping in a double bed bedroom and instead walked into a hotel room with a king size bed. Upon arrival at the front desk there were problems with other customers complaining of rooms not being what they booked...When asked about the room and why it was not what we booked, Patty, the so called hotel manager gave an attitude and said thats what they had and thats what we are going to get and to basically deal with it. After much going back and forth and me putting her in her place we had to end up switching hotels to the Riande, which I made the Marseilles book at the lowest rate possible, which was not that much better looks wise but staff wise they were wonderful and we had a MUCH bigger room with DOUBLE BEDS. Warning to others, DO NOT EVER STAY AT THE MARSEILLES. The staff was very rude, with the exception of a guy named Julian and a manager named Peter. The staff also claims that when you book the hotel room through the call center, that they don't have anything to do with the room that you were told you would receive. Which did not make any sense. The hotel room was very tiny and the bathroom was nasty and small as well. When you walked into the lobby it smelled as old as dust. I should have just went ahead and booked a room at the Park Central on Ocean as I had planned. Next time I KNOW better and if you are smart, you would take heed to this warning. DON'T STAY AT THE MARSEILLES.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Alright, I guess! I went to Miami on April 29-May 2, 2005. We had a standard room, with double beds! Okay let me start by sayin' it was 4 of us, and we were cramped up in this little room!!! It really is toooooo small for 4 people. The restrooms are old and really needs a upgrade!!! NOT TO MENTION THE TOILET OVERFLOWED! Don't be fooled!!! The hotel doen't look like the pic's on the internet!! Even though all the art deco hotels look old and like they all need some work! I would recommend staying on Collins Ave., or Ocean Drive because it's near everything! Overall the hotel was okay but we did have some problems...... and If it's got a cheap rate get it!  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't go back Stayed with my wife and kids on 25th and 26th March. It's overpriced as all hotels seem to be on South Beach. Room was big but not especially clean and the bathroom needed a major overhaul. Main problem was the noise. The airconditioning sounded like a wind tunnel and the controls didn't work so you couldn't turn it off. Added to this was the noise from the road and the hotel next door which I guess isn't their fault. The hotel next door blasted out continuous 'music' that consisted of a loud throbbing bass line that scrambled your brain and someone shouting over the top with no discernible tune or melody. It made it impossible to relax by the pool without industrial ear protection. The only good point was the pavement cafe for breakfast.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing stay at the Marseilles Just returned from a 2 night stay at the Marseilles. Our stay started with rude, inconsiderate staff with the exception of Julian at the front desk. The parking situation was atrocious. We were not able to pull up to the hotel to unload our car because the restaurant manager had the front blocked by a pick-up truck. The manager refused to move the truck and stated that this situation was standard operating procedure. Shouldn't the staff accomodate the paying customers and not the other way around?? We were never informed that parking was 1/2 block away and cost $18 per day. Furthermore, we were promised a spot which was a total joke. Our room faced a concrete wall and was next to the elevator which was very noisy. I don't think the beds have been replaced since 1948...it was very uncomfortable with little support. The bathroom was unclean and tiny. The uncaring attitude of the staff trickles down from the owner to the management to the staff. We left a message for the owner on his voicemail and requested a call back which was never returned. The pictures on the hotel's website are very misleading. If you're going to South Beach...do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else!  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Just got back from a 4 night stay at the Marseilles Hotel with my boyfriend. The location is excellent, right near Lincoln and Ocean ave, and directly on the beach. Decent pool area and great breakfast is served at the hotel.The pictures of the hotel on their website were beautiful, but in reality the hotel is very old and the rooms were extremely small. The shower had hot water, but the floor and sink was peeling as were the walls. The air conditioner was very noisy as well, and there was no way to turn it off. The room also had a strong odor of must and mold. Our balcony consisted of a view of an alley, and it was shared by the room next door. It did have a mini fridge which was nice.If you don't mind older accommodations, this is a fine place to stay. The price was good, staff was friendly enough, and the location could not have been any better. Besides there is so much to do in South Beach and the weather is so great you will not be spending much time in the room.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>2	4	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>aqrate18
<Content>good price and good location We stayed 5 nights at the Marseilles. We loved the location near Lincoln Road and the direct access to the beach. They propose a self parking one half block near for 18 S or you can park on public lot on drexel. The room was large,bright, with a seaview. The bathroom was ok with a lot of towels.A special thanks to Julian and Steve who were very helpful during the time we stayed.I recommend this hotel  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great value and location Stayed one night in April and had a good time here. The hotel is in a great location and we found it to be clean and comfortable. It is located right on the beach, has a great cafe out front, and a refreshing pool out back. The staff was pretty helpful, and our room was a nice size (corner room).Some of the rooms on our floor were small, but I guess that's part of the charm of these old hotels. The pool area is nice, but get out there early and stake out a chair or you will not have one come 11AM. The hotel was a little noisy, doors slamming in the early hours and there was even a rap video being shot at the hotel next door. They were shooting in the alley between our hotels and it was kind of annoying (totally not Marseilles fault) made me glad that I wasn't staying there!They are renovating the back area of the hotel and I am sure it will be beautiful when they are done. The lower pool area is also undergoing some renovations and wasn't pretty to look at, but overall for $109 a night (travelocity) we were very happy there.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location, Location I stayed here for two nights in April. This hotel has recently undergone some renovations and is turning into a special property. The location is excellent and it has beach access, which is rare. The pool area ia bit cramped and there are no ramps anywhere - a definite problem if you require special facilities or have small children in strollers. This is a good spot to come if you just need to get away for a night or two and enjoy the spoils of South Beach, Miami..  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NYLady4
<Content>Bang for your buck, friendly staff, and ideal location Just returned from a 3 day vacation in South Beach with 3 girlfriends. The Marseilles is not particularly glamorous but it has several things going for it: great price, especially considering the wonderfully central location; friendly and accommodating staff (Julian is a sweetheart); and it is on the beach. The room was not 5 star luxury by any means but if you get an ocean front it is a beautiful view, it is clean and is a decent size. Besides, once in South Beach you will spend very little time in your hotel room. If you are looking for a no frills but fairly nice place to stay I definitely reccommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Art Deco Experience! We just returned from a week at the Marseilles Hotel in South Beach. South Beach is all about Art Deco architecture, and the Marseilles was like a step back in time. We loved it! There is an outdoor cafe that serves breakfast and lunch. The lobby has two large Art Deco style couches, and there is a bar/lounge area with a large screen TV. The pool area, with an outdoor bar is lovely. Beyond that, there are about five hammocks hanging from the Palm Trees, and then the beach. There was a fitness room and a washer/dryer in the basement. We found all the staff friendly and helpful.Our room was clean and spacious with two double beds, a large Armoire which housed the TV and 3 drawers, a desk and a couple of chairs and a small refrigerator. The walk-in closet was huge. The bathroom reminded me of the one in the house I grew up in... probably vintage 30's or 40's. But the shower was great with lots of hot water. The best thing about the hotel was the location. It was only 1 1/2 blocks from Lincoln Rd. and within walking distance of Ocean Dr. Several busses stopped 1/2 a block away, and there is a shuttle bus that does a continuous loop around the South Beach area for only 25 cents.By our last night, we had met several other people staying at the hotel and took a 'tour' of each other's rooms. All were different, but all were quaint. If you are used to cookie-cutter style high-rise chain hotels, you probably won't be happy at the Marseilles. We would happily stay there again!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My favorite hotel! I have been going to South Beach for almost 10 years now and initially tried a number of hotels, especially the classic Art Deco hotels. After trying the Marseilles 6 years ago, I have never gone to another hotel in South Beach. This is truly one of the best classic Deco resorts on the beach. Granted it has truly been a work in progress. But each time I go back it gets better and better. The staff is great and they always remember me. The suites are beautiful with priceless ocean views. Especially if you can get one with a private patio. They have a great restaurant for breakfast and brunch and a bar for the early evening cocktail. The pool is beautiful and quiet and offers a poolside bar for that cool drink in the heat. And, the beach is just at the end of the property. If you truly want a classic South Beach experience then The Marseilles is the hotel. This is not your overpriced chain hotel.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JMCRutland
<Content>Awful!! I stayed there Nov 14 - 18. The hotel is in terrible condition. It is filthy and run down. The first room we were given smelled so bad of mold and mildew, we asked to be changed. The hotel agreed, but only if we paid a $20/night upgrade fee. I agreed. The next room had a bathroom so small that we could not open the toilet seat lid more than 45 degrees. The next day, we asked for another room. This room had an air conditioning vent that was full-on all the time, blasting cold air 24 hours a day. There was no way to control it; when we complained, the maintenance guy tried to close off the vent with masking tape. Obviously that did not work. It was like trying to sleep in a freezing cold air tunnel. The water pressure in the shower was terrible and it was almost impossible to control the temperature. The toilet seat was ancient, full of scrapes and dents. The tiles were cracked and dirty. There was no pool bar or poolside snack bar. The pool was filthy. When I ordered a drink at the lobby bar, the bartender used generic label tequilla and bottled mix; he charged $11.60 for the drink, a complete rip off. I would never stay in this hotel again, especially for $150/night. In contrast, we looked at the South Seas hotel next door which had rooms available for less money. It was clean, smelled great, had a lovely pool area and full service for drinks and food at the bar.The Hotel Marseilles is nothing at all like what is advertised on the web site. It is awful. I don't take a vacation to deal with this kind of crummy property. Don't stay here under any circumstances.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nemesio10
<Content>Marseilles Hotel -- awful! Whatever you do, DO NOT go to the Marseilles Hotel on Collins  17th street! My wife  I went to the South Beach hotel on November 17, 2004  the place was awful! The bed was horrible, the staff very unfriendly, and the pool was also dirty. It looked nothing like the pictures on the hotel's website.  But the worst thing occurred on our 2nd day at the hotel. At 6:30am, there was drilling on the roof of the hotel. Yes, DRILLING! The manager said the construction crew had to do emergency repair work. I understand these things happen. But we had no warning whatsoever from management. We asked the hotel if they could stop the drilling until later in the morning  whether the work would be completed that day. No assurances. We really felt that management didn't care. In fact the manager, through intermediaries, said we were free to leave. We were disgusted. So we packed up  left that morning. Luckily we found a charming  QUIET hotel on 12th  Collins called the Hotel Impala. We had a lovely time there.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated it nov 2004 I just got back from a weekend in Miami and stood in this hotel i was furious with the staff and the hotel . They were not very friendly i had a problem with the room it smelled like urine and there was spiders on the wall when i went to complain he basically said he can not promise there won't be spiders in any other room and that he will have housekeeping check on the smell but that there was nothing he can do after raising my voice he finally changed my room and that room was more dirty then the first one again i go back to the front desk he once again has an attitude with me and finally changes my room to a suite for $30 more a night ok a suite how bad can it be Well let me put it this way there was nothing Suite about it ... I was in shock but it was a little cleaner and basically we had no choice so we stood but Honestly do not stay here it is a dirty hotel ...I should have listen to past reviews and went some where else. The hotel National was right by there and we took a look inside and it was very clean and nice, stay there instead because you pay cheap here but remember you pay for what you get for....  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Southton
<Content>On the beach, not bad, but ... If you can get a good price, then a stay at this hotel might be a great deal. I got a fair price for an ocean view room. Overall I was pleased. The hotel has a pretty good location, ... near Lincoln Road and about 4 blocks from the start of Ocean Drive. Also, the hotel is right on the beach and it has a good size pool (by South Beach standards). It's an older hotel, similar to many of the South Beach hotels with small bathrooms, tile floors, older furnishings, basically kind of quaint. It was kind of noisy at night, but you'll get that anywhere on South Beach. The decor was a little dated, but over all the room was clean. My A/C was very loud with the air whooshing , but I guess it could've been the opposite, ... little or no air. One nice touch was a newspaper in the morning, even on the weekend! I thought the staff was very friendly and accomodating. My colleague didn't like the first room they assigned him and he switched with no problem. I was pleased with mine. I would probably stay here again. Good luck!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated It !!! I was very disappointed with this hotel.When I made my reservations several months in advance and asked about parking I was not told they may not be able to accommodate me. None the less when I arrive I am told I will have to park several blocks away from the hotel and pay $20.00 a day to park there. After that I get to my room and feel as if I am in a closet. It was very small. I thought I was in a cheap motel. The tiles in the bathroom were cracked and sticking out. My TV was not working. I went down to the front desk to complain and was told it was only one person there and would have to wait. After about one hour of waiting I decided to plug it into the bathroom outlet. Would you know it worked. Apparently the outlet for the TV was not operating.My room was next to the elevator so all day and night I heard the beeping noise from the elevator.The staff was very unfriendly and rude!!I would never stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good value Even though this hotel is a ten minute walk to the main strip it has many perks. The rooms are large, and clean... The hotel bar is a good place to grab a drink before u go otu for the night... The pool is small but good for taking a dip after a long day on the beach...The walkway to the beach and hammock area is a nice place to relax in the shade. Overall I was very happy with the price and the hotel overall....just wish it was a little closer to the action. No complaints  
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jewels614
<Content>Great value for the area! My boyfriend and I just came back from our second trip to South Beach this year. We stayed at the Marseilles for 4 nights, starting Aug. 18. I basically relied on all of these comments to book the trip. We were bouncing back and forth from this hotel, the Dorchester and Circa 39 (all were rougly the same price, an unbeatable $300 for air and the 4 night stay!!). Check out the perks of this hotel: decent sized pool downstairs, direct access to the beach, hammocks hanging from palm trees in the back, a 2 minute walk to restaurants, drug stores, liquor store, a 5 minute walk to Lincoln Road, restaurant serving breakfast downstairs, morning paper delivered to your door, and literally 3 doors down from the Delano and Raleigh (dont miss these hotels for a drink! careful though, drinks cost $11). The room was just fine, clean, just large enough (might be cramped for 4 people though), the balcony was a nice touch as was the mini-fridge. It seems to me like all of the negative comments written about this place were posted by snobs trying to find the Ritz in cozy 2.5 star Marseilles. I had an excellent experience at this hotel and definitely recommend it. Have fun in South Beach!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Icandi
<Content>A Pretty Good Deal My girlfriends and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. We checked in pretty late due to a situation at the airport and we were given a queen room instead of two double beds as guaranteed. That was alright by us considering our check-in time. In the morning when we called down to the front desk to switch rooms we were assisted by a lady who was extremely rude. She seemed to not care one way or the other about our situation and we almost had to get nasty with her to see results. We eventually were switched to a double bed room and the rest of the trip went smoothly. The rest of the front desk staff were great and very professional. The location of the hotel is pretty good. You may still end up catching a cab to some of the better nightclubs on Washington, but it'll only hit you about $5-$7. The gentleman who booked our shuttle back to the airport was the sweetest thing ever. My girls and I would stay there again, but hopefully by that time the lady at the front desk will have gotten an attitude adjustment.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value hotel for the district Originally booked a cheaper hotel, then came across this website so decided to cancel the earlier booking and re-book the Marseille. An excellent decision. The hotel was very clean and had all the required facilities. We had standard rooms, no great views but we don't spend time staring out the window! We stayed for 2 nights (2-3 Aug) at $82 (拢45) per night incl taxes. Parking was available at $12 per day just round the corner. The rooms were not large, but everything worked. The location was great for the beach and all that South Beach has to offer.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel...happy i stayed there after reading through the reviews on this site, i decided to stay here. all the other hotels had horrible reviews. first trip to miami, with the girlfriend. booked a standard room on orbitz and when we get there friday night, they upgrade us to a suite with a jacuzzi in it!!! we were stunned. that made the trip right there. the room was very nice, cant think of one complaint. friendly staff, pretty good location if your going out at night, about 2 blocks from the clubs. definitely recommend this hotel. ill be staying there again, the next time i go.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful time in South Beach What a great stay we had!! Such friendly staff at the front desk and restaurant, which also reminds me of the wonderful food they served. The room was pretty big (we got the ocean view - so beautiful) with cable tv and a fridge. It was really great. Beautiful hotel - great quiet pool, and through it you can also get to the beach. I really recommand the Marseills hotel. Close to Ocean Drive and right on the corner of Licoln Drive, which also makes it close to the night clubs, if that's what you look for. Beautiful, affordable and very much worth your money. You'll enjoy it.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Surrounded by better values Worst hotel along this strip, I was jealous of the others  realized I could have had a better value for a few $$ more. Old building needs renovation. Just a place to sleep, didn't feel welcome by staff.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent value! Would stay again in a heartbeat! Excellent value! $88.00 per night for 2 through Southbeach-usa! Great location! Friendly and helpful staff. We were very pleased to have a beachfront hotel at such a great price. Art Deco charm throughout the hotel. Great restaurants and shops all within walking distance. Can't ask for more. We will definitely stay there again in a heart beat!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gikkiegirl
<Content>Great for the price  I spent hours reviewing hotels and finally decided on the Marseilles. We got a super room with 3 YES 3 beds for less than $100 a night. The room was clean and we didn't have any problems with noise. The staff was really friendly and the pool was a plus. I would stay there again, it was close enough to walk to everything but far enough away that we could enjoy a nap in the afternoon and take a quick and cheap cab ride anywhere we wanted to go.  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value, Wonderful Location, Nice Hotel! After reviewing countless hotels in Southbeach, we picked the Marseilles and were extremely pleased. It's right on the beach, close to the Lincoln Road shops and S.Beach activities, has a very nice pool AND was $100/night (through quikbook). The staff was friendly. The room was attractive, clean, quiet and (relatively) spacious. In fact, the hotel looked much better in person than it did in photos on its website. The staff was very nice too. The Marseille is in the same block as the famous Delano hotel -- but at a fourth of the price! (Go there for a drink by the pool. With the money you save, you can almost afford it) After reading so many negative reviews of various hotels on this website, I was getting very discouraged, but the Marseilles is a winner! Also, remember that people -- in general -- are quicker to criticize than they are to praise. Consider the source when reading these reviews and don't be put off. The Marseilles is proof that you can stay at a nice hotel right on the beach without spending a fortune.  
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay for the price This is a solid 3+* hotel. The rooms were comfortable and clean. Staff very friendly, helpful and curteous. Pool was terrific. For a three star hotel, the rate could not be beat. Walking distance to just about everywhere. Best advice is don't rent a car. Ours sat in valet parking for the 3 days we were there. Don't be put off by the negative ratings. This is a good place to stay. In fact better than some other 4 *s on Collins.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good deal I thought it was a nice hotel. Its alot better than some you in the area. I dont know what these people are complaing about. i guess they want the red carpet out.The room was real clean service was good. Only draw back No Parking available. I would stay there again if i had too. Its in the middle of everything.There are nicer one's available. If you want to pay alot more. I give it a good rating.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SanAntonioR
<Content>You can do SOOO much better... The Marseilles looks like a Deco gem from the outside...crinolated windows, an imposing porch. But this is the Fawlty Towers of South Beach! Inside, half of the rooms are remodeled, half aren't...and they all have issues...air-conditioning not working, elevators that stop halfway between floors. Hotel also tends to be louder than others in the area, and isn't that good a deal when you consider that the excellent, clean, cheap South Seas is next door....we stayed there right after the Marseilles, and preferred it by yards...  
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't be scared by the bad reviews Marseilles was nice, not fancy, but nice. Very clean, staff was helpful, rooms were small but very clean and nice. Good location for nightlife, and right on the beach for beach time. For the price, it is a great place to stay.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Marsellies Hotel....Beautiful!!.   showReview(1560729, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Borederline Terrible/Okay, but not again.   showReview(1559735, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tried to charge me an extra day   showReview(1424034, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>motown68
<Content>Marseilles is Okay   showReview(1386313, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>READ THE REVIEW (SUCKED)   showReview(1273919, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>we were dissappointed!   showReview(1108089, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth the cheap rates..   showReview(1025720, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value    showReview(919763, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great 4 Day Stay   showReview(914307, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2003
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Marseilles Hotel Review   showReview(495957, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夈亸銇倱銇炽倞銇欍倠銇伀鏈€楂樸仾銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(22855252, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JulietG
<Content>Aceptable 3 estrellas en muy buena ubicaci贸n   showReview(19858670, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	4	4	5	1	

<Author>axel132
<Content>Nicht wirklich Gut       Au脽enansicht vom Strand  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	2	2	3	

<Author>mary2B01
<Content>bon rapport qualit茅 prix et emplacement id茅al   showReview(7491612, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍚嶃仩銇熴倠楂樼礆銉涖儐銉伄...   showReview(21802178, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>santacroce
<Content>Who?   showReview(4626541, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱兗銉佹部銇勩伀銇傘倠銇ㄣ亜...   showReview(19923177, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

