<Author>pattie63
<Content>Perfect for Families       Ascott Beijing - two bedroom apartment  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>bailmer
<Content>Choice for Western Visitors I stayed at The Ascott from October 24-28, 2008. We arrived in Beijing late in the evening after a day of flying. Just as previously written, the taxi driver had some diffiiculty locating the hotel. We brought along the phone number. The taxi driver called and got directions. We booked a two bedroom and it was a very comfortable and nice room. The room was large and had a full kitchen, laundry room, dining room and living area. The hotel is about a ten minute walk to the nearest subway although we used taxi most of the time. They are cheap. The hotel was very helpful in establishing taxi fees up front and coordinating out trip to Badaling. Most of the front desk staff speaks very good English. We ate at the Italian restaurant in the hotel one evening and it was very good although the waitress was a litle hesitant with her English. The owner/chef was Italian and vey helpful. There is a Starbucks and convenience store in the hotel. The breakfast was good and they had a wide variety of foods to pick from.Besides the Pearl and Silk Markets, I enjoyed the in room massage the best. We had massages in the shop downstairs and noticed they will come to room for massage service for the same price. After a day of shopping and sightseeing this came in handy. For 100 yuan or about $14.00, we had private massages in the room for one hour. It was so relaxing. Overall, a pleasant stay.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>The4Family78
<Content>Very good place for family vacations       the living room  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Pandora_is_Eve
<Content>Really Good Alternative Accomodation in Beijing My friends and I stayed at this apartment hotel which is nicely located near a metro stop, Guomao, in the Chaoyang District. The room/apartment was two bedrooms a large living room and full kitchen with a modest size laundry room. Though the washing machine did not work. This was great for our short stay and would have been even better if we were there for a week. The front desk works just as any hotel in the ability to book tours, change currency, and get transport. A, 1 - computer, business center, with free access is also available as well as two restaurants in the building, a Subway, and a Citibank ATM. If you decide that you actually prefer to eat in the apartment rather than the restaurants there is a 7-11 down the block where you can get fixings to make an omelet for breakfast.  Two issues:* For some reason the cab drivers have a really hard time finding this hotel so if you use it make sure to have not only the address but the phone number. Every cab ride we had to have the cabbie call the hotel despite them having the card with the address (in Chinese) to get the directions. Cabbies are willing to make the call.* Second was the cab con that we had at our departure. After booking for a cab the night before for a 5:30 am pick up to the airport for Y150 we woke up to find out that the cabbies suddenly wanted Y200 because it was early and it was raining. BS, and this was something the concierge was pushing. And then they wanted to push it to two cabbies because of our luggage and wanted to be paid before we left. Hey I'm from NYC. No money up front, got to the airport and paid Y150 and we also did not agree to pay the Y10 toll though we did have to do it with two cabs. I blame the hotel because I saw the concierge take hiscut from the cabbies before we left.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	2	

<Author>chinatrvlr
<Content>Great family hotel This is a great hotel for a family. Our family of five booked the two bedroom/two bath suite for two weeks. It was beautiful - marble kitchen and bathrooms. It had a large dining and living area. It even had a washer/dryer. Housekeeping came daily and thoroughly cleaned our room. The gym was nice and the pool was huge. We could find a taxi easily and it is located in a nice neighborhood. The staff was also friendly.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EliasNYC
<Content>Excellent in every respect       Living Room  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>a8llison
<Content>Recommended with one strong consideration I found the comments here to be generally true when I arrived at this hotel with my husband and toddler. The rooms are huge and well-appointed. The grocery store downstairs, though small, contains many western foods which can be difficult to find otherwise as does the reasonable lobby restaurant. HOWEVER, my husband has a bad lower back and the bed was intolerable for him. Generally speaking, hotel beds are better for him but this is basically a thick futon. I thought it felt like sleeping on a hay bale. The hotel (after 3 calls and one direct chat with the guest services director) switched out the mattress to something they said was softer, but it was basically the same. We had to pack up and relocate after the first night. We are both in our late 30s and not that out of shape! Also, the pool which I specifically picked for the toddler was closed. And the staff is rather limited on English, but that seems typical in Beijing.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	5	4	2	

<Author>travel_aus058
<Content>Excellent choice for Beijing I stayed at the Ascott Beijing for two months during Sep / Oct 2007. Rooms were spacious and generally well maintained. Of the three rooms I stayed in I only had issues with one, which were resolved without fuss.I had previously stayed at a 5 star hotel in Beijing, and the Ascott provided larger, better furnished rooms at a cheaper rate. The building housing the Ascott includes a number of restaurants and shops (Thai, Japanese, Chinese, Italian, Starbucks, Subway, a 24 hour convenience store, an ATM, ...).Large pool and gym with new equipment. Reception staff generally speak good English but other staff do not (this is standard for China). Only issue would be that I didn't find the buffet breakfast fantastic (but I am quite fussy).  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	4	5	

<Author>maratone
<Content>Didn't want to leave! We rented a two bedroom deluxe apartment using the hotel's website it came to about $200. One of the rooms was a master bedroom, the other a regular bedroom with the bathroom across the hall (great for a family, might be an issue for two couples). The apartment had a full kitchen and a laundry room with a washer/dryer (small loads work best).The apartment was large, it was well lit and felt very luxurious.When we arrived the room was still being cleaned by a small army of maids so we spent some time at the Starbucks downstairs reading the free and very useful Time Out Beijing and That's Beijing papers. Forget about guide books, they are obsolete the moment they are published in fast changing China.The hotel's rooms are in two towers (East and West) which you can access using your room card. You also use your room card to activate the elevator. This felt very safe. There are a few restaurants, a couple of art galleries, a massage place, a convenience store and a very neat tea house in the same building.Breakfast is served in the nearby Casa Mia Italian restaurant. The website called it a continental breakfast, but it's much more than that. There are eggs, noodles, congee, vegetables, in addition to the more usual muffins and cereal.I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. Problems like missing toiletries and a leaky fridge were taken care of right away. I would recommend a stay here to anyone who's traveling in larger groups.The hotel provides Internet access for an extra fee and can arrange excursions and airport transfers for you, but those are usually more expensive then doing it yourself (about twice as expensive). The Guomao subway stop is close by and can get you to Tianamen square and the Forbidden City very easily. Taxis were always available.The airport shuttles get you pretty close to the hotel (take #1 and the stop is #3 - Guomao). It's only 16 Yuan, but not very comfortable. A taxi will cost about 85-100 Yuan and is probably a better option. The airport staff is completely unhelpful and will try to sell you on tours to the Great Wall and expensive shuttle services (3-4 times what it would cost by taxi). Of course all this might change with the Olympics. Hopefully for the better.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Sandielicious
<Content>Absolutely delighted with this hotel! I wasn't looking for an apartment - just somewhere I could fit 2 adults and 2 kids without having to pay for 2 hotel rooms. We paid the special rate of 888RMB nightly for the Ascott Beijing, booked on the Ascott website. The location was very good - you could walk to shops  restaurants, or it was easy to get a taxi. The Silk Market was walking distance.The apartment itself was divine - one of the nicest I have ever stayed in. It had two bedrooms, two bathrooms, full kitchen  laundry. It's obviously set up for expats who stay long term. After the tiny room we had in Shanghai, this was an absolute delight. We arrived early and paid an extra half day to check into our room early. Then it seemed a pity to leave it for the next five days, but clearly we did because we managed to cover its expansive spaces with shopping.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>BigFatGuy
<Content>Ok - but Service can be frustrating My family (wife, 3 kids, in-laws) spent four nights in a 3BR apartment at the Ascott in Beijing. The room was decent, although clearly fraying around the edges with worn carpet. The room is in need of updating. Quite inexcusably, we were put in a 3BR apartment in a wing of the hotel where the other apts. were being renovated. So during the day we had workmen walking up and down the halls and we returned each day to the smell of fresh paint in the area.The biggest problem is that the service is not up to par. For example, when we checked in, we only had 4 sets of towels in a 3 BR apartment that sleeps at least 6 people. Not sure if they think you're going to take turns or something. When we asked for more towels, they brought two sets up and asked us to sign for them (never had that happen in a hotel). When we asked for some additional sets (we like to have extras on hand), both on-duty housekeepers came up and told us we more than enough towels and that we could exchange towels, not get additional sets. At one point, they accused us of wanting to steal the towels.After engaging the front desk, we finally got a few extra sets of towels, but it clearly wasn't worth the hassle. We had other minor problems throughout the stay. While we enjoyed the extra space, the kitchen and laundry facilities and the price was relatively inexpensive, in some ways it was more hassle than it was worth.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Marms&Elms
<Content>Good value but watch the beds! The Ascott Beijing is perfect for those wanting to stay in a service apartment in the city, and for the added space you pay hardly anymore than for a hotel room. The Ascott is well appointed with large rooms and comfortable open spaces. It is also well situated in the Guo Mao area with a line of taxis behind for easy travel (easy being relative because as soon as you leave the hotel by taxi you enter the city's increasingly horrid traffic).The Ascott also had an indoor pool which is useful in the cooler months and a good gym. There is even a massage centre right down stairs (not run by the hotel but they are permitted to go to your room).The only issue - albeit an important one - I had with the Ascott Beijing was the quality of their beds - they were were just too hard. And when I say hard its not a matter of too firm, but actually too hard! You don't feel like you are getting any support which leads to unfulfilling sleep. For a service residence of this caliber this is certainly a disappointment and a reason why I may consider staying at the Ascott Beijing again. My rating for the hotel would otherwise be a 5 or excellent.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>americanled
<Content>want a convenient alternative to a 5 star beijing hotel? traveling to china four times annually since year 1998 and staying at 4 and 5 star rated hotels in beijing, i tried the ascott in 2003 as an alternative. the ascott provides the leisure and business traveler a refreshing alternative with the bonus of twice the floor space of a western style hotel suite. another attraction is the ascott's location. it is situated in the most desireable area of beijing known as choyang or the central business district where the center of government, shopping, and branded hotels are domiciled. the ascott may not have the name recognition of the western chains...yet; but if you need high speed internet, a convenient location, english speaking staff, and a spacious accomodation, you will be pleasantly surprised with this hidden jewel.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty nice place I just stayed at the Ascott with seven of my family members in June 2006, and we all thought that it was pretty nice. This is not really a hotel; it's a serviced apartment. So, it is meant to be used long-term by business travelers. The benefit for short-term travlers is that the Ascott has several different apartment configurations, and it is one of the few options in Beijing (that I know of) where larger groups can stay comfortably. We rented two apartments, each of which had two bedrooms and two bathrooms (1800Y a night). The apartments were tastefully decorated with full kitchens (granite countertops, stainless appliances, etc.). The service was very good, and the location is convenient -- behind the Motorola Building on the intersection of Jianguomen and Third Ring Road, kitty corner from the World Trade Hotel and the Guomao subway station. There's a Starbucks in the same building, and there are several places to eat. A Minsheng Bank is located right across the street from the lobby, which has an ATM machine that takes all the cards, and there is a 7-11 about 30 yards down the street -- nice when you need cold beer or water at all hours of the night.Like many other properties in China, the quality of workmanship in the hotel rooms leaves something to be desired -- uneven grout lines, messy caulking, etc. If you've stayed at other hotels in China, you know exactly what I mean. This would be my one reservation about the place, but it didn't seem to bother people in our group. In other words, it's not a five-star hotel, but it's trying hard. The place still provides one of the best options for larger groups of people (On this, I agree with the earlier poster.). If you're interested, you can find photos online at the Ascott's website, which provide a reliable idea about how the apartments look.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NapaTraveller
<Content>Fantastic apartments My family recently returned from a 10 day tour in China - our 4 days at the Ascott Beijing made for a fantastic finale. We got all the creature comforts of a hotel (nice furnishings, linens and maid service) combined with the privacy and space of a large apartment.We were a mixed group: two grandparents, three grandsons (11, 9, and 8 yrs old), their mom and me (the auntie). After 6 days in hotels and staying in 3 separate hotel rooms - with frequent calling between rooms to get organized for breakfast, dinner, etc - this luxurious apartment set up was a welcome change (and about the same price). Our 3 bedroom, 2.5 bathroom apartment seemed new and extremely clean. There was a washer/dryer combo, but it was so slow that it was just better to send our laundry out to a service. The kitchen was well appointed  we could easily prepare our meals - the maid service helped finish up the dishes we inevitably left behind each morning.For the kids, the big pool and hot tub were a blast - a much needed energy release every day. Very clean  pretty with big towels. For younger children there is a babypool, a playroom and for adults a nice gym.The breakfast buffet that came with our room rate was not all that great, but we went a couple times anyway. Plus, it was fun to see some of the ex-pat families that basically live at the Ascott.The location was pretty good, with a nice 'western' style market within walking distance. I would highly recommend this hotel/apartment building for travelling families or groups. It was so much easier to communicate and coordinate, that we were more relaxed for the touring (and dealing with the terrible Beijing traffic).  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶栧浗浜恒倰涓汇仺銇椼仧銈儜銉笺儓銇с仚   showReview(19914729, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

