<Author>worldcitizen31
<Content>Enjoyable b Very nice bb in Mexico city, near main attractions. Stayed here during summer 2006, when the whole city was trapped by a strike due to political reasons. It was very nice to walk towards the centre and Casa Gonzales represented a secure port after hard days spent between museums, parks, churches, plazas and calles. Owners nice, room tiny but clean. Quite old bathroom but gorgeous balcony. Good quality-value. Would recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>BDJRochester_WA
<Content>Casa Gonzalez a treasure in downtown Mexico City       single room  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>sasster
<Content>Great building, not much else Based on quite a good review in this year's Lonely Planet guide, we booked a room at Casa Gonzalez. The hotel is well-located, in a central (but a bit nondescript) area. The building itself is a nice surprise, after you enter the front gate. A couple of courtyards, and most of the buildings around it seamingly built in a cool 1930's style. The woman at the desk didn't seem to realize not everyone is as fluent in Spanish as she was, so even after her reminding her a couple of times to take it easy, she just kept on going. The only room available felt a bit like being in a convent. Simple wooden furniture and sparsely decorated, the room had obviously seen better days (and mind you, we like 'vintage'). Clean bathroom, good shower and a balcony. Breakfast was a bit dissapointing. Again, in a lovely room, but with tiny portions, you're better of spending your 80 pesos on a Mexican breakfast at one of the restaurants in the area.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	2	3	4	

<Author>Sciguymrd
<Content>Nice but not a 'gorgeous enclave' I stayed at Casa Gonzalez for three nights in November and while it was nice and clean, it was about what you would expect for $40 a night. The review that calls CG a gorgeous enclave with beautiful courtyards and gardens, I believe to be a bit overstated. Our room was clean but basic and definitely showing its age. It was not insulated and the windows didn't shut completely so our 40 degree November nights were felt acutely until the portable electric heater got fired up.I did enjoy the breakfasts and the one morning that we met the owner he was quite friendly and very helpful. As stated in the other reviews, the Metro stop was about a ten minute walk away and there were restaurants scattered throughout the neighborhood. Our favorite was Taqueria Jalisco (sp?), right around the corner, which was nothing more than a counter on the sidewalk where tacos were cooked and sold for about 40 cents each. My wife, knowing my system better than I, usually doesn't let me eat from this type of Mexican eatery but, as she was back in the States, I had my fill nightly and was no worse for the wear.Basic, clean, safe and cheap best describes this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	3	3	4	3	2	

<Author>DeeMontreal
<Content>A nice place to stay It was in a nice area and was conveniently located to the Reforma and the Zona Rosa. The area was quite with lots of police around so I felt quite safe.I was a bit dissappointed in a couple of issues. In other reviews they had said that Jorge the owner was great and came to see how everyone was at breakfast and helped them plan their day. In my 5 days there I did not see him once. Perhaps he is not there as often during the summertime. Although the rest of the staff did not speak much English they were able to help me out.My room was nice and clean but it was at the front and I could hear the noises on the street. Also I could hear people in the building talking. They should have a no talking policy after 11:00 so the guests do not have to come out of their rooms to ask people to please be quiet.Other than that I enjoyed the food and it was nice to meet the other guests most of whom were there for the AIDS conference. It was also very secure and I never felt threatened.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>JSEOregon
<Content>Great location and notyhing else Having read the past reviews I was optimisitc. Location great. Staff indifferent at best and rude frequently. One destk clerk was gracious. Food poor. Service harried. Beds rock hard. We stayed in two rooms at the beginning and end of our trip and just checking them out they were ok. But sloppy cleaning and few bath amenities. While waiting outside the cafe for my wife for breakfast I asked for coffee. I received it and it made it to my bill as an extra coffee. Location was great but it is not enough.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	5	2	2	1	1	

<Author>Brunate
<Content>One step up from a hostel Based on the glowing reviews on this site, I had high expectations. They were not met. Many reviews mention the owner/manager. He is great, all everyone says. But in 4 days there I only saw him once. The rest of the staff does not speak English. The rate they tried to charge for my room was higher than I had agreed to so when I checked out, it took quite some time to clear things up. The rooms are quite worn - old, concave mattresses, slight musty smell. Both rooms and bathrooms are clean, though. The area is just OK, definitely not as convenient as some other hotel neighborhoods. It is quite a hike to the subway and there are not many shops, restaurants, etc. in the immediate vicinity. My biggest complaint was that I was told by the front desk staff to tip my maid. If management thinks their employees deserve more money, they should pay them themselves, not tell their guests to do it for them! (I did tip the maid, as I think she did a good job in a challengingly small room, btw, my issue is with the concept of being instructed or 'reminded' to tip.) Overall, the level of comfort is the same as in the nicer hostels I have stayed in. If you want something a bit more comfortable, priceline has some 3 and 4 star hotels in more central neighborhoods for just a little more money. That's what I will do next time.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	1	1	1	

<Author>garbrio
<Content>Delicious Breakfast Casa Gonzalez, in a pleasant, conveniently-located neighborhood, is an attractive set of buildings tucked away behind a huge gate. Although our room smelled peculiar and was extremely dark, we enjoyed our stay. The gardens and the dining room are gorgeous and the food was exceptional. The location is excellent: we especially enjoyed walking from Casa Gonzalez down the main avenue (which houses several good movie theaters) to Chapultepec Park and the Museum of Anthropology. My girlfriend and I stayed for almost a week, and every day Casa Gonzalez helped facilitate our access to Mexico City -- an amazing and fascinating place to visit.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>liese17
<Content>Gorgeous enclave hidden behind forbidding walls       The courtyard  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>megstarchic
<Content>LOVED my time there!       A great place to relax  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Ferrah
<Content>Quiet and Friendly in the Heart of DF I stayed here for two nights. We had a large ground floor room with two twin beds. It had a wide window directly onto the street, which let in the morning sun. Surprisingly, I didn't find street noise to be a problem, although I almost always slept in earplugs in Mexico. The rooms were immaculate, the water temperature and pressure just right, and there was plenty of storage space. I was a little surprised that they didn't provide free drinking water.  The interior courtyard is pleasant and sunny, complete with kids playing on tricycles. The front desk is friendly and helpful. Just a word to the wise, though: The few candies I had and fifteen-minute intervals I spent online really added up on the room bill. I'd suggest not giving into the temptation of the snacks at the front desk, and using an internet cafe if you need to do some serious time online.  The location is great. It's within walking distance of a large metro stop, which made getting around really convenient. Like most places in the city, there's also a ton of bus stops around as well. The neighborhood is quiet, but it's not deserted at night, which makes walking around feel safer. It's a short walk to the clubs and restaurants in Zona Rosa (which I did not find sketchy at all), and a minutes-long cab ride to the restaurants in Condesa. If you're into high-brow French, Les Mustaches is literally across the street.  All in all, very relaxing place to stay in the middle of the craziness of DF!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ricka..
<Content>location, location, location We stayed in the Casa Gonzalez for 3 nights recently. I thought the location was great, a short walk to the Insurgentes metro station and also the buses. Also there are some really nice restaurants nearby.The room was nice and large and we had plenty of hot water for showers. And the price seemed very reasonable for being in the city. My only complaint was the street noise. We were in room 24, on the street and next to a parking garage. Trucks and cars all night long. Tough if you're a light sleeper. The staff was very friendly and I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again, but not in any rooms that are on the street.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>zoezanne
<Content>Lovely place I have just returned from a trip to Mexico with my 8-year-old daughter, and we stayed at Casa Gonzales for 3 nights. I found the hotel to be very clean and really nice and recommend it to anyone who's travelling to Mexico City. The owner, Jorge, was extremely helpful and the rooms are charming. Also, the location is fantastic. A really lovely place to stay and reasonably priced as well.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ContractOp
<Content>A bit overrated... The staff is friendly, the prices and location are good and the rooms are nice, but I guess I just didn't get the vibe that so many others seem to get at this place. I would still certainly recommend it, but I didn't find it remarkable enough to warrant another stay. You could definitely do a LOT worse, but I'm going to chance it next time and shoot for something a bit different.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>macho245
<Content>My Get-a-way in Mexico city Hi., I was in Mexico City about 6 years ago or more , I seen the add for Casa Gonzalez . I had never stayed in a Bed and Breakfast place before, But I can truly say , This was the best place to stay for me, At the time Mr. Gonzalez Sr. was their and was very helpful. I would get up early to see things in Mexico City as I was their in busniess, but when I came home ( and that is what it was like Home,) I met other people doing the same or traveling that were very nice and helpful also, This place atracks nice people, If you want to look at TV like one of the other add talked about I think I would do that at home Not in Mexico City Were their are 1000 things to do, even thur I did looked at TV in the living room a few nights . I have been to many places in Mexico but, none are as friendly as Casa Gonazlez God willing I hope to go this year and for sure I will book myself in if their is room. The food was very good and the service was also, I hope to see you at Casa Gonzalez soon. God blessing to the Gonzalez Family, Hope everyone is in good health. Angel P . Tampa Florida USA  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>LizzChicago
<Content>Great Value, Great location My two friends and I stayed here for 4 nights. The room was very clean and had a king bed and a twin to accomodate us. We had a great terrace but it was a little too chilly to enjoy. The staff is very helpful.We had only one challenge and that was the water. One night it was scalding hot but they were able to fix it. 2 days later the bathroom flooded but they were able to fix it within an hour. We were hardly inconvenienced by it. The location is excellent for all sightseeing as it's centrally located and near a subway stop. This is a great place to stay for groups. We were there for a girls' weekend.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Citronella36
<Content>Safe and friendly stay in Mexico City Lovely family run hotel in a very safe location in Mexico City, and great room for us. Our room was like an apartment with a hallway and shared bathroom, but two bedrooms. The rooms were a bit tired, and the beds were squeaky wire frames, but a small price to pay for some privacy after sharing with the kids for the rest of the trip. The restaurant was great, with set meals for dinner. Sharing tables with the other guests was a refreshing change, and allowed us to meet people and share experiences. At breakfast, Jorge circulated and made sure that everyone was happy, and gave advice on what we could do during our stay. I would recommend this hotel without hesitation.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>girlscoutmomma
<Content>It's like staying at my Grandma's house We (a group of 14 teenage girls and 3 women) just returned from Mexico City, where we stayed at Casa Gonzalez. Jorge greeted us like old friends (I had stayed twice before with groups) and gave great advice on where to go and what to see. The rooms were a bit chilly but it is January. The breakfasts we had were delightful and there were plenty of choices for everyone. The girls were a bit put off by the portrait paintings in all the rooms but they got over it. The internet availability, cleanliness and safety were important to us as a group, and we were pleased once again. The kitchen staff even made 14 bag breakfasts for our 4 AM departure. We'll be back.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deliabal
<Content>Nice, familiar hotel in Zona Rosa The hotel is located in Zona Rosa, in a quiet street next to the busy ones. It is an old villa, very familiar and in good condition.The metro is 10 walking min. away, supemarket and other shops in the very neighborhood. Employees are very friendly, we got un upgrade for a bigger room without surcharge because the category we had booked was occupied. They serve an excellent, but pricy breakfast (7 USD= 5 Euro). The rooms are simple, but very charming and clean. They don't have a security deposit in the room but at the reception. They accept credit cards (Visa, Master Card). We spent 3 nights and were very happy in this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>iamzira
<Content>This was a great place! We stayed at the Casa Gonzalez based on recommendations from here and another travel site. It was terrific! There were a couple of cons (vastly outweighed by the pros), which I will list here:They do not have a website that I could find, so we had to email and call them to make any reservations and changes. Only one person speaks English (Jorge, the Jack-Of-All-Trades), so it's hard to communicate with most of the staff if your Spanish is poor (like mine is!)These are old buildings with no vents for heating/cooling. Since we were there around Thanksgiving, it got pretty chilly at night, though we were able to get a space heater the 2nd night of our stay.That said, here are the many pros:Jorge was extremely helpful during our stay, drawing us maps and answering all our questions about the city.Since we wanted to split our trip between two locales, Jorge arranged a place to stay for us in Guanajuato, and stored our luggage for free until we came back to Mexico City. They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner for a reasonable fee and everything we ate was delicious. The rooms were clean, sunny and comfy, especially when we came back from Guanajuato: we had a deck and a bathtub!The neighborhood was fun and felt very safe. There are 2 embassies within walking distance, the metro is a few blocks away and Paseo de la Reforma (MC's main drag) is 2 blocks away, which is where most of the museums and Chapultepec Park are located (a 15 minute walk!)We had a great stay. We will be back in March!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>archana
<Content>Gracious Stay My husband and I went to Mexico City for the first time over the Thanksgiving weekend. We stayed at Gonzalez because of the reviews here and were not disappointed. I booked a suite, which turned out to be an extra large room with king bed and bath. The room was large enough to contain a sofa, easy chairs, desk and wardrobe. Although on the ground floor we had no problem with noise. We ate breakfast every morning there. What a treat! Not only was the food delicious but the company of other travelers was wonderful. We also had supper there a few nights and it was very good. There is a coffee shop, book exchange and small library. The property is in a walled compound which made it very safe. The owner/manager Jorge could not have been more gracious and helpful. He helped us with arrangements and directions. The place is not perfect. The linens could be nicer, the king bed, which was firm, had a double sheet which kept pulling off on the bottom. The towels were of vintage swimming pool variety and the upholstery and drapes could be fresher. The floors were wood which was wonderful and the place kept very clean. Filtered water is available.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Voost
<Content>Somewhat overrated. First, I should say that it has been some time since I was at this hotel. But I think when I was there that it was somewhat overrated. First, I was traveling with a friend and found the hotel very noisy. The staff was OK but not particularly friendly expecially when coparedto other Mexican hotels where the staff is so friendly. The house is very pleasant and attractive and it is in a good location, but I thought I should put my experience out there.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>temi43
<Content>Great Budget Choice in Mexico City We have just returned from a six week tour of Mexico and found Casa Gonzalez to be a very good choice for the budget traveler. We booked through lonely planet at about $65 US a night for two rooms with four beds.The hotel is just across the street from the Brittish embassy in a very nice, fairly quiet part of the city. It is close to convenience stores, bus stops, a subway station and within walking distance to Chapultepec Park.The rooms are older and not what I would describe as charming. But they were clean and quiet, and the hot water always worked. Few of the staff spoke English, but they were very patient with my limited spanish.All in all, this hotel is very comfortable and well located, making it an excellent value.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>dancw
<Content>charming, great people LOVED IT! I have stayed here before and absolutely love the Casa Gonzalez . Its in an old house, built in l920 and converted into a pension in l930, and still run by the grandson of the builder. The rooms are homey and with charm. Mine was onthe third floor, with a balcony overlooking trees and a patio below flanked with bougenvilla. A desk, bedsidetable, bed with very comfortable mattress, bath with shower, phones in room (although I use a cell) and no TV. There are meals served as an option, and breakfast is when you get to meet the other people staying there... writers, workers in NGO's , students, families, and so on. An international and interesting crowd.... People are lovely, helpful, and Jorge (the owner) often comes into breakfast, asking how he can help, how people's days have been etc. He and his family live there, and sometimes joined us all for breakfast.. ... There is a senseof 'home' about it, especially good for people traveling bythemselves. Its also inexpensive... the room I stayed in was420 pesos a night. For me its been the best place to stay inMexico City.... Its across the Reforma from the Zona Rosa (butdefinitely not like the Zona Rosa), in a neighborhood with anearby mercado where I bought jugos, a great taco stand whichstayed open until about 11, and easy access to either a bus onthe Reforma or the metro Insurgentes. A top recommendation  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>opdobs
<Content>Perfectly Perfect Casa Gonzalez was the perfect place for my family to stay in Mexico City. It is located just north of El Paseo de la Reforma. I had heard that the Zona Rosa might be a sketchy place to stay, but my family had no problems there whatsoever. Casa Gonzalez is on a quiet block, right by two embassies (US and UK) and there were always police nearby. In fact, there were police (both public and private) every where in Mexico City, adding to the feeling of safety all over the city. It was a relatively quick (less than 6 blocks) walk to the subway, which we rode everywhere with no hassles. There were shops, restaurants, and street vendors nearby to supply us with anything we needed.The hotel itself was perfect for my family. It had separate rooms for my children and for my husband and me. There was a balcony and the bathroom was quite large. Open sitting rooms throughout the buildings of the casa (remember, this was actually once a house) were comfortable and beautifully decorated. The furniture and artwork throughout are beautiful and original pieces to the casa. There are not lots of ameninities--hair drier, iron, or even a tv. If those things are important to you, this may not be the place to stay. We were constantly busy and so we did not miss a television and in fact, it simply allowed our children (7 and 8) no excuse not to read or explore the hotel's gardens. In the interest of full disclosure, the main bedroom did have two twin beds, instead of one double, but we just pushed them together and it was no big deal.The hotel has laundry service--which we used. They will also feed you B and B-style for breakfast and dinner--which we did not use. There is a small cafe that serves snacks and beverages and has internet access. Prices there were very low and we used the cafe almost daily.Mr. Gonzalez was extremely kind, going so far as to hang pictures my children had painited in the cafe. His staff was hard-working and kind as well, always ready to help us.I read on reviews that there was no hot water, but we did not have that problem. While the bath was not as modern as a US hotel chain (frankly, it looked like our bath in our 1924 home), it was clean and spacious and everything worked.I felt like I was staying in a Mexican home, not a stale hotel chain. I would not for a minute hesistate staying in Casa Gonzalez again or recommending it to others. It truly added to our Mexico City experience.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Huertas
<Content>Home at the Casa We have stayed at the Casa Gonzalez several times and after the first stay we knew that this was going to be our hotel of choice when we spent time in Mexico City. It truly feels like home. The rooms, though not luxurious, are comfy and charming; the common sitting areas are inviting; the patio grounds are refreshing to the traveler who has been fighting the crowds all day. And there's more: the breakfasts are wonderful. It's quite restful to be able to meet with other guests at a family-style table in a charming dining room and have a typical Mexican breakfast served on blue-and-white talavera before heading out for a day of sightseeing or business. It sure beats going out to Sanborn's where the waitresses are harried and the crowds never seem to diminish. Jorge is an elegant host, eager to visit and provide the personal touch, but not intrusive. The internet cafe is also a plus. It's convenient to have access to email and news before even stepping out the gates of the hotels. They also have good coffee: fuerte y sabroso! The location is wonderful--right on a shady street that seems very quiet even though nearby is a plethora of restaurants and attractions. We have hesitated to recommend this place because we don't want it to change. But there you have it: it's wonderful and feels like home.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Karensgarden
<Content>Casa Gonzalez is a very good hotel in the heart of D.F       Blurry photo of CG common garden area  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>growlycat
<Content>Perfect break from the city streets We really enjoyed our stay at Casa Gonzalez. The staff are very informative and usually quite helpful. it was a great place to stay with our toddler who could play in the courtyard while we relaxed. The breakfasts were delicious. Make sure you get the chilaquiles!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	5	4	

<Author>tmolta
<Content>Many pluses, and a few minuses We stayed four nights recently. There are some definite pluses to staying here. It has a homey feel, which is not surprising since the Gonzalez family still lives there. The room are small but clean, with original art (portraits) on the walls, and the hallways are nicely decorated, too. Breakfast is served in a very pleasant room, with more portraits and stained glass windows, and is very reasonably priced. The location is very good: close to the Zona Rosa and Chapultepec Park, and within a long walk of the center and the Condesa and Polanco neighborhoods. It is on a quiet side street, so the traffic noise is not an issue. All of the staff was very pleasant and helpful. And, finally, the price is right: staying in the center of a major world capital for $50 USD/night.The minuses? Only two, but they're kind of important. First, the plumbing was atrocious. Water came out of the shower and sink pretty much as a trickle. And it would alternate, inexplicably, between scalding and frigid. Warm was an ephemeral state when taking a shower, that's for sure. The second minus was my wife and I found the bed (a double) was just plain uncomfortable, with the result being that we did not sleep all that well. And it didn't get better as our stay progressed and we were more accustomed to it. It just wasn't a comfortable bed.Since I feel that the bed and the shower are important attributes to a room, I'm not certain I would stay here again. The pluses very much exist, but the minuses make me wonder.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kimba_w
<Content>Not your average "budget" hotel I spent 2 nights in Mexico City at Casa Gonzalez in April 2007 and was quite pleased with my choice of hotel. The other guests were a pleasant bunch and I enjoyed the mix of languages I heard spoken at breakfast and in the courtyard.Jorge (the manager) went out of his way to ensure that I had a pleasant stay. I arrived at the hotel extremely early in the day (I had a red-eye flight into Mexico) but he made sure that a room was available. He answered all of my questions and made many recommendations suitable for a solo female traveller.The room was spacious, the bed comfortable, the pillows fluffy, and the bathroom clean. I thought that the towels were on the thin side but there were plenty of them. I had lots of hot water and there was a pleasant reminder to conserve water posted near the tub. I had packed extras but hangers were already hanging in the closet.Food at the restaurant was tasty and you can get a good espresso in the cafeter铆a. You can surf the Web for a small fee and there is a collection of used guidebooks in case you need/want another opinion.Not all of the staff speaks English but they were patient and tolerant of my attempts at Spanish. The property is located on a relatively quiet side street and I always felt safe walking around. There is a good French restaurant and a mini-market nearby.I will definitely stay at Casa Gonzalez on any future trips to Mexico City.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lobsterboyBrooklyn
<Content>cold shower Casa Gonzalez is nice and friendly, but for the price, one should not have to worry about getting a hot shower. I stayed 2 nights, took 4 showers, all were freezing cold. The family is obviously trying to save money on gas costs, but still, it's a small place and this shouldn't be an issue.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>SamandJanet
<Content>Great hideaway in Mexico City Casa Gonzalez is not for everyone. By North American standards it is not a luxurious place. There are minimal amenities, like no TV in the room, no AC, and plain motel soap. But it is exactly what we wanted in Mexico City, a quiet, personal, very comfortable, centrally located place with lots of personality. About 5 blocks N of the Insurgentes subway station, we were able to go EVERYWHERE by safe, clean, and incredibly efficient public transportation, at 20 pesos a throw. Rio Sena is a quiet tree lined street and Casa Gonzalez is directly across from the British Embassy. Lots of places to eat nearby at every conceivable price range, a traditional Mexican market right around the corner, and a convenient taxi stand right outside. The rooms are part of several mansions built in the 20s(?). One of them (facing Rio Lerma) still has the architect's imprimateur. There are lots of outdoor courtyard spaces, paintings, artisanal work, plantings, fresh flowers, and interesting architectural details galore. Good coffee and internet open insanely early on the premises. Meals are said to be great though we didn't try them. Not just a mature crowd. A couple of nights we had to stick our heads out the window and ask people to tone it down. Room prices are posted right in the room which is a big plus. No surprises at check out. We booked through lonely planet and got a response from them, as well as a personal note from Jorge, the owner of Casa Gonzalea, within a day. As we walked around Mexico City over a week's time we looked at all the alternatives, and the Casa is definitely the best choice for accommodation!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mishamac
<Content>My mother went back after 25 years         
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>orchid44
<Content>Wonderful Accomodations Jorge is the most gracious host that I had the good fortune to meet during my travels throughout Mexico. Great location, service,food ,location and hospitality. His other property in Tepoztlan was wonderful as well. Highly recommended. I can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>originalveghead
<Content>Wonderful experience of Mexico       The hotel  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nicolebamber
<Content>Perfect!       Beautiful!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Gqrdenia
<Content>I'm going back! I chose this hotel based on price and location, and the fact that the owner spoke some English. I couldn't have imagined how much I would like it.You can have your meals family style in the diningroom, and can vary it. They just need notice. The fellow travelers were very knowledgeable and Sr. Gonzalez joins you late in the meal and is available for advice. The breakfast was great and the talk a good start for the day. The rooms are simple, though it looks like they've done some improvements. I loved the area. Very normal, not fancy. Green and leafy, but with a supermarket and a daycare center to the left and many vendors on the right on the way to the Zona Rosa shops, Insurgentes, etc.The hotel was created by joining two family homes, so courtyards and balconies aplenty. The gate is locked often, but you get a door key, and the hotel will arrange a cab.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	3	3	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>Dominique_SF
<Content>Wonderful family-run hotel! I recently spent 5 nights at Casa Gonzalez with friends and absolutely loved it!The hotel is very charming (in a colonial style), the rates are very reasonable and best of all the staff are beyond helpful. I spoke with one of the owners at the hotel (Jorge) and he provided invaluable assistance in finding a private taxi for a day, providing advice on restaurants and helping me receive a money wire.The hotel's location is very central and safe. The neighborhood is primarily residential, but is very close to Zona Rosa restaurants (5 min walk away) and the metro station (10-12 min walk). Furthermore, there is a large, modern grocery store within a 5-6 min walk from the hotel which is helpful if you're on a budget.The main downside was that a) the water pressure at the hotel was not fantastic (although it was typically quite warm) and b) mosquitos occasionally entered our room and bit us in the evening.However, I would highly recommend this hotel over 'standard' Western hotels -- it's a great deal and is run by wonderful staff.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>VIMTraveler
<Content>Perfect for groups Our mission team recently stayed at Casa Gonzalez. We had spent a week in Puebla and spent 2 days in Mexico City for sightseeing. It was a pefect place for our group of 12 and a great way to end our trip. I thought the rooms and furnishings were fine, although you might want to bring an extra towel with you. No one in our group mentioned anything about the beds being too hard. Some other reviews mentioned that the price of the meals at Casa Gonzalez were too high. But, again, traveling with a group, the dining room set-up was ideal. We payed 70 pesos each for a full breakfast of fresh fruit, juice, coffee or hot chocolate, your choice of breakfast entree, and bread. Dinner was 130 pesos each and included fresh fruit, a large bowl of soup, the entree (one night we had pork chops, baked potato, carrots and green beans), dessert and coffee. The quality of the foood was excellent. Our group was able to sit in the courtyard with excellent cappuccinos, soft drinks, etc. or check email. Everyone enjoyed their stay. Only one person had street noise but only until 10:00 or 11:00 at night. We would definitely come back.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>loraxes
<Content>An oasis in Mexico City       Bunk beds!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Eems
<Content>Casa Gonzalez a quaint b My husband and I stayed here for four days at the end of May in the matrimonial room. Casa Gonzalez is a lovely, friendly place to stay, sort of a step up from a hostel. Very affordable. The grounds and the rooms were beautiful, and I loved the potraits of various unknown people hung around our room. There were a few cons, however. The bed was extremely hard and uncomfortable, to the point of that I would move to the loveseat to sleep because my back was aching so much. It squeeked so much that every time we rolled over it woke one of us up. The noise outside, at times, was a bit much. It didn't bother me, becuase I live in the city anyway, but I know it bothered my husband. All in all, a great value if you are willing to compromise. I recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming hotel in the heart of Zona Rosa Friends in the Zona Rosa arranged accomodations for us here as they had done for others in the past. Casa Gonzales is a charming, walled hotel with an assortment of different rooms around central courtyards. I advise not getting a room on the street. Despite the windows being screened (unusual in Mexico City) the traffic was noisy. The manager and staff were very friendly and gladly showed us other rooms that were available. We switched to one on an inner courtyard that was peaceful and serene; hard to believe when the busy Zona Rosa was a short walk away. The room was comfortably cool despite no air conditioning. Despite reading a previous review that hot water was in short supply we had no shortage. Breakfast was around $7 US and served in a charming dining room where we felt free to mingle with other guests. Inexpensive internet access was available. The grounds felt secure. Cost per night was around $40 US. I recommend it highly if you would like something outside the usual hi-rise hotel.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Liked the Casa Gonzalez We returned from Casa Gonzalez on April 7. Previous Trip Advisor postings were a big help for us in planning our trip to Mexico City and Casa Gonzalez. We followed TA's advice and did very well.Casa Gonzalez was prepared for our arrival and check-in took all of about 5 minutes. The two-person rooms we requested were quite small, but after all, we only wanted to sleep there. There were no TV's, which was a lovely change of pace and forced the kids to read in order to relax in the evening. Our family of 4 traveled with another family of 4 and all of us enjoyed the quaint atmosphere of Casa Gonzalez. As per a TA reader's advice, we showered only at night for less than 10 min. each and always had hot water. The place is very reasonably priced considering it's only a hop, skip and jump from the exhorbitantly-priced Zona Rosa area. Access to the more traditional Mexican sites was easy - just a short walk to Reforma and get on a bus. There's even a Casa de Cambio on the way, if you need one. I also appreciated the fact that Casa Gonzalez had good security. All exit doors are locked from both sides and can only be accessed with a key. In today's Mexico City, that's very reassuring.Our traveling partners made the error of coming down to Mexico with little cash, counting on being able to use a debit card. When they found that the card would not work in Mexico, the manager of Casa Gonzalez cheerfully refunded the cash our friends had paid for their room and charged it to their credit card instead. He kept his word to not leave them stranded without cash.Breakfasts were good, although a bit expensive ($7 for fruit, eggs, bacon and bread.) Much cheaper breakfasts can be had fairly close by.I recommend Casa Gonzalez . . . it's not luxury (the beds were small and a little hard) . . . but it's clean, safe, relatively quiet and reasonably priced.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A pleasure for a short or extended stay I moved into the Casa Gonzalez (which has been a guest house for more than 50 years) in May 2005, after vacating my apartment in Mexico City. What I anticipated would be a week's stay, while I finished up my work before returning to the United States, turned into a month. The pleasures of Casa Gonzalez were constant during that period. My room on the garden was simple but clean and sunny, and the staff were always pleasant in their treatment of guests and each other. The gardens provided a good respite and a place for me to chat with friends. As a solo traveler, I much preferred the friendly breakfasts with the owner and other guests -- teachers (European and American), actors, retired couples and scholars-- to the more isolated existence of earlier stays in the near-by business hotels. A prior stay at Casa Gonzalez had alerted me to the preferable course of showering at night, when the hot water (and water pressure) were more dependable. The central and safe location (the near-by U.S. Embassy means a consistent police presence in the area) is another plus.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TOtraveller
<Content>Great Value Hotel In the Heart of Mexico City       Pretty courtyart at Casa Gonzalez  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chachacheech
<Content>the Good and the Bad We stayed at Casa Gonzalez twice on our recent trip to Mexico City. The first 4 days were great. The only hitch was that when we arrived they didn't have our reservation which was confirmed by an email from Luigi. But by luck we were still able to get a room. The good points of staying at Casa G. are, the other people who you meet while staying there, the food, the clean adequate rooms, the low price, and Jorge the owner who makes you feel like you part of his family. Luigi who is the manager is undependable. One night we made a dinner reservation with Luigi and went into the dining room only to find out that he never conveyed the message to the cook to prepare 2 additional dinners. The staff ended up dividing up the food they had prepared already among two extra people so everyone got less. You never know if they will have a room for you when you get there regardless of what email confirmation you have received. The second time we arrived we were told that the only room available was one that would cost us $75 USD, way more than the $55 USD room we had reserved one month in advance. It was late and we had no choice but to take the room or go hunting around the city. The room was big but in worse shape than the $55 room we had stayed in previously. The curtain kept falling down. There were mosquitos that buzzed around us all night. The room faced a street so we had the noise of cars and the police car that had its engine running all night.The shower was only a bit more than a mist that went from extreme cold to hot. In the morning we packed up and checked out. The nice lady behind the desk apologized for the mix up and only charged us $55 and offered to move us to another room. We had already booked ourselves into the Maria Cristina a short 3 block walk away. We payed about $75 for the Maria Cristina but it was well worth it for a nicer room, better shower, and many more amenities.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Johnula
<Content>An oasis of calm in the world's biggest city We stayed at Casa Gonzalez for five days, starting on December 25, 2005 (yes, Christmas day). We paid 400 pesos a night (about $37 USD) for a reasonably large double room with private bath. Casa Gonzalez is located in a quiet, residential neighbourhoold, yet is only about three blocks away from La Reforma, one of Mexico City's main arteries. Subway access is about six blocks away in the Zona Rosa.The price is right, the atmosphere is casual and relaxed, the service is reasonable, and the location is excellent. For a family-run guesthouse, I think they do a remarkable job of attending to their guests' needs. The property may not dazzle you like a high-end luxury hotel might, but Casa Gonzalez has everything you need to make your stay in Mexico city enjoyable and safe. It was well worth staying there, and we would do so again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Deal Foremost, I am a budget traveler and do appreciate good deals like Casa Gonzalez. The house is cozy, peaceful, safe and in an excellent location (most attractions are at a 40 minute walk distance). The price is unbeleiveably affordable and staff is very friendly. Do not expect a 5 star hotel; however, expect a family operated business. Here are some helpful tips:1. Bring an aromatic candle (rooms do smell a bit).2. Reserve a room with a strong wireless signal.3. Eat in Zona Rosa for less than 70 pesos.4. Don't thrash the room expecting 3 maids to clean it up for you.5. Shower at night and do not do it for over 10 minutes.6. Ask the staff questions and make sure you get a straight up answer; they tend to forget stuff...Overall, I had a great stay and enjoyed the city.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as enthused as everyone else The hotel was lovely and in a great location, however, a few things put us off when we stayed there. The most important would be that the hot water seemed to last approximately 3 minutes in the morning and the shower pressure felt like a light spray: long haired folk beware. We also felt that for the money we were paying, some of the basics should have been provided: we had to ask for soap each time it ran out, the towels were old and frayed (no hand towels), the room was spic and span when we arrived, however the cleanliness deteriorated a bit each day. We also were quoted a rate of $530 over the phone 2 weeks before we arrived but were charged $550 when we arrived and reminded to leave a tip (a pet peeve of mine). Nonetheless, the place was charming and the neighborhood very convenient. We were also somewhat comforted by the quasi constant presence of the police out front (probably for the embassy).  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>brentgodfrey
<Content>Colonial Style Mexico City       Inner Courtyard  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>burbujasdeamor
<Content>Great Hotel - location and services The hotel is actually a couple of private mansions converted into a cozy and friendly hotel. The management and staff were very helpful and eager to make our stay a memorable one. We only stayed 3 nights, and if you pay in cash, you'll get 10% off. Can't beat the location either - 1.5 blocks from the Reforma Blvd., and then 1 block from the famous Angel statue of the Zona Rosa. We were able to walk around the neighborhood, even at night.Our double room (2 twin beds) was roomy and had nice antique furniture. The bathroom was clean and had a tub. Our window looked out onto the well kept garden, the little patio furniture set outside our room was perfect for morning coffee. We didn't get to try any of the meals there, but did hang out a lot at their cafe at the other end of the garden. There is high speed internet (MP30.00/hour) at the cafe.I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a different kind of accomodation than a boring cookie cutter hotel.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not recommended. Look for other places Be aware that this hotel and its interior are old, but in my opinion, not old or interesting enough to be called 鈥渃olonial鈥? as others have called it. Our room was quite big, but furnished with some old furniture. The fabric on the sofa and chairs, and bed cover are really old, with the original colors fading and dirty feeling. They smell too, like your grandparents鈥?home. In short, you get what you pay for.When we checked out, the manager tried to charge us with the rate posted in the room, which was twice the amount we had agreed on from email exchange. We were really disappointed with this, especially after talking with another couple who also had bad experience from this manager. I think another reviewer also had unsatisfying experience with this guy.This hotel is located very near to Zona Rosa, a district with a lot of restaurants and shops. I think this is why the rate seemed more than what it should be.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Colonial Hotel My husband, who has family in Mexico City, and I loved this little, quiet hotel located in a very convenient, safe spot. The room was very clean and although the bathroom needed updating, it was also very clean. We enjoyed the delicious breakfasts in the morning; the coffee was outstanding and the service was wonderful!The only negatives: The water pressure in the shower was terrible, and we had several mosquitos in our room the second night, (make sure there are full screens in your window). We will definately stay here during our next trip to Mexico City.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>taxco925
<Content>Great Guest House Location - excellent. Quiet, safe-feeling neighbourhood street close to the action. Staff - outstanding. Very attentive, helpful, full of local knowledge and great touristy advice. Accommodation - modest but clean and adequate. Price - very good for a central location in a cosmopolitan city.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>True Mexican experience I highly recommend Casa Gonzalez to anyone who is interested in a true mexican experience in Mexico city. I and my partner spent two days in another hotel before locating this one and we were cursing ourselves why we didn't move to this place before! Perfect location, great house with character, wonderful and courteous staff (they even got me an English speaking cab to bring me to airport ), excellent food (breakfast started with a plate of fresh mango - i loved that!), and very reasonable price (550 pesos with 10% discount if you pay in cash). The only drawback that I can think of is their inability to converse in English. They even had several computers avaliable with internet connection in the hotel. We also met other interesting visitors from different countries.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything my mother said it would be!!!!!! My mother spent her summers here as a teen and it was absoultly everything she said it was,although Senior George Gonzolas had already passed away his son was equally charming as my mother and grandmother had described we were treated not only like family but royality. My mother talked to Seniora Gonzolas and they caught up as if over 30 years had never happened. My grandmother enjoyed it as well while my little sister and I (both adults) finally made my mothers dream come true of sharing this magical place of her youth, her honeymoon, and several special memories, I cried when we left but will be back. Honestly we only stayed for the unbelievable Christmas meal but will stay as full guests next time. Everything was perfect, the grounds green and carming, the house clean and mantained, the patio's warm and inviting, just perfect. The famous Butterfly stained glass window was still there just as my mother had remembered when she went with a spanish class in 1958-1961 with her beloved teacher Mrs. Ada Knight from Lawton High School, in Lawton Oklahoma. My mother was Pat Carey then and now Pat Gardner, she is still married to James Gardner and his absense was all that Casa Gonzolas lacked (not their fault) but Mother told Senior Gonzolas (jr) stories about his grandmother and my father eating chilies and seeing who could make the other one stop when it was too hot we all laughed. It is not a 4 star hotel but the atmosphere, history, culture, and charm more more than anyone could ever ask for in Mexico City, in fact I would say that Casa Gonzolas is THE example of Mexico City. After all you can stay at a Holiday Inn anywhere. Dont miss this place you will love it.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CWPenguin
<Content>Great Place, Cheap Rates very cheap and very clean. it has no frills, at least not my room, but so what? the room has a bed, a balcony, and a bathroom and that is it. a space heater is included for the cooll evenings as well. but you should be out enjoying the city anyways. it is located a 10 minute walk to the mtero system and close to major streets so that you can take the buses if you are brave enough. the owners are very nice people and will call cabs for you, make suggestions, and fill other reasonable requests. enjoy  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>squash
<Content>Diamond in the Rough We stayed at this delightful little hotel a day before and a day after the Christmas Holidays in 2004-2005. Both nights it was super. The place is modest and classically Mexican, very clean, all rooms individually shaped and appointed. The price is extremely fair and that was an important part of my rating for this hotel. There is nothing Americana about this hotel. It is not anything like a chain hotel. It is an amalgamation of several generations of building, yet it is low rise and unassuming. There is a stunning little courtyard. Plenty of beautiful Mexican tiles, spacious bathrooms, ordinary beds, picturesque verandas. Locked gates for protection from the street, absolutely no road noise. Extremely central to the park, shopping, downtown and dandy roadside food in several directions. A real find for the genuinely interested Mexican cultural traveller.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A High Light of My Mexico City Trip My wife and I just returned from a week in Mexico City. We stayed at Casa Gonzalez. Both of us rank the hotel as one of our top three enjoyments of our visit. The price is great, the staff is friendly and very helpful, but the nicest thing was to share breakfest with other guests. Some guests are on long term work assignments while others were there for a few days to a week. Guests were from around the world. Sometimes language was a barrier that was fun to overcome. The round table breakfest encouraged conversation. On three occassions we spent the day with people we met over breakfest. Bathrooms have beautiful tile work, no room service, lovely grounds, convienent location, safe neighborhood. What more could you ask for? PEACE!!!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cal_travel_er066
<Content>Relatively Quiet B  We stayed there for 3 nights. The place is family-run, with a courteous staff. Our room was spacious with a nice king size bed. There were wooden floors, and it felt more like a dormitory than a hotel. The shower was mediocre.You can get breakfast or dinner prepared at the hotel, but a better deal for breakfast can be had only 2 or 3 blocks away-- there's a breakfast buffet at a nearby hotel that has a lot more options and better food for CHEAPER TOO!!!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Price is Right... but You Do Get What You Pay For Pros: Superb rates (plus a 10% discount for paying cash); location - only a couple short blocks north from the Zona Rosa and the Insurgentes subway station; housekeeping and kitchen staff; meals (elective... the continental breakfast was fine but anything beyond that was nothing special; the dinners are really good). There is also a small market right across the street in case you need drinks (water, soda, beer, etc.), snacks, or Dunkin Donuts. Area is relatively quiet for the constant 'honking' in Mexico City.Cons: Small, small room... about 10' x 10'. Granted, we checked-in late at night; however, I asked Luigi (useless member of the staff) if there were other rooms and he pretty much just rolled his eyes and said dumb things (which seems to be a theme for him). I asked on several occassions to no avail. I also asked Luigi if there is a sense of the weather and he said that all the meteorologists in Mexico go to school but cannot tell you anything (and that was about it.... typical type of response). No television, radio, or clock.... figured one or the other would be useful for determining the weather (although we got fine without it.... I'm just letting 'you' know). Our room was facing the plaza so every couple nights when new tour groups were checking-in there would be a lot of noise. They seemed to loiter in the plaza sitting on the patio furniture joshing and joking until early in the morning. We called the front desk a few times with no answer. My wife ended up walking to the front desk to have someone on the staff resolve the problem.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>2	5	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible food and drink, wonderful staff I stayed at Casa Gonzalez with a group studying ceramics in college. It's a beautiful little house in somewhat of an oasis in the middle of busy Mexico City. We ate all of our meals there, which were all incredible. I was introduced to a REAL margarita (served in a cordial glass and made with freshly squeezed limes) 鈥?I've never tasted a better drink before or since! The dinners were served in several courses, all of which were amazing. The house clearly makes it's guests feel welcome through the little things 鈥?fresh cream in your coffee, etc. It's wonderful! I highly recommend having your meals there, because guests come from all over the world and the dinner conversation is quite stimulating!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed it! Stayed here in Oct. 2004 and enjoyed it alot. Similar to a BB - you will get friendly help. Only advise is to try and get a room that does not back onto the street. Mexico City can be noisy even in this quiet neighborhood.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Casa Gonzalez I stayed in Casa Gonzalez with my adult daughter in a recent visit to Mexico City. This was a wonderful bed and breakfast, with meals served, beautiful gardens and kind proprietors. I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ricvamundo
<Content>Great Location, Service, Price My partner and I stayed here 11 days in September. Though, as a gay couple, we were a little apprehensive about staying in a small family-run hotel in a conservative country, we could not have been more pleased. This is no five-star American or European resort, so if you're looking for that, look elsewhere. But if you want charm, a friendly and helpful staff, and a clean and comfortable room in a great location (quiet, shady, yet only 2 bks from the Zona Rosa), then give this place a try. Rooms vary dramatically in terms of furnishings, view, ambiance, etc., so ask to see 2 or three before settling for one. Also, good breakfasts (we never tried lunch or dinner.)  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for the inexperienced, too! I've stayed at Casa Gonzalez twice -- in the summer of '99 and the summer of '04 -- and it is consistently good! This is a great place for experienced travelers who know where they want/have to go -- but the very helpful, VERY caring staff also make it a great, SAFE place for the inexperienced; they REALLY look after you here! It's clean and nice, with a pretty little courtyard. The only negative that can be assigned is that it isn't opulent... But, if you don't need bellboys and room service to be happy, and you're looking for a great D.F. bargain (less than $45 for a two-person room) in a convenient, safe location, this is the place for you. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Casa, Gonzalez, 2 thumbs up We stayed at Casa Gonzalez on May 2004. It鈥檚 a very nice place, just 2 blocks from the Zona Rosa, very pleasant and safe neighborhood and the rooms are very comfortable. It is not a fancy, luxurious place. It鈥檚 a nice house, with beautiful gardens all around the place, excellent attention and great food. All rooms are neat clean, bathroom and hot water and some have terrace or balcony. Beautiful place, I highly recommend it.   
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jafrogg
<Content>A Great Find I loved this hotel and I think everyone should. But I know that not everyone would.It is a small, friendly, clean and well-run hotel with a fair amount of charm. The location, across from the British Embassy and around a corner from the U.S. embassy, feels safe and is convenient to the Zona Rosa and Paseo de la Reforma. The price is right - we paid less than $45 a night for a nice double with a tiny balcony and a tiled bath.Some staff members speak English but some do not, so a little Spanish is helpful. Many of the guests on our recent stay were European, mainly French.The amenities are modest. Our room had a phone but no television. There is a TV with cable in the parlor off the lobby, though. There is a dining room serving three meals a day and (usually) Internet access. I could not, on the other hand, get a bucket of ice for the room.We found it an excellent home base for our week exploring Mexico City, and a bargain to boot.  
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A hotel for experienced travellers   showReview(1687722, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hospitality is Second to None!   showReview(1628297, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Home Base for sightseeing in D.F.   showReview(1533640, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PoblanoJ
<Content>You'll Forget You're in Mexico City   showReview(1510845, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place   showReview(1401069, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location - nice place   showReview(930003, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Made me feel at home   showReview(925886, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Casa Gonzalez, 69 Rio Sena, Sept 02 visit   showReview(752644, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Casa Gonzalez   showReview(429442, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great Value   showReview(390180, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lotbiniere
<Content>La Casa Gonzales : cruelle d茅ception   showReview(14289902, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	4	4	3	

<Author>apsara49
<Content>Charmante pension de famille       le vitrail de la salle 脿 manger  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Paloma1
<Content>" Excellent choix "               More photos  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Lachi
<Content>Buen hotel con facilidades cercanas   showReview(6056706, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>miRnaVagante
<Content>Gente cordiale, posto tranquillo e pulito a 2 passi dal centro storico   showReview(5598333, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(4948400, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

