<Author>PauletteToronto
<Content>You had better speak spanish or Italian This is our 7th vacation to Punta Cana and this one rates the lowest. Beach fantastic, food is average, Beach Bar service is good if you speak spanish or if you are a Man. The Caribe is sadly in need of renovation. The animation Team is lazy , however the ladies in red T-shirts near the Fish Restaurant and Beach Bar were great . Their enthusiasm was outstanding and they did attempt to speak English while teaching Salsa , stretching aerobics etc.. We would not go back, suggest you try Iberostar, Riu or Grand Bahia, they are excelent 5 star and less expensive than this 4 star rated (really 3 star) resort.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Folianne
<Content>Very nice hotel I recommand this hotel, we had a really nice stay. At the beginning, we have problem with our lock, our key work only 2 times and after we have to pass at front desk to reactive, but staff take care of that and resolved the problem rapidly.The room is clean, the personnal is nice and the food is good. We passed a excellent week.the beach is beautiful and you can walk a long to time on it.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pinayflava
<Content>resort needs major renovations but beach was amazing       the beach at the Caribe  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>braddana
<Content>Pretty good. Good bang for your buck!       my view for most of the week. Does it get any better??  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	2	3	4	

<Author>happygolucky124
<Content>Beware!!!       Pool Side  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	2	1	4	1	4	

<Author>hayley06
<Content>Wedding June 2008       Myself and my husband  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	2	3	

<Author>DMSpin
<Content>Had a Great Time but the Small Things Bugged Me I was in Barcelo Bavaro Caribe Beach for 7 days (8/12/08 - 8/18/08). Let me start by saying that I had a fabulous time at Punta Cana and I loved the Barcelo Resort. The Resort itself is so huge and there is a lot to do that you'll be busy the whole time.Check-in for me was great and quick. While I was waiting to check in a staff member came by with Welcome drinks. Once we were checked in, a guy came by to take our bags to the room. I was happy with the state and size of the room. Every room has a balcony with a garden view and it was great. The hotel itself was so nice and loved the look of it. The beach was so beautiful and the water was just great. No waves and the water was warm the whole time. I took some great pictures but I will provided the pictures at a later time. I will tell you this much, please be ready for the sun to burn you if you don't protect your skin with sunblock.The pool in Bavaro Caribe Beach was the best out of all the pools in the resort. There is a section which goes down to 8ft deep, great to do cannon balls. LOLNow for the real dirty, I loved my stay but it could have been better. The one thing I kept saying was, the hotel would be great if the rooms were updated and the staff at the buffet exactly did some customer service. The real age of the room could be told in the bath b/c items that were sliver was turning colors. The bath towels should have been white and they were off white. The buffet in the hotel which was Buffet Orquidea, I had to ask for water the whole time. Once I was done with my first plate of food, and got another plate, I had to request for the first plate to be taken away. I could say tha the service at this buffet sucked. I wansn't too happy about that. Another concern I had was on the weekend, locals would come to the hotel and stay for the weekend. The locals were so loud, and would leave cups in the pool or on the edge of the pool all over. The staff members didn't move fast enough to remove the cups they left. Also, the resort is All Inclusive but if you want to eat or drink in the Bavaro Palace, you couldn't b/c it wasn't part of the package. In order to enjoy the Barcelo All Inclusive package, you would have to stay at the Barcelo Palace b/c then you can eat at the French Rest. Chez Palace, DR Rest. Rincon Dominicano, Sea Food Rest. Rest. La Brisa, and the Rest. that has food from Spain, La Fuenta. If you wanted to eat there you had to have the Barcelo Palace All Inclusive, otherwise you would have to pay $20 or $30 dollars to eat at the Rest.I did enjoy eating at Steak House in Bavaro Beack, Italiano Los Pinos in Caribe Beach, the Buffet Mirador at the Bavaro Casino which shares a kitchen with La Fuenta (hint, hint) The service in these places were great. We were unable to eat at the Rest. Mexico Lindo b/c the hotel is being re-done. The Bavaro Beach should be done by December of 2008 and would be the hotel to stay at b/c it will be updated and modern. I saw pictures of it and thinking of return Feb. 2008 and staying at Bavaro Beach.Overall, I loved my stay at the hotel and resort but the small things were bugging me. Would I return, yes but I would stay at Bavaro Beach. I say go, enjoy, have fun and to my ladies  gays, enjoy the hot men in speedo. (OMG!!! hot bodies in speedo, got to love that view. LOL)  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>GodsGift939
<Content>Won't go back I planned a trip for a group of 11, including myself. We booked 5 rooms at this hotel. I wrote a detailed reveiw so that people will be aware.Arrival: Parts of the desk arent marked so I waitedin line only to be told to wait on the other side of the desk for the same people to assist me. No one said welcome or enjoy your stayThe rooms: The air was filled with moisture. My room had a mosquito infestation. My cousin's room had a red ant infestation. The bathroom faucet was rusted and the bath shower head had built up soap scum. The water was hard and had bad water pressure. The ceilings leaked in 3 rooms in various spots.The Food: Morning was bad. The omelettes was the best choice to go with. Lunch, we never made it. Dinner, okay. The speciality restaurants tried to be americanized but failed horribly. The don't use real ketchup. Ketchup is marked kecthup or kecthup* - we never found out what it really was or why it was in quotes or had an asterik next to it. The do have to go pizza that was eadible. Juices were undrinkable to my toungue, but other got it down.Drinks: The most important thing while at an all-inclusive resort, right? Well they sucked most of the time. They used a lot of alcohol, which did the job but specialty drinks lacked. Pina Colodas were watered down. Mojitos had old mint leaves (not even sure they were mint leaves). The best drink was rum and coke - can't really mess that up. Fresca was a non-alcoholic drink that was good, but really sweet.Ceck out: No one cared enough to wish us well or ask us about our stay.Tidbits of info: Bug repellent costs $18. Go to the flea market next to the Bavaro Barcelo Palace for souvenirs. At the flea market, don't be hussled. Nevr take the first 3 prices they give you. They will seriously try to sell you a towel for $50, which you could get for $8-10 if you bargain. Book excursions early so you have a choice of days and times. Arrive on-time for everything. They are not to nice when you are wasting their time. Try to learn a little spanish before going in order to get through the day.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	2	2	1	3	

<Author>bcham8200
<Content>Not the Greatest Travel Experience This was not my ideal vacation, and although the resort is beautiful, the rooms were not the cleanest I've stayed in. My sheets smelled like mildew, as a result of the dampness of the room, and I believe I may have been bitten by a bedbug or two during my week stay. Guest services were not the least bit accommodating to our large group of 11. The buffet was pretty decent, but of course like most things on this trip, it could have been better. One major difficulty was the majority of employees at the resort who spoke very little English, hence non-effective communication throughout our entire stay. The highlight of this trip were the off-site excursions, but even these were ill-planned and slightly disorganized. I'm sure there have been many satisfied guests here, but I certainly am not one. I would rate this resort @ a 5 out of 10 and would not recommend it to anyone travelling to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	2	2	3	

<Author>brwnsuga85
<Content>Hated it It was a group trip with 11 of us. Out of all of us we all think the rooms were disgusting and there were bed bugs. the comforters looked as if they were never washed. My housekeeper did clean the room and we was very nice. I felt safe in my room. The doors had alot of space for creatures to crawl under the door. my cousin had an infestation of mosquitios and my room had ants all over the night stand and the bathroom. most of the staff didnt know english and they were very rude. when it was time to check out we were charged a fee for using a phone that didnt even work...(so how did we use it) the foood there was TERRIBLE they didnt have many dominican dishes which made it worst because they were cooking food they didnt know about. we went on the Jurrasic boogie excursion. we were told it took 5 minutes to get to the destination from the hotel.. it took an hour and a half. there was no communication. im tired of writing about this place. i dont advise you stay here...if anything pay for the Palace. or wait for the new ones to open.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>boricuaYahoo
<Content>coming back to punta cana I recently stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro in July 2008 when I first arrived it was a little confusing and the time was not the greatest time mid afternoon since I was quiet hungry. Check in actually went pretty well we got the room we were promised which was great, right next to the pool which is what we wanted . I found the people very warm and accommodating. I thought the food at the buffet was exceptional always fresh with a vast variety to suit everybody's taste the fruit was always fresh , coming form California I always thought papaya never had much taste boy was in for a shock! Then you had a chef that cooked fresh fish chicken beef and pork to your liking can you beat that. And fresh pasta which you added to it and the chef would cook it up in front of you. The entertainment was great for all ages and they even had late night adult entertainment. there was such a blending of people from all over the world so many different languages. The beach awesome everything very clean . The only set back was the logo shop they were actually quiet rude I would definitely not recommend this shop, remember to get your receipt. p.s. it's okay to tip even though it is included . Oh don't forget the train rides to all the other hotels runs every 15 minutes lots of fungreat conceptthank-you Camille Yannantuono  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lovetheDRAthens_OH
<Content>Gorgeous        wedding  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>dsx528
<Content>Great location, wrong resort Well, we arrived at the hotel at around 1pm to check into our room. When we had first arrived we were not acknowledged for about 15 minutes and there had not even been a line. We then approached a man named Orlando who did not smile and seemed rather in a bad mood. After finding our reservation, I explained to Orlando that it had been our anniversary and if we can have a room with at least somewhat of a view. Orlando promised us the world and then checked us into a DIRTY room (the tub was filthy with red liquid, the beds were slept in, and the mini bar has dirt all on the floor in front of it). We returned to the desk and kindly asked to be moved. We then moved into a room that had been a couple of doors down but literally in company of a nest of bugs coming out of the ceiling. At this point, our patience had worn thin and then after a THIRD room change, we received a standard accomodation. Throughout the duration of our stay we experienced great tropical weather in Punta Cana, however, the all inclusive package they mention in the brochure did not specify that there would be several a various bugs in our food as well. To end it short before I become reminded of a terrible stay, PUNTA CANA IS BEAUTIFUL, but be very careful as to where you choose to spend your time there.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	1	3	1	

<Author>Footester
<Content>Never again We were bumped from the Bavaro Beach to the Caribe. Check in horrible. No one at the desk spoke english. Majority of staff very unfriendly sometimes rude, with the exception of a few. Letting the locals in for a cheap day is a huge downfall. My niece went on the beach to take pictures of the sunrise just to find a bunch of locals passed out in the beach chairs. They would come into the buffets and using their hands would load shopping bages of groceries for the week. The food was horrible and each night the pool bar developed a very bad odor. Rooms were moldy. Bed bugs in two of the rooms we had 8 rooms between us (family reunion). The beach was beautiful. The variety of excursions was good. Everything was $$$$$. Pack snacks and shampoo.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>Allexie08
<Content>Not the best of holidays... We were 'bumped' into the Caribe at 36hrs notice after the Sunscape decided to close so we arrived not in the best of moods. Check-in took ages. Room was incredibly smelly and musty and in dire need of refurbishment. The TV and the lamps were broken, we are news junkies, and the safe stopped working immediately. (The TV was replaced after the first week and the safe was sorted within hours.) The manager told us there were no mozzies(!!) but we were bitten to death from the moment we set foot there despite every gadget/lotion/potion/spray/candle known to mankind. There were holes in the curtains and the bedspreads were grubby. The main buffet restaurant was a real do-it-yourself affair...you often had to clear the table from the previous occupant and then find your own cutlery/napkins/glasses whilst all the time avoiding slipping on the food spilled on the floor. There were always long queues for the beachfront bar/restaurant. There was building work taking place at the Beach Hotel next door with resulting noise and dust. The evening entertainment in the theatre/bar was pretty dire and repetitive. OK...the good bits...beautiful beach and gardens though the gardens could do with the litter removing! The room fridge was restocked daily without fail. The sheets and towels were changed daily tho the towels have seen better days. Plentiful supply of soap, shampoo and conditioner + shower caps, combs, sewing kits etc.. Proper coffee making machine with supply of coffee, creamer, sugar. Fruit platter and bottle of rum on arrival in room was nice. Food was plentiful and varied in the buffet restaurant, even for a vegetarian, tho it was a bit tired and picked-over if you left it towards the end of the service. We also ate in the Italian and Spanish Restaurants which were OK. No stomach upsets at all. All in all, it was OK but not a place to return to in a hurry!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>6u66les
<Content>Holiday From Hell On just returning from what was meant to be the best day of any mothers life, i just thought i should warn anyone thinking of getting married or even just holidaying in this hell hole of a resort.we went here for my sons wedding, the dream wedding everyone dreams of, white sand blue seas, oh yes lovely only to have it become our worst nightmare which is what happened to us from the day we booked it really, let me explain roughly.My son and his fiance scanned many brouchures and decided to go with First Choice as their wedding package was the best by far and what they said about the resort it was worth the money.HaHa what a joke,all the wedding package that is in the brouchure no longer exists in Dominican Republic, infact it hasnt dont since before 2007, so everything the couple paid extra for they never got, ie chose of wedding cake, chose of flowers, chose of wedding date, they could only choose the colours and give 3 dates they would like but werent told of the actual date till they got there.Was given the wrong email address if they needed to get hold of their wedding co-ordinator by First Choice.The wedding parties flight tickets were lost in the post and 2 days before we flew the tickets were still not available and i have to pay to have them to be couriered to the shop,even then there was problems at check in which took 3 people and 2 check in desks to sort out all through the fault of First Choice.So do not believe their wedding brouchure at all,also if you have or do book a wedding with this dreadful company please please do not use the solicitor they advise you to as when he done the couples translation he failed to legalise it thus causing the couple major problems and the loss of the original legal documents, ie birth certs which we are in the prossess of trying to get back with a big fight again through the fault of First Choice. Now for the resort, if you have money that you can afford to waste then by all means go here, but otherwise dont go, its states in the brochure All Inclusive, never in a million years, the only food you can get throughout the day is pizza unless you want to fight the locals for the bread rolls and a slice of cake.The brouchure also states its a four star, i would give it one what the other 3 are for god knows.The rooms are damp dull and dark.At the weekend be prepared to go out of your resort to one of the other hotels as you wont get a sunbed and the only way youll eat is by qeueing for ages or having what is left over. the brochure says five hotels, this is true but you can only use three.The carib is not equipped for weddings or large parties, it took us an hour to check in as they had not resrved the right number of rooms and could not understand english well enough to comprehend. my son and his fiance had nothing but trouble due to the fact that they never saw a wedding co-ordinator for 6 days even though they were told they would see one on the day of arrival, but the annoying part was when they were seen it was by an office girl from the wedding office who had never done a wedding.The hotel was putting things on their bill that should of been free due to the wedding package but that didnt exist.They never got their honeymoon suite on arrival and the basket of fruit was just chooped up fruit from the buffet on a dinner plate wrapped in clingfilm, (wow thanks caribelast of the big spenders).I could go on but i think you should have a rough idea now what this place is really like, so please to all you mothers and fathers whose daughters or sons are thinking of getting married here please sway them to somewhere else as i would not like anyone to go through what my son and his new wife went through along with the rest of their families as in one way or oanother we were all affected by this nightmare.Thank you for taking the time to read this  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>chiquita00
<Content>Bad Idea The food was horrible (very few things on the menu were mediocre at best). The rooms had a moldy odor and were rundown. I've stayed at 4-star hotels many times before, and this IS NOT one of them. I suggest look elsewhere!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	3	3	

<Author>strott
<Content>Don't Book with this hotel Don't stay here the service was the pits. When we arrived our lock was broken, took three days to fix it. Would not put us in a another room, claimed they were all booked. Booked thru Apple Vacations and they were no help at all. Never Again.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	3	

<Author>Vacations1st
<Content>Worst Vacation Ever! We just got back from Barcelo Bavaro Caribe Beach in Punta Cana. We have stayed @ the Barcelo Maya 6 times on the Mayan Riv.. It was always wonderful. The Punta Cana facility has the worst service, condescending attitudes of the workers, no beer, flat beer, no coke,no ability to speak English, NO service, can't get change, cold food, not enough food,POOR room servicing,etc., not to mention the rudeness of the other guests - Horrible considering the beauty of the facility  great beach - We will NOT EVER go back to this Resort!The ONLY restaurant worth eating at is the Mexican one, run by Jorge Rodriguez  Sonja Valdez - two TREASURES to their corp.  they should be Commended for the service THEY  ONLY they provided us - Promote them to management  FIRE the rest of the staff!Also, the Thimble Jelly Fish are TERRIBLE in April - I'm STILL scratching! We are VERY unhappy with where we spent $3000.00!Very disappointed,Jess  Nancy room 7332, 4/5 to 4/14, 2008  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>houltonmaine
<Content>Good Vacation, Not the Best! I just returned from this the Barcelo Bavara Caribe (March 27th- April 3rd). Overall we had a good vacation. This was our first time to the Dominican but have travelled many other places in the world. Our room was the perfect location (6338) not far from the lobby, pool and beach. As all the other reviews say they are alittle out dated but honestly how much time do you spend in your room? Our balcony was great, big and quiet! The beach is beautiful with alittle sea weed by the shore. The food was good, better than I had expected. The only thing is that they don't change it up very much from day to day. The other hotels buffets are much similar so there is no sense going there. We ate at three a-la-cartes, the Italian- GOOD, the Mexican-BETTER and the Steakhouse-EXCELLENT! It is honestly faster to walk to most of the other resorts (Bavaro Beach, Golf and Casino) then to take the trollies. Its confusing at some places such as the pizzeria and at the food stop next to the disco because there are prices next to all the food items... these are still free for you! The first night we got there it was late and the disco was the only place to eat but we didn't bring money out with us so we starved until morning because we thought we had to pay. Lots of Europeans at this resort. I had read about that but didn't quite understand how many until we got there. I swear about only 20% of people spoke english and at the show one night there was only my boyfriend and I and one other couple from Canada! So if you enjoy speedo's and lots of toplessness this is the resort for you! Speaking of engligh, one big down fall is that the staff try and hardly any of them understand english to the extent you need them to. I would also recommend to bring your own mug or something because the cups they give you during the day are so small you need to refill many times and since there is no bar at the beach it will make your life easier! Also there are no face cloths in the room so bring your own. We did a few excursions. Every friday night they have a romantic lobster dinner on paradise island, beware you are not going on an island instead you are eating by the pool. We were disappointed with this but they did a wonderful job and the food and service was excellent. The cost was $35.00 per person but totally worth it. We also went parasailiing one day which we bought from a guy on the beach, that was $40.00 each for about 30 minutes. We chose to do the Reef Exploration tour, don't do it its a waste of money. We might have seen 30 fish and the there are 3 stingrays in a cage and 3 sharks in a cage. Not worth the $83.00 per person. One that we did and really enjoyed is the Bavaro Runners tour. It is all day and you really get to see the Dominican country side. As all the other reviews say, the locals are very pushy just don't make eye contact because if you do then they think that you are interested in what they are offering. All in all we had a great relaxing holiday and we would recommend this resort to others.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>OntarioCanadaDeb
<Content>Dont worry Be Happy       Night on the water  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cindytookoff
<Content>neutral experience I stayed at this place for a week just to relax and get some sun. The rooms were clean, the food was ok, nothing exceptionally bad or good.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BeachSpecialist
<Content>Wonderful Experience! My husband and I just returned from a 5 day stay at Barcelo Bavaro Caribe. I have to admit we were quite skepitcal and worried from the reviews we had read, but it served us well because we must of gone in with low expectations. The truth is everything was great! It took us a while to figure out how to get to the hotel when we arrived at the airport, but we simply took a cab and paid $20 (The range is $20-30). When we got to Caribe we were not disappointed. The beach is breathtaking, and the pool is exceptionally clean. Although the rooms might need a little makeover, how much time do you really spend in the room with such beautiful beaches and landscaping just steps away? There were lots of water sports included in the all-inclusive package (kayaking, peddle boats, and sailing boats), and alternating shows between the 4 hotels to watch at night. The buffets and restaurants always accomodated lots of people with immaculate service, even though we went during spring break week. Our favorites were the Steak House and the lunch cafe at Barcelo Golf. Tipping was not an issue; if you gave it was appreciated, if you didn't there was hardly any negative vibe. Like someone suggested on Trip Advisor before, take $100 in singles and $5 bills and that should be more than enough for tipping for your entire duration. Checking in and checking out were a breeze, and we were allowed a late check-out because we had a late afternoon flight. Overall, we had a wonderful experience and look forward to going again next year!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>johnnykat
<Content>Nightmare in paradise WARNING - BOOK THIS HOTEL AT YOUR OWN RISK!I had read many reviews on this property and despite some warnings on this site, we went with our family and friends.Upon arrival to the hotel lobby, with confirmation in hand, we were told that there was NO ROOM for us. The hotels are sold out.Wow.....we flew 4500 miles and there is no room at the Inn....amazing since our group coordinator spoke with the hotel the day before and all was confirmed.There was another couple from the States at the desk with us who had paid for there reservation 4 months ago and they were turned away as well....right about that time a bus pulled up from the airport only to have a clerk from the hotel desk go out and yell at the driver that he can't bring them here, there is no room. I have NEVER seen such an unorganized hotel. The lobby was full of unhappy people ( about 50 ), yet just a few steps away towards the beach, many were enjoying the pool and all the activities. Then a honeymoon couple came up to the desk and was turned away.....I thought that guy was going to get physical......It took over 2 hours in that hell....alot of frustration, argueing, translating....at one point it got real ugly - they wanted to see my copy of the reservation and confirmation that I had been emailed. They took it to copy and then refused to give it back. Not sure what that was about but I did get my copy back after 10 minutes of demanding.Finally, they shipped us off to another property about 5 miles away -The Catalonia Bavaro. It was beautiful, relaxing....truely a slice of heaven on earth. 2 days later, Barcelos called and wanted to move us back to their property.....hahaha....no way jose'!So...in conclusion, I guess I should thank Barcelos for sending us to a better hotel....but, I will NEVER book with Barcelo again.Hasta la vista, baby!!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>1	3	-1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>blackdogx3
<Content>Wonderful Vacation at Barcelo Bavaro Caribe i(Punta Cana) I just got back from a 4-day vacation at the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe resort in Punta Cana, and it was a great experience! Check-in was immediate, and the staff was friendly and willing to help in any way possible. The room was very nice and immaculately clean. The minibar in the room was always stocked and use is free of charge. The grounds of the resort were beautiful, very lush, tropical, and well cared for. It really gave you the feeling of being in the tropics. The beach is beautiful, and the water is crystallline blue.The resort offered plenty of activities, if you care to partake. There were exercise classes, water aerobics, water polo, dance lessons, as well as golf, tennis, ping pong, kayaking, and paddle boats. There's something for everyone. Again, the staff was very friendly.The food was good and plentiful. There were multiple restaurants and buffets to choose from. They offered 3 meals daily, plus you could get pizza any time of the day and there was a beach concession where you could get hamburgers, hot dogs, chicken, seafood paella, plus a number of other things.The drinks at the bar were free-flowing. They had beer and the usual mixed drinks, plus they had a lot of blended tropical drinks such as Bahama Mamas, Margaritas, Mai Tai, etc. Even though check-out time was noon and my flight wasn't until 4:00, they encourage you to stay at the hotel and use the facilities free of charge.I fully recommend the Barcelo Bavaro resort to couples, families, and even seniors. There were people there of all ages, and everyone was having a great time.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SOCSheridan
<Content>Barcelo Bavaro Caribe- Wonderful Experience My husband and I just returned from Punta Cana. We stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe. We had a wonderful trip. We part of a wedding group of 21. This resort surpassed our expectations. We, as many do, read the reviews and were a bit nervous but there was no need. The resort is a great place to relax and enjoy the sun. We left Halifax on March 1, just before a storm. We arrived at the hotel by noon, but our rooms were not ready until after 3:00. This was a minor disturbancee, but we were able to take advantage of the resort while we waited. We never had a problem with the food. We ate at the Steakhouse and the Italian restaurants along with the buffets. All meals were great. The waitresses could not do enough for you. Bars are available at all pools and beach areas. There are more than enough beach chairs. If one area of the beach was too crowded, we just walked a little further down. The Caribe has the best breeze of the hotels in this group. The weather was great. I never needed a sweater in the evening. We usually walked between the hotels at night. A train is also available. Our rooms were clean. They aren't the most modern, but how much time do you actually spend in the room? We went to this resort for a wedding, and it was beautiful! It took place on the beach. Cocktails and finger foods were served following the ceremony, followed by a dinner at the steakhouse. The photographer was great. The pictures were beautiful. We hated to leave, but we are definitely going back next year. We are going to upgrade to the Palace, so that every restaurant is available to us. There were a lot of families at this resort. Also later in the week there were large groups of students arriving. We figured that it was spring break somewhere. We were never kept awake at night due to noise at all. Security is everywhere. Hope this review is helpful  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>envy4u
<Content>Just OK Just to give you a little background about us. We are seasoned travellers in our late 40's and prefer a more upscale resort. Therefore, in my opinion we have higher expectations than a couple who has travelled less . We were convinced by our friends to join them for one week at this resort. For the money, 2370.00 for both us we got what we paid for. The food was ok. You will always find something you can eat. The entertainment was just ok as well. They do their best. The rooms were tired looking and need an update. Our main complaint was that the service from staff fell short big time.. We waited for drinks all the time and the tables at the buffet and at the al la carte restaurants were not set up or cleared promply. We were constantly asking for something that the staff should of been doing without having to ask. Tipping does not help in most cases. The beach and water were beautiful. We were looking for a getaway from the cold North and if you don't expect much this resort will do for some R  R.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jennytollie
<Content>Paradise with one small flaw We stayed here from January 26 to February 2, 2008. It was the most wonderful resort and beach we've ever been to. We're a group of 5 and have been going on winter beach getaways for about 8 years. Always somewhere different so we've seen a wide variety. We really enjoy the diverse culture mix at a European favorite location such as Punta Cana. The beach is AMAZING! With the reef so far out we were able to enjoy the paddleboats, kayaks, snorkeling, swimming with the sharks  stingrays. One of us even tried scuba diving. I highly recommend the segways, we had a blast on them our last afternoon. If the ultra light very small flying machine is giving rides, do it! Two of us did it the first day and said it was 4 times better than para-sailing. The rest of us were going to do it later in the week, but it got too windy. This complex is HUGE with a ton of different things to do! If you think the beach is too crowded for walling, the grounds are beautifully landscaped. Be sure to check out the kink-necked mother duck and her ducklings over by the mini-golf. It is a beautiful resort and we really enjoyed not having to make reservations for any of the restaurants like most of the AI's require. The mattresses were much softer than anything we've seen in Mexico, that was a nice surprise.The staff work very hard and try to serve you as quickly as possible we felt pampered. I recommend two trips and will review them separately from the hotel. I only mention them here to say book them through your travel rep. We traveled through Funjet and Jerry was the rep at the hotel. His packages are the most professional, both safe and friendly guides with good language skills. I talked to people that booked 4 wheel jungle tours and other things off the beach and they were not happy. Stick with Jerry I saw him everyday and no one was ever complaining.There are two times during the day that there is no food available anywhere 10:30 to noon and 5 to 6:30 I think. We did find some sandwiches at the mini golf bar and the casino had a few open face sandwiches. We ate at the Mexican and the Steakhouse often and really liked the La Uva Grill had the best Paella and it's directly on the beach. Just on the other side of the water equipment. We never got to the French restaurant, but we liked the flamingos outside of it. The shows at your resort are above average and the Tropicalizmo is NOT worth the effort. Stay in one of the resorts where the drinks are free (or prepaid). We were booked in the Caribe hotel of this complex with a request for rooms close together. A friend who is a Spanish Professor called to confirm that our reservation was correct and stress the rooms close together. When we got there we ended up in the Beach (slightly lower rating) and in different buildings! Honestly though it was beautiful, warm, and just to wonderful to get upset about it. The only serious difference I could tell about the rooms were we didn't get a welcome bottle of rum in our room. We left a $5 tip for both the maid and person restocking the refrigerator everyday with a note requesting plenty of towels and cerveza. So once we got used to meeting on the beach in front our building or at the pool bar the distance between rooms wasn't noticed. All in all if we ever start returning to places we've been this will probably be the first. I've attached the map of the resort complex so you can see how big it is. You'll have to go there to see how beautiful.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ms.Tex1
<Content>Your trip is what you make it.       Banana boating, what a blast  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	1	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>LAtheTA
<Content>Perfect for a First AI Booked online with Apple Vacations. First time I went was June 03 and then again in January 04. Tramcar (just like that thing on the boardwalk at the Jersey shore) runs throughout resort, nice for rides to the disco when you have heels on. Beach is close to all hotels, no need to take the tram just to go to the beach. Locals are pushy, girls: do not go anywhere at night by yourself, the locals are extremely sexually harrasive to women in staying in resort. Large market down the beach a bit good for haggeling...t shirts, cheap jewlry, moist cartons of cigs. Hotel was great...airport is terrible. I was 18 when I went and it was my first time out of the country...airport security joked to me about having cocaine rolled up inside a painting I bought.......while I was distracted and a bit shocked that an official was joking about such a thing, $60 was taken from my wallet which they also searched. Hard to fine english speaking people at the airport but communication is not impossible.Great for spring break / senior week........best value in the Caribbean, not the best island tho. Only 30% american, lets face it, American's are obnoxios and loud...Europeans and their kids are much nicer to share a beach with.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>new-traveller1366
<Content>wow ! amazing ! booking again next year what an amazing place! our trip started off on dec 24 booking sunscape which i had picked out of all the travel books.2 weeks later reading reviews found out it was not what i thought i booked instead the old allegro which took the name 'sunscape' on dec 22. research on this resort made me cry for 2 days ! no cancellation insurance so i would be out 2500. my husband convinced me we would go with very low expectations. 2 days before our trip sell off emails a change in resorts or money back. barcelo bravo caribe beach resort  chameleon package 5 resorts in one . we were thrilled and excepted the change happily.arrived in early morning brought right too room with congiege service. right then we new we would be vips all week. rum in our room fruit platter stocked fridge every day snacks electronic safe. room 2628 beautiful partial ocean view. food was supurb ate everything in moderation drinks were great ice cubes no problem mosiqutos only the last night in lobby never used our off. rooms clean no bugs! animation team great. lots of fun beach superiour what can i say book it! go! fantastic! took vip excursion to suana island fantastic 278$ for 2 well worth the money! grounds where mature and breathtaking. nothing else we could of asked for. truley paridise!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!dont hasitate just book it staff was exeptionable!never used imodium or tylonel or pepto bismol. make sure you try mamawannas!!!!!no need for bubba kegs ours sat in luggaqe all week bars are everywere!!hope this helps  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>beachbums01
<Content>First time.....but definatly not the last time!!       The Beautiful Beach  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	5	5	

<Author>LanFamCan
<Content>Awesome vacation! We just got home from a week at Barcelo Bavaro Caribe in Punta Cana. Before booking our trip we checked out this site several times to find a good resort. The reviews on this one were mixed, but the pics looked great and the price was tempting so we went with it. I was not for one second disappointed. The motto I think they use at this resort is if it aint broke dont fix it For example there is one fountain that had two flood lights pointed at it. One of the flood lights are missing, does the fountain still get illuminated at night? Yes. Does it work yes, so there is no rush in fixing it. There might be the odd cracked tile in the floor here or there. Is it bad enough to trip over? No. Things like this are present in some places on the resort. But it is ok with me. Everything is functional but not perfect. This might be why this resort at the moment has a lower rating. The room (#6225)Located on the second floor a very short walk to the beach and pool. The view was nice, palm trees with just a bit of ocean peaking through. Kind of damp feeling, the air conditioning worked but not good enough to get rid of the dampness. There were mosquitoes due to the patio doors that wouldn鈥檛 quite close with out cracks big enough for them to enter but nothing we couldn't handle. At one point my patio door was jammed but they were very quick to fix it. It was fixed about 10 minutes after the complaint call.The FoodNot a single complaint. We ate everything and anything we could get our hands on and it was all good. No one had any serious tummy troubles or anxious trips to the washroom. We mostly ate at the many buffets but did try the Steak House (amazing) and the Italian Restaurant (also amazing).The StaffEveryone was amazing! They tried to speak English for us and if they couldn鈥檛 understand they took the time to find someone who could. They were friendly all the time and always smiling, singing and dancing. I have never seen such a group of happy workers. If you are nice to them they are nice to you.The ResortYes this is a big resort but there was a train that went by every 10 mins so getting around isn鈥檛 a problem. Everything is in walking distance so the train is not a necessity. I loved the fact that we could go from one hotel to another for a change of scenery and feel. Every hotel was clean and all the staff were friendly. The food was great at all of the restaurants.The PoolsI have never seen such clean pools. The water was a good temperature and no heavy chlorine smell. One thing I should mention is that the only swim up bar is at the Palace. We were really looking forward to the swim up bar only to find out we could not use it, very disappointing. No night swimming which was a bummer but oh well, there鈥檚 an ocean a few feet away.The BeachVery nice view and palm trees and almost white sand. Really nice.Most people don鈥檛 clean up after themselves but there were always men cleaning the beach. It is hard to keep up sometimes. But on the most part clean..The CasinoNolitours was where we booked our vacation and they said it came with $40 worth of casino chips. In actuality you get 4 vouchers for a $10 bet. To use the voucher you need to place 1 $10 bet along with the voucher and if you win you get whatever the odds were on the chip bet and only get the $10 from the voucher. I鈥檓 a little peeved about this but its not the casino at fault. Other than that the casino wasn鈥檛 bad.The Day/Night EntertainmentActivities/shows at every hotel night and day which are fun. The MC at our resort BirdMan as we liked to call him was very funny WOOOW and AAAWH AAAAWH is his trademark, nice guy. If you want to be pampered like a King/Queen then this isn鈥檛 the place to go. If you want good value, food, drinks, people then I recommend it. I don鈥檛 know what else to say. We loved our vacation and would go back in a heartbeat. I can鈥檛 wait to take my kids next time.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>DiveCruiser
<Content>Great property, food but watch out for the locals 3 of us went. Property was to die for. The pool was hugh. The beach had sand that was never hot even in the noonday sun. If you don't speak spanish it would be a big plus. We were able to get our points accross but @ time it was a challenge. The games would have been better if we understood. Watch out for the locals that get ADAY PASS on the weekend they take over the pool area. The golf bar had the best ice cold bottled presidente beer. (that made it had getting back to the room.) The Food was good sometimes you were not sure what it was but you are in the caribbean. The western rest was the better. The medalions were great and tender. If you go to the mexican only eat @ the buffet where you make your own tacos and stuff.  They rotate the night shows with the other Barcelo hotels. I'm sure if we tryied We could have made this a bad review BUT, We were in the caribbean for a week HOW BAD CAN THAT BE!!!!!!!!!!!?????????????!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>HollywoodMunster
<Content>Rather disappointing Our recent stay at the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe was the most disappointing of any trip we've taken. We booked our trip with our agent through Nolitours (we have related issues with Nolitours regarding what was included/promised  the representatives were nowhere to be found. Be very wary when booking the Cameleon Club Select). Rooms: We stayed in room 6256, oceanview. What we weren't told was that this room would be an add'l US $35.00/night. The room, though basically clean, was stuck somewhere in the late 1970's. Initially, our TV did not work at all  the staff was actually quick to change it out completely. We found bugs in our room 3 nights in a row and complained 3 nights in a row. It wasn't until my husband threw a fit at the front desk that someone actually arrived  sprayed our room. After that we only found the odd creepy crawly. Our balcony had a great view of the beach and the ocean, but it also has a pigeon living in the rafter, so EVERY day there was MASSIVE pigeon poop on our balcony. Rather then fix the gap in the rafter, I guess they would rather the maid mop it daily.Food: The food was mostly typical buffet fare. We mainly ate at the Caribe Buffet for breakfast  lunch, although we did go once to the Beach buffet for breakfast (seemed very small and chaotic vs. Caribe). My tenderloin medallions were good, but also under cooked at the steakhouse. My husband said his burger was disgusting. The tequila shrimp  taco bar at the Mexican restaurant and the pizza from the Italian restaurants are probably the best food served here. Beach/Pools/Grounds: The beach was fantastic white powdery sand and the water clear (probably the best thing going for the hotel). The chairs were more plentiful at the beach, but if you want a shady spot, be prepared to get up early. The pool was typically spotless as the staff mopped  straightened the deck every morning (except Thursday for some reason). The grounds were just OK. The lawns looked like they need to be mowed, there was random garbage that wasn't picked up (we walked by the same blue broom head at the base of a palm every single day for a week). The grounds have so much potential if some decent effort were put to them.Service/Staff: The people working the hair braiding/massage huts were more then aggressive to say the least. Walking onto the beach or even by a beach entrance got to be a hassle, as they were CONSTANTLY nagging. Don't even say, Maybe later for a massage, because they'll come find you  hassle you saying, You promised! Also, have a couple rolls of quarters with you for every time you go to the bar for a drink. If you don't tip each drink, they ignore you. My husband  I are used to tipping at the end of a meal or day based on the service we received. We tip for fine service provided, not to get service. The front desk staff was OK. The maids  concierge were good. The massage attacks and poor bar service are foremost in our minds about this trip, it was really irratating. We did take a day trip Bavaro Runners and had a fantastic time. It was US $85.00 per person  a bargain at that. We saw and did so many different things (horseback riding, sugar cane fields, cigar rolling, hiking, coffee plantation...). This trip  the tour guides are bar far the most positive part of the our entire trip.All in all I think our money would have been better enjoyed elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>bullriderss
<Content>Forget the negative reveiws, had a great time       room  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Bonnie56
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic!       Beautiful Pool!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>grandmonsterb
<Content>Good Resort for the money Stayed in the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe from Dec 20-25, 2007.Reservations: Booked via Deltavacations.com website package of flight + hotel.Flight from New York(JFK): 3 1/2 hours, no food - snacks only., arrived at 2:00PM local time.Airport at Punta Cana - fast going through customs, $10 entry fee collected before you pass through customs and they take away all the papers you fill on the plane/airport.Shuttle to hotel via Club Caribe: could be located outside, just turn right. They usually wear green shirts. Ride to the hotel in the A/C mini-van for about 25 minutes.Check-In: within 20 minutes, provided the print-out from the website with the reservation information, no credit card asked, got the room on the second floor, # 6108. The building is located next to the lobby and the balcony is facing the little yard. All the buildings are very very close to the beach...1 minute walk...Room: Two large queen beds, table with two chairs, 20 inch TV, CNN and couple of other english-language channels, but mostly local ones and spanish/german/french ones.Large bathroom, with separate room with a toilet. Great showers, hot water everyday and great water pressure. Good white towels.Regrigerator is in the room and usually filled with 3 bottles of local beer, 4-5 sodas(pepsi, light pepsi, sprite, etc), two large bottles of water) - re-filled once a day.The room looks kind of old but I could not say that everything was in bad shape or damaged...just it looks like it had few years of usage... The A/C was working great....a little bit noisy but working just fine the entire stay.Room service: every day around 10-11AM....great quality....I usually left few $$ every day for the maid.Beach: really great, white clean sand, lots of shade, you don't have to go early in the morning to get a good spot - plenty were available....you can go in eighther direction..the beach is very long...lots of space if you want to have quiet stay. Great ocean, clean, clear water, no rocks, great temperature.Activities: There is beach volleyball, some activities near the pool, but the activity team is not as involved as in other hotels I've stayed. Food: The buffet breakfast is standard with eggs station, some salads, potatoes, cold cuts, fruits, pancakes, pretty bad juices. Service is a bit slow...but you can go and get yourself a coffee wthout waiting for a waiter to service you. Lunch: lots of choices, some dishes are better than others, usually two soups, few types of meat dishes, pasta station, grill station(meats, fish could be ordered and cooked in few minutes).Also, there are several places right on the beach serving lunch: pizzas, hot dogs, hamburgers, etc. Dinner: The buffet is good, lots of choices, great white and red wines, local beer. I have NOT gone to any of the restaurants this time.I've also went to the buffets of other hotels in the complex: Beach, CCasino and Golf. Again, pretty much the same food choices.Food safety: I have not had any issues/problems with food. Use bottled water, I've also used soda drinks at the buffet, I've avoided some salads that didn't look too good. Entertainment: There is a show in each hotel every evening at 22:30. All the shows at Caribe were below everage. I went to see the show at the Casino hotel(Tropicalissimo). That one was pretty good but all the drinks they serve at the theatre are not free.I've also went to the Barcelo Palace to view couple of shows...they were slightly better quality....Overall, nothing to be impressed. The shows at Barcelo at Riviera Maya in Mexico were much better..You can easily walk between the Caribe/Beach, Casino and Golf - they are within 10-15 minute walk from each other. The Palace is away - about 30 minutes walk...so use the mini-train that is available the entire day and runs every 1--15 minutes.People: from all over the world, lots of europeans(brits, french, italians, germans, spanish), lots of south america(equador, columbia, venezuela, argentina, brazil), some canadians, some US. If you prefer all US/canada - this is NOT the place to go.Weather: really great, about 82-84F everyday, could rain for 15-30 minutes, the humidity is not very high. Check-out: no issues,12:00PM, ride to the airport with Club Caribe. Flight to NYC, 3 1/2 hours.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Neil38
<Content>Good Value We stayed there in 2006, just joined tripadvisor (sorry for the late review) - this is a great first resort to go to in DR. The beach is excellent - simply beyond compare. The hotel itself is large enough - given that the complex includes Barcelo Beach, Caribe, Palace, Golf  Casino) - lots to do and see. It's a 4-star - not a 5, not a 3. Everything is fine. If you want the equivalent of Marriott, this is not it. If you want the equivalent of Holiday Inn, this is it. Ask yourself, why are you going - if it's the beach, pool, drinks and food, you will have an excellent time. Just be realistic that not everyone will speak English, relax and enjoy. The beaches in Punta Cana are the best, have fun.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	2	3	3	

<Author>JimBarbCanada
<Content>2nd time back and still enjoyed it very much       poolside Caribe  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>destreure
<Content>Great Trip Don't belive the Yanks Don't believe the yankees or brits. This hotel was an excellent choice for the price. We arrived 2 days after the tropical storm devastated the island and we were treated very well during our 8 day visit. My wife and I are from Texas so we know enough Spanish to get by. The way we feel is we are in a Spanish speaking country it is our job to learn enough of the language to get by. How arrogant can you be to say they should learn English to come to the US but why should we learn Spanish when going to their country. If you take a couple hours time before you leave to learn a few words like please, thank you, before you go I promise you will get a better response.I am 29 and my wife is 33. We both had a blast. This hotel, and this country, would be a good vacation for anyone with kids, anyone younger who wants to party, or anyone older who wants to relax and tuck in early. We went to sleep by 9:00 on two separate nights and did not wake up to a sound until 9:00 the next morning!!!The grounds were cleaner than any hotel grounds I have visited in the US or tropics. They entire hotel staff is dedicated to creating a clean environment. I watched a security guard pick up trash as he made his nightly rounds.  The hotel food is good (NOT EXCELLENT) But good.The rooms were Good. (Again not Excellent).The beach.. OMG. What else can you say about a perfect caribbean beach with the clearest blue water in the world. I can't imagine a beach cleaner or more beautiful in the entire world. Remember this is a beach vacation and you will enjoy your stay.The drinks were great. If you did not ask for alcohol they did not serve it. They are a family resort. Kids order pina colada's all day long. They would rather not give some drunk yankee rum than give a child alcohol. If you want rum just order your drink and say WITH RUM. Or in spanish.. CON RUM. That simple. No reason to complain. because you didn't get something you didn't ask for. The service was ok. The service in NY is 10 times worse than the worst service I recieved in the Dominican. Some staff was less than friendly but once you initiated conversation they were all willing to help. We took an 8 hour day trip with Bavaro Runners. This is a must for anyone interested in learning about the country you are visiting. This trip was reasonably priced (80 US per Person). It included drinks (RUM AND CERVAZA), lunch and a wealth of knowledge. We visited the local farms, churches, schools, etc. We were pretty tired by the end of the day but it was well worth the time out away from the beach.This is a must do trip for anyone looking for a quiet relaxing time away from reality.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	3	4	2	

<Author>SaltyVaBeach
<Content>New Yorker reviews?? come on Notice how all the bad reviews are from New Yorkers?? Hmmm I wonder why maybe because they are the rude ones? Just a thought. The people there are great. The amenities and and hotel are just like the pictures and are what you make of them. Will add photos later. Growing up in a tourist city enables you to be able to pick out a touron (tourist and moron) from NY/NJ from a mile away. Relax and be happy, or just go to the shore. Nasty beaches and people to match. Really that is why people that grow up in Virginia Beach go to the Outer Banks to get away from people like this, and no we don't go to the VB oceanfront in the summer because we are again avoiding those types of people. We have our own beaches :) Everywhere in the Carribean I have been, over 20 places, there are great people you just have to learn to relate to them. It isn't easy for us to understand that making $20 a day is great. That some have and never will be able to travel off their island. That their education is not given to them like ours. Relax and open up, and I bet you find that any beach town there are good people, they just hate tourists that act like they own the place.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Snorkel2
<Content>Believe all the negative reviews Before booking this trip, we read many reviews, mostly all bad but chose to believe the few good ones. #1 mistake.We booked through travelocity, they never had our reservation at the hotel, waited in line 6hrs, staff ignored us, I was hysterical, they ignored us more. We had to pay for a room and decided to deal with travelocity when we got home.Airport arrival, they only take US Dollar, nothing else. We had no cash, our mistake, but we figured we could hit an ATM and get cash, sure but only in PESO. Airport staff HARRASS you, everyone has different price. We arrived at the Caribe-Beach, got out, and the taxi driver told us we needed to go to Beach since this place was closed for renovations, ok, why are there 500 people in the lobby then?We get to Beach, another 500 people in lobby.Check - in staff dont care, they ask for voucher, which in US they dont give you, then they check it in computer then walk back to this office and come back and help someone else. Very rude, very little english.Room - OH MY GOD!!!!! We were upgraded to ocean front for our 6hr check in problems, room was ok, basic, bathrooom - DIGUSTING. Ceiling leaking water, water damage everywhere, old, nasty. A/C did not work. Called guest services, said they would send someone, 3 hrs later, boiling in our room, called back, they sent someone. They knew exactly what to bring and what to fix, hence this must have been problem many, many times before. Duct tape and thats it. They claimed it was fixed, it was barely on low for us. We were so happy to finally be checked in, we didnt bitch. By 6th day, the A/C was broke again, they came to fix with same materials and it broke again at 2AM and we had to suffer all night because guest services closes at midnight, and you cant get any service after that. We asked to switch rooms for the last night since our A/C was now broke, the tub was clogged with water and the toilet had proceeded to overflow all over the floor. BELIEVE THESE REVIEWS.Food - the food is pretty good, the buffet is sketchy since they dont believe in ice like we do, but if you are careful with what you pick, you should be fine. this is not to say we all didnt get the runs and one of us in bed for 24hrs with violent stomach pains.Oh and the maid stole our entire box on Immodium.Booze - 2 types of beer and the rest fruity drinks, it gets old quick. And they dont pour heavy either.Staff - barely speak english, they work their butts off though and get paid nothing for it. But they choose to do it so oh well.Wedding - we got married there, it was planned 6 months in advance, the wedding planner, Maricruz should be shot. They sent the flowers and champagne late, they decorated the wrong room and they got our dinner reservations and wedding cake date late so we had neither. Oh and when we got back to the room, the A/C was broke. Great wedding night. They also told the photographers onsite not to photograph us since we didnt buy the photographer package.Airport depature - the staff open up the taxi, take your luggage without asking then carry it for you to the line, we didnt ask, they just do it then stand there and wait for tip. Very very pushy too.There was no airport depature tax like they say, so I dont know where people get that from.Back home in US, it feels really good to be home.I would not choose this resort or the Dominican Republic for vacation, go to Mexico instead.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	3	3	1	1	2	

<Author>Open-mind-travellers
<Content>Very nice place, really Caribbean! We've been twice times to Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort. Every time I am reading people are rude, the staff, and the Europeans are rude... Would it not be nice and honest if you look at yourself and think in what way you are acting and how you behave? Think about that please. Don't you ever drop something on the ground, thinking they will throw it away/clean it, they get paid for it, reserving chairs at the pool or at the beach because you want to have a nice place in the shade, viewing the sea? Looking not nice, because you've a bad day/hangover of too much alcohol the night before? And because of that, puking in the pool? We've seen it happen and did feel bad about it.A lot of tourists tell you to tipp the maid, the waiters and so on... But please also think of the people who are gardening for you, in the heat of the sun whole day, 6 days a week. With one or two dollars or a bottle of water, they are very happy wiht it. And also the man on the train(s), they don't get anything except their salary. Most of the time they are forgotten by the tourists. One man was writing about the wet slippery and often hot tiles. So sorry, but I must laugh about that. If you walk around and they don't clean everything, than people complain. The tiles are too hot? Tip: wear open shoes (flipflops) so your feet don't get burned!All in all, we like the resort very much. We hope to return to BBB in april or may 2008. The shows are fine, the whole complex looks like a small village. The food is good, the staff is behaving normal seeing the circumstances.A lot of the staf get very low paid, around $150,- a month, working 6 days a week, or even more, because most of them collect their free days and go off for 4 days a month to see their family. Can you imagine, working more than 12 ours a day every day?? In that heat. I would not think of it! They don't want to be friends with you. That's reality. All they want is their job, get the money, have some fun with their real friends and family (very important to them!) and have some sleep...... Maybe they want the same things as you expect at your work at home? Why must that be a problem?There are also complaints that the staff cannot or are not willing to speak English. When we speak to them, broken Spanish and in English, they told us that the management don't want them to follow English courses, because than they (the management) have to pay them more salary. I heard it in the Dom.Rep. and also at Brasil (their language there is Portugese). So don't blame the staff, but (most of the time) the European! or American management.I must agree with some other people: we are guests in a 3th world country, so you cannot wish having everything the same as it is in your country. If you want to have that luxury and a more than 100% (fake-smile)service, than go on holiday in your own country or stay at home.The smell in the room: when it is humid and hot, put on the a.c. when you get in the room and if you like, at night. Maybe it will go away if you do so.The resort is old (I think now around 15 years). Because of the heat and the sea, everything gets old in a fast way. As I heard from my travelagency and read from other people on other websites, they are renewing the Beach-part. Maybe later the other sections will be renewed? If you choose this accomodation, don't worry, you will get what you've paid for. It is worth the money.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>5555mets
<Content>excellent beaches Loved dr people are nice beaches and the water is great.The food is good grilled chicken beef fish usual all inclusive with all kinds of vegatables. Ive been to cancun a few times i always find something i like.Stick to what u normally eat u will be fine.I had pasta a few nights go to the grill they make it right in front of u pick your sauce.The beer is good went to the disco every night latin music everyone is dancing having fun.Weather was good maybe rained 2 times at night thats it.The rooms are good cable tv order movies u have cnn to see the news.The refrigerator has beer water soda.I would go back to this hotel in a minute nice relaxing vacation.Compare all inclusives that i stayed at club med food had the best home made bread.RIU had best breakfast home made yogort .Barcelo was good at giving u the widest selection of food to choose from  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>maggierose64
<Content>Would never go back Stayed at the Caribe Beach with my husband and 4 daughters 12-19. The hotel is pretty, the beach was beautiful. The food was ok, but I wasn't expecting much. Our major complaint was the staff and how unfriendly and rude they were with the exception of maybe 3 people. We received the same rude and unfriendly attitude at all 5 Barcelo hotels. No one ever smiled or ever bothered to try and be friendly. If you weren't South American you were basically ignored. The activity staff did absolutely nothing to get anyone involved so there wasn't much to do. Even kayaking and paddleboating was ridiculous, nobody even bothers to explain how to do things. Basically, you go and take what you want and you are on your own. The shops were outragiously expensive, $50 american for a blow up beach ball. Don't know if that was just for us Americans or everyone. $7 for a bag of cheese doodles, ridiculous!! I was told by a few friends that the staff and also most of the guests were not very friendly, but I didn't think it would be as bad as it was. It really is sad because the resort is really pretty and the beach is beautiful but I would never go there again.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>slarnder
<Content>Perfect Vacation What can I say? Just read every good review of this resort...they say it all! We had the best week EVER and would go back in a heartbeat. Do not worry about people who gave it a bad review. If you can't be happy here, you can't be happy anywhere. I was just getting over bronchitis when we arrived and still had the most amazing time. The beach, the water, the food, the atmosphere...it was all perfect. If you want to go on your dream vacation, the Caribe is the place for you. Just one tip: book the Prestige package if possible. It costs a teeny bit more, but gets you VIP check-in and unlimited access to just about every restaurant. You will not be sorry.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jhjohnson5
<Content>Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful       The beach stretched for miles!!  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>bigdrewMaryland
<Content>Wonderful Time This is a beautiful resort..the grounds, the unbelievable beach, and, ok, the rooms are a bit old, but are kept very well. We found the staff to be very friendly. They work long hours for little money, so a smile, patience, and a tip now and then go a long way.The food is not 4 star, but there is so much to choose from, one cannot go away hungry. We were in the all inclusive plan, so we could go to a buffet with hundreds of choices, or about 6 other restaurants for any meal. The Italian was very good, and the sea food grill on the beach was also very good. As for activities, there are all water sports, beautifull tennis courts, miniature golf, putting green, golf course, shows every night, volleyball on the beach...just to name a few. Does it sound like we had fun? yes indeed!!  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>chicomama
<Content>Awesome Vacation       Punta Cana Airport  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>solibrown
<Content>Sucks, Sucks, Sucks First of all let me tell you that this is not a family oriented resort. On the brochures it states that it is but please believe me when I tell you it is NOT. I traveled with a group of 18 people including 6 children and EVERYONE WAS BORED!!. The entertainment staff was Whack as my older son would say. They do absouletly no activites for the kids. My husband and I had to travel to the sister hotels just to find things for our son to do but like in our hotel all the activities were cancelled due to staff going on vacation. How convient!!The food was horrible!! And please believe me when I tell you my husband is still going to the bathroom. And keep in mind that he is used to eating spanish food being that I am Puerto Rican, so I do not want people to think that its that he is not use to spanish food. I only eat spanish food and found myself picking at everythiing. All I ate was chicken!! My son had french fries90% of the staff had attidudes and spoke no English. Half on them did not even know what was going on in the hotel. When you check in they just give you your key card and off you go. Oh I forgot to mention that we were dropped off at the wrong hotel and the receptionist was extremely rude, enough that I was going to show her how me get down in NY.Bottom line is do not book this hotel. My husband and I travel alot and we always try to book 4 star or better resort. We were very disappointed with our stay and felt the money was not worth it. I would recommend you stay at the Riu Resort were they know how to treat a guest.Pleae be advised that upon entering the country you must pay to go in at the airport. This is new to me, i have been to other Islands in the Carribean and this is a first!!  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>1	3	2	2	2	1	1	3	

<Author>wobblywickster
<Content>Only Complaint.....too much sand in my toes - Great Vacation!!!               More photos  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xsinister1x
<Content>Decent trip overall Buffett service is slow, it seems like the service staff per table is 9 to 1, meaning one service staff per 9 tables. So expect filling and re-filling of water to be slow. Get yourself fruit drinks, colas, beer, wine, etc yourself to speed up the thirst quenching process. Lots of food varieties, I recommend the fresh cooked section whereas they'll cook your eggs or omlette in front of you using real eggs not powdered eggs. During lunch, use this area too if you're food picky, as you can get grilled chicken, beef skirt steaks, and fish fillets cooked in front of you. If you prefer buffett style, numerous options to choose from. Pizza at many of the restaurants is ok do not confuse this with your favorite pizza eatery from home, but definitely do-able. Check out the Bavaro Steakhouse, which is included in the all-inclusive price - the Churrasco and the Sirloin cuts are worth getting. Both are better than average beef skirt cuts, but well tenderized in sea water which leaves a good taste - not too salty and brings out the taste surprisingly well. (Skirt steak is a cheaper cut, but if marinated right it can be very good). The Italian restaurant is ok and the Mexican Lindo is ok as well - had good table service at each, but the food is avg so it only gets the ok grading. Pool bar service can be slow, I found it's always faster if you want to the bar area where the beverage is located - for example if you want bottled water, move to the section of the bar that stores it in the area, same for other types of drinks. Most alcohol drinks are watered down - I expected that, plus they cannot make a Mojito if their life depended on it - don't even ask for this drink you'd be wasting your time. The cash bar is decently priced, but don't expect a huge variety like at your favorite watering hole. La Uva beach bar had rude and slow service, did it once and that was enough for me. Barcelo Bavaro Caribe has by far better landscaping than Bavaro Golf, Barvaro Casino and Bavaro Beach, the grounds looked great. The rooms were average, the ac leaked water from the ceiling during the overnight but it was taken care of the next morning. The ac does get cold, very very cold. Shower water pressure was avg, but usable. House keeping did a good job on cleaning and re-stocking the in-roon minibar (drinking the glass bottled Cokes tasted so much better than the canned Cokes here in the U.S.). They took care of the beach, raked it each morning to rid the seawood and debris - walk the beach and see other resort properties and compare, you should see the difference on how well Barcelo took care of it's beach maintenance. The pool was in good shape, even with large crowds. All in all, I would go back.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>MLMD
<Content>Decent hotel, Best beach, bad food My girlfriends and I stayed here in May 2006. We had a WONDERFUL time, but that doesn't mean the hotel is terrific. Hotel was decent. Rooms were decent, but not on par with most U.S. hotels (regular hotels like Marriott, etc.; not Motel 6). We didn't stay in the rooms much. Small problem with tiny ants in our room. They didn't bother us, but got into our luggage, so we had to knock them out. Bathroom isn't that great and very dimly lit, but we didn't care. The beach was absolutely breathtaking. Perfect crystal clear water that is shallow for a good distance from the shore. Nice pool, but who wants to be at the pool when there's the beach? The beach water is so calm and perfect you don't need the pool. We found the staff friendly. The food, however, was horrible. The only food we liked was the fruit and the pizzas offered at the small pizza shack by the pool. Buffet was awful, but the worst was the Italian restaurant by far. Take advantage of the tour guide at the hotel. We booked the Marinarium tour (boat takes you out to snorkel w/ nurse sharks  rays and then for a dip in chest deep water where they serve you drinks in the ocean). The Marinarium tour was FABULOUS! Highly recommend it! You'll miss out if you don't go! The staff on the tour were the best!!! Lots of fun! Anyways, if you're looking for great free food, then forget about this place. But, if you're more into the beach, then this is your place! We loved it!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>agostino
<Content>Please for your sake o somewhere else.... DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY OR TIME!!! Well lets begin by saying when i ARRIVED I had paid for a prestige room which said that it had an oceanview room and of course never recieved that. The food was nothing less than mediocre, the service was nothing more than a 2 star and the hotel is older than I am. I will give you examples on how they treated me and the group that I went with. We had attended the Mexican A la carte restaraunt and as we got there we were told to wait outside for it was to busy...but looking in there was at least 10 tables available...finally after 15 mins outside they let us in an pointed us to our table, yes thats right I said pointed, not walked pointed. After seating ourselves we had waited 35 minutes to get menus and another 10 mins after that to get drinks, but the reataraunt was not even busy, so I kindly went to the manager and asked directly for menus in english and he resonded in spanish very rudely, but what he did not realize that I spoke spanish fluently and then when I told him that his face went beet red!! The hotel staff was always rude and it felt like it was a chore for them to do things. For the money I paid I would recommend The Bahia Principe....now thats a hotel not this not by far. There is so much more to say but there is only so much room to write, so to end off do yourselfs a favour if you are trying to make a good choice for a hotel take my advice I go away 3 times a year, dont waste your money here its not worth it at all. I am not picky, I just want to expect what I pay for thats all. Its like going to the grocery store and paying for a ponud of tomatoes and recieving a quarter pound!!!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	2	1	3	

<Author>Tina8
<Content>Go Elsewhere! Baaaaaaaaaad service! Rude front desk staff, Patrick is a rudeTransat Rep... $27.00 US for suntan lotion, $8.00 US for bag of chips... Bar fridge stocked with Coke Light and Tonic Water...My son saw a worker let themselves in someones room and took a coke out of their fridge. I went up to the bar and asked for 3 bottled water, they gave me 2 and said they didn't have any more, then when I left, proceeded to give their workers bottled water...Not enough service staff, had to line up at bar for a drink everytime, then when you give them a tip, they don't even thank you. Gave maid $5.00 US a day for room service and one day got four towels, next few days got 2 towels, put her tip down to $3.00 US, got no toilet paper!! Bathroom plug didn't work, TV didn't work, air conditioner didn't work first night, staff came up at 1:45 am to fix it and covered the bathroom and hallway with buckets of water... Public washrooms, only 5 stalls for 600 rooms, one on the beach and one in the lobby, 90% of the time one of the stalls in each washroom didn't work... Know some spanish because most staff don't know ANY english... Good points: the beach and no beach vendors and the fresh pasta and meat at the supper buffet (warning: tip jar is left out) Very long flight from Vancouver, 8.5 hours and your squished in like sardines. I prefer Huatulco, Mexico, the people are friendly regardless of a tip or not... The Gala Resort was a nice place with good food and wonderful grounds. PS. don't forget your travel alarm because no rooms anywhere have clocks in them....  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	5	3	1	1	3	

<Author>sandrich
<Content>Many misleading reviews We spent 2 great weeks at the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe and I really wonder what caused so many negative reviews. What do people expect at a 3 1/2 star resort outside of Canada or the U.S. ? The best review was written by craigggg, Halifax. He was there just 2 weeks before us and saw and experienced just what we did. I just would like to add a bit more. The pool (at the deep section) was 50 meters long and large black tiles enabled you to swim in a straight line. I am a competitive swimmer and swam for 40 min. at 8:00 a.m. totally alone every day that I wasn't scuba diving or taking a land excusion. I have travelled extensively and have never experienced that. Scuba diving is offered(for $ ) next door at the Barcelo Beach. The company, Scuba Caribe, is first class, offers instruction and has good Divemasters and boats. The diving is beyond the barrier reef so be prepared for top side swells of 10 feet and quite a surge beneath. Many were getting seasick on a calm day, so beware. We booked 3 land (sea) excursions through the Transat reps, Valerie and Patrick. These two are great and so very helpful. Do'nt go out on your own... While there, be generous with tips, learn a few phrases of Spanish (we speak Spanish fairly well) if you want better service. Have a little patience with European rudeness, which is rudeness to us, not to them, and just have a great vacation.Please read the review by craigggg, Halifax, Feb. 19th '07  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>rlojr
<Content>Had fun at Manitee Park       Manatee Park Bus Driver  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luv2travel85
<Content>It was OK... I travelled to DR in June of 2006 with 4 couples total. First of all we were supposed to be booked at the Beach hotel but forsome reason our agent didn't do that and so I was totally expecting something different.The check in was quick for everyone and they kept our rooms all right next door to each other so that was great. The beach is totallyworth it because it is lined with palm trees and i believe it is the last resort on that side of the island. The rooms we small and the beds are hard but I'm not that picky because we didnt spend much time in there anyways. Housekeeping nevercame the same time everyday. sometimes at like 8 am (im young!! i like to sleep in!!) and we would send her away and other times she would come at like 5pm (bad timing since this was when we would come back from the beach and would want to get ready for dinner). I would always leave something for her though and she would give us extra towels and coffee (im not a coffee drinker but if u like strong coffee, stock up on the ones they give u in the room and you can buy the same at the flea market by the Palace side ) We only made it to breakfast twice b/c they stopped serving at like 9 or 930 and we would have to eat the rolls and ham and cheese with Juice that was left by the bar for the late people (although it was not that bad) lunch was always at the pizzeria. it was ok but after a few days its annoying. Dinner was either at our buffet restaurant (which was OK), the Golf buffet rest.(def good selections!!), or the casino buffet ( the best selection!!), or the mexican restaurant (buffet here is good, the meals you order are OK). We never ate at the Beach's buffet. Im not a picky eater but we had a girl who was pregnant and was told by her Dr. not to eat anything fried and she didnt have any troubles finding something good to eat. I only wich they had more Dominican food b/c Ive heard its very tasty. The drinks were good anywhere. We all liked the Fanta b/c it was ok to drink it flat. All the soda there is flat by the way. Don't drink too many Miami Vices they will upset your stomach and do try some other drinks like a Mojito or a Caipirinha, very good. The Disco is horrible. it smells really bad and it was really crowded and everyone is sweating b/c ther is no AC in there. We went there once and then never went back b.c it was awful. Although if your looking for a late night snack, go around the disco and you will find a little place on the side of the bulding that makes really good cheese burgers. Just ask for more than one when you order b/c they are really small. Usually went to the shows at our hotel. They are pretty funny and entertaining. Heard Tropicalissimo is good but i left really b/c i got a fever for some unknown reason ( i was OK once i took some Benedryl). Definitley get a massage on the beach, its worth every penny. If you want to go parasailing or on a banana boat ride book it at teh end of the palace hotel b/c it is a lot cheaper. We paid 15 US a person for a 30 min banana boat ride (at resort they wanted 25 US a person for a 20 min ride) and parasailing was 60 a person. The pool is nice but too hot b/c the palm trees prevent any breeze from coming by the pool area. The beach was def the place to be b/c even though it was really hot and humid there was always a breeze going by. The water is absolutely amazing!! I have never been to the caribbean but its even more beautiful once you see it in person. I would def go back to the DR but will not stay at the Barcelo Bavaro or any other Barcelo REsort. The entertainment staff were great but the restaurant and bar staff at the Caribe didnt go out of their way to make you happy at all. But it was overall a good experience. It was my first time going to the Caribbean and I was trying to get the best deal for all of our friends but we sacrificed service. This year I did much better and booked a trip to Jamaica for a great price but at a 4.5 star resort this time!!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lhedd
<Content>great place to visit We had a great time at this resort. We read some bad reviews before we went there, but we experienced nothing negative. The room was cleaned early each day, the mini fridge was restocked each day with beer, soft drinks, and snacks. Overall, the food was quite good, the grilled salmon and grilled chicken at the steak house were excellent. It's a large compound with lots of variety for places to eat , drink , swim and a great place for strolls when not on the beach. Bring some bug spray - there are mosquitoes at some areas at night. We applied some spray only at night and had not a bite. Overall, a very enjoyable holiday there.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Fabbs
<Content>We would not go back! Our family visited the Barcelo Caribe at the end of February. The beach is stunning and the grounds are nice, but everything is outdated and service is below average to average. If your looking for a great place to stay I would not recommend the Barcelo complexesin Punta cana. I would go back to Punta Cana but would definetely look for a 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>J-J-Vancouver
<Content>Barcelo Caribe, Dominican Republic: A nice place, beautiful beach Hello everyone! We just came back from the Barcelo Caribe (Mar 9/07) we stayed for one week. I had read alot of bad reviews but am happy to say it was much nicer then I expected. The room, grounds and restaurant were all clean. This is the most important thing for me, so don't worry about that. It's not new, I would guess 10-15 years old but fresh paint and very open. The check in was a little crazy, a free for all. The staff has a real problem with english so the best thing to do is speak broken english one word questions.The beach is beautiful and long with palm trees all around and white sand that doesn't get hot. There are a few bars around so booze is quite accessable. The food at the buffets and a la carte restaurants was ok. I've been to many islands and well, the Caribbean is not known for the food. The best Caribbean food I've ever had was in Canada, as goes for Italian and Mexican. As it was spring break for the europeans there were many spanish  italian young people having a good time, we are the type that like a little more piece and quiet but it was fine. The Barcelo hotels are all located next to each other 5 in total Caribe, Beach, Golf, Casino and the premium resort -- The Palace -- which to me was no different from the rest. After speaking with a few people who were staying at the Palace, the Caribe was the best overall (ie don't pay the extra $$ for the palace). You have access to all resorts, so many people use the other hotels facilities. We did one tour the Bavero Runners and it was lots of fun -- highly recommend. We went to a coffee,coca farm, sugarcane farm and horseback riding on the beach. I suggest booking tours through your own tour operator so you end up with people from the same country you are. Enjoy yourself, we did. I gave this hotel 3 stars because we have traveled a lot and have stayed at much higher quality hotels but this is a great place for the money. Bon Voyage! J and J  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>suntan123
<Content>Had a great vacation! We had a great vacation here in April 2006. The staff were friendly. The resort was great. Especially great was the ability to use the other resorts in the compound. We went to a different resort's buffet each day - same food basically, but a change of scenery. The al a cartes: Steakhouse was fantasic - well worth the 30 min wait. We went there several times. The Italian was okay, the mexican one was terrible.The staff were friendly. Our rooms were about par for what you would expect in the DR.The disco was fun, and the entertainment was decent too.We parasailed just off the resort (past the Palace). Bargain hard with them. Even walk away... We were able to go up for $40 total for the two of us. They wanted $120 originally.The market and plaza are neat too. Shopkeeps weren't nearly as high pressure as they are in other places, like Puerto Plata.Great trip, for the price.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>beachbummum
<Content>Great Vacation with Friends       Large clean pool  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Brandy56
<Content>A Real Experience and a Word of caution We stayed at the Barcelo Caribe (Prestige Class) Jan. 22 to Jan 29th. 2007. The resort was fantastic, the employees we found were very friendly and accomodating, noting like the negative reviews we have read about.The beaches are the best with miles of soft white sand. The hotel rooms were as good as can be expected for a third world country, always neat and tidy although having the bar fridge refilled daily was a task.Only one bad expierence that made us concerned and very worried for our safety.We approached the Guest Services desk and spoke with an employee Yulanda and asked if she could reccommend a good Seafood restraunt. This employee immediately made a phone call and told us it would cost us $10.00 US to get there and $10.00 US to return.She wrote on a piece of paper the person who would look after us at Captian Cook's Restraunt.When we arrived at the restraunt a employee named Roberto was waiting for us .I asked him how much a lobster dinner for two would cost, he explained it would be $48.00 US.WE had our Lobster dinner along with a bottle of wine . When we were ready to leave and the bill arrived , we found the bill to be $233.00 US. WE were totally shocked and inquired why the price had gone up so dramactically.Roberto's response was that we would have to pay the bill as it was, we refused and things got heated .Roberto said we could not leave or he and his friends would come after us .WE gave him $150.00 which we thought was more than fair for the meal.AS we got up to leave Roberto ran out and instructed all the taxi drivers not to take us as fares back to our resort.WE were very nervous and asked that someone please call the police for us ,shortly a plocie officer came by and we explained our problem , told him what had happened , this police officer agreeded with us and instructed a taxi to take us as fares but that the fare would be $50.00 US. We paid as we just wanted to get away from Captian Cook's and the trouble that could have ensued.When we arrived back at the hotel I went to the Guest Service's Desk and spoke with Yulanda (the employee that set this all up ) I explained what had happened ,she did not want to hear our story and just got up and walked away.The lesson learned and to be told is that never leave the resort unless on a escorted tour with a group.Again the resort was fantastic, just one employee who is in the wrong job  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tommak
<Content>I enjoyed my stay I read all the negative reviews before going down and expected the worse. I enjoyed the stay with no real compaints. room was cleaned to my satisfaction, always had fresh towels( a couple days they forgot to leave face cloths,not a big deal to me) grounds were well groomed. lots of staff. no real compaints on buffet service. they were always there to fill your glass with water( filtered) soon as you were finished they took your plate away. there was lots to choose from at the buffet but never varied from day to day which was okay for me as I only was there for a week. I heard lots of people rave about the steak house and denounce the Mexican restaurant but I found the reverse to be for me. The steak was tough, lots of grissle (probably gradeA or B if there is such a thing) some one told me they seen the staff precooking the steaks around noon to be ready for the evening, which may explain the toughness and tastelessness.I did suffer Montezuma revenge(I did not drink from the taps). don't know what caused it? lot of the food is kept out in the heat at the eateries for hours eg pasta? who knows. Remember to tip your chamber maid small items or a couple US dollars a day and they will do extra for you. also your bartender each day a buck or two and you will notice the drinks have more booze in them and taste better. you pay $1000.00 plus per person whats a few bucks extra to get better service. My biggest complaint was the straws pushed into the sand at the beach and plastic cups left there by people(not the resorts fault) this spoiled the beach area. Time for people to be more considerate, There was lots of garbage containers around so no excuse not to use them  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wisersdeluxe
<Content>Sorry no problems. Ontario, Canada I know it is hard to believe but my wife and I had a great time. I will try to complain a little.First our room was less than a minute to everything (pool, bar, beach and restaurants). The rooms were small but did have two beds that we used every night to sleep in. The bathroom was clean and had everything we needed. The only problem we had was that our iron did not work, we called and had a new one in minutes.The pool and bar area was cleaned every morning. There were a couple of problems with the pool area that I am not happy about. When they cleaned the area around the pool the tiles were wet and a little slippery, also if the sun was out all day the tiles may get hot. So if the hot tiles will bother you then pray the sun dosen't come out.The food was fine, we ate at the Steak house (get there early), the Italian and most nights at the buffet (don't forget the grill in the back corner).The casino was ok, the shows were ok and the golf course is ok.They were nothing special but there was nothing wrong wth them.My wife and I are mid 40's and have been taveling every Feb. for the last 10 years. Use the reviews as a guide for building and restaurants. Everyones expectations a different. Relax and enjoy yourself.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>craigggg
<Content>Great place! Wonderful vacation We just returned from a week at Barcelo Bavaro Caribe. We read the good and bad reviews before going but took them all lightly as we find that everyone tends to have somewhat of a different experience when vacationing...very often due to their attitude and personality. We had a wonderful stay at the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe. The Caribe is one of five hotels in this Barcelo complex. The Caribe and beach are similar in many ways while the golf and casino obviously has a different but great atmosphere as well. People staying at the Caribe, Beach, Golf or Casino can enjoy the all inclusive eating and drinking at all four hotels..you must pay if you want to eat or drink at the fifth hotel (The Palace) of the complex. If you don't feel like eating or drinking one day you can certainly swim in the palace pool or lounge around the pool/grounds for as long as you want. You can always bring your drinks over from the Caribe if you want too. Anyway, the pool at the Caribe is just great so you might not want to bother. We checked out the other four pools in the complex - all were very clean but the Caribe was by far the nicest and largest as well. In terms of getting a chair on the beach or the pool we found that somedays it was easier to get one than others. Barvaro Beach is absolutely amazing! Just beautiful...very long, very clean, and well the white sand just tops it all off. I've been to some pretty amazing beaches including many from all ends of Australia and have to say that this is as beautiful as some of those. The resort has workers there to rake up the seaweed if any does happen to float in. The great thing about the beach is that you have the option of being around a crowd at the beach or walking down in the direction of the horseback rides to enjoy the lovely beach and scenery in a much more secluded area. The Caribe section is a little less busy than the beach section (they are just seperated by a wharf)..both have lots of loungers. The staff at the Caribe and the Beach hotels appear on the beach a few times a day to get people (only those who want to) up dancing and doing fun stuff on the beach. There are beach volleyball courts too if that is your thing. The kayaks, peddle boat etc are included in your package so take them out..The food at this resort was OK. They did have a lot of choices so you never had to eat the same thing for lunch if you didn't want to. We often ate at La Uva (right on the beach) for lunch..the calamari was excellent most days and the shrimp was great too. They had a decent size menu so I don't think it would be a problem to find lots of other yummies there too. We ate at the italian, the steakhouse twice and the mexican - all were good..no complaints..we did hear a few others at each of these rest. complaining about something or another..we just tried to block them out. The thing is if you order something and do not like it, don't eat it...order something else or go to the buffet and find something you do like. It was not the end of the world for us if we didn't like something...there was always somewhere you could go on the resort to fill your stomach..I don't think anyone should starve here. Oh, and breakfast at the buffet is wonderful..just don't miss it. The italian rest. has a pizza joint attached that is open until midnight. The pizza was a good snack when we wanted a change or something to fill us until dinner time. Sometimes their were lines for the rest. in the evenings. We could have went elsewhere as not every rest. had a line at the same time but since we were not on a time schedule we waited. We saw two evening shows plus the Tropicalissimo. The two shows we saw at the Caribe were good. One was dancing and the other involve the crowd and was quite funny. Tropicalissimo was really good. The dancing and singing was great. They must work very very hard to prepare. We went to the disco a few nights. It was fun..they played a combo of american and spanish music...our ages are 24 and 26...the majority of the people at the disco when we were there were under our ages. We ventured to the casino one night and stuck $10 in the slots. We tripled our money but in the end lost it. No worries. Just for fun. We read from many reviews that the service here was poor but we found the exact opposite. The staff here work hard and longggg hours but not once did we find anyone slow or rude to us. We did notice on several occassions that some (NOT ALL) of the spanish speaking people visiting the resort would order the staff around and treat them like garbage...We tipped daily at the rest. and buffet and to the bar tenders that we visited most often. They appreciated our tips and treated us well. We left gifts for the maid daily and always had a clean, fresh smelling room. The towels were replaced dailiy, the beds were changed and all in all the maids did a great job. The water pressure in our room was great and the water was always hot. The rooms are not the nicest looking but they are not horrible either. The balcony attached which will overlook the grounds or the water makes up for it in my opinion. We brought bug spray and after bite and they came in handy. Bugs tend to be around in the nights so use the spray as a precaution. I only had a few bites so it was not a major concern but I did bring and use Avenno in the shower and that took away the sting from the bites. If you have a trip booked to stay here don't be scared..go and have a great time! Try to learn a few spanish phrases before you go. It might come in handy. Most of the staff understandes basic english and some menus are in english but it is always nice to make a little attempt to use their language. The markets down the beach past the palace seemed to be the best for shopping. Be prepared to bargain with them though as they start off with insane prices . You can end up paying just a quater or a third of what they asked for initially. Go and Enjoy!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lit'CY
<Content>Bavaro Beach Caribe Hotel Caribe Hotel of Bavaro Beach Resort Complex was terrible. Group of 24 family  friends asked for Bavaro Beach Hotel but was sent to Caribe Hotel at same Resort complex because Beach Hotel over-booked. One daughter's room had bed bugs and it took 3 days before they changed bedding completely and only after I agressively complained and stood watch to make sure it was done. Another daughter's room, granddaughter had a night time accident -- maid just switched soiled bedding to second bed in room and flipped the mattress. Needless-to-say, bedding still had a strong urine smell and daughter realized what was done. Complained but had to also stand watch to make sure bedding was changed correctly. Food was not always good or it was the same thing everyday. We visit this Resort several years ago (stayed at the Beach Hotel) and had a fantastic time -- food was much better -- lobster night, different theme nights at the main restaurant, etc., but this time, food was the same every day. I came home with over 100 mosquito bites on my legs and I used Off and Avon bug repellent -- nothing worked except to wear long pants all the time. My son got viral meningitis and spent a week in the hospital a week after our return -- no way to directly link our trip to Punta Cana but you can't convince me otherwise. There were other problems and gliches -- too many to list. The hotel's response was to send my daughters flowers and a bottle of rum as an apology. The flowers had to stay there and they only drink socially!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kitty2006
<Content>Disappointed I travelled here from 19 Jan - 26 Jan, 2007, with my mom and 9 year old daugter. Let me start by saying I have done alot of travelling and I am very easy going. We stayed at the Barcelo Solymar in Cuba last year and I was very happy with everything, that is why we chose this member of the Barcelo Chain. Although there were some good things, I was disappointed and will not go back. I would suggest another property to anyone that asked me.The good: the food was okay, lots of seafood. We ate at the ala carte restaurants and service was good and the food was good also. We ate around 7pm and did not have a problem with any lines. The beach was absolutely beautiful and their pool was very clean and a good size. We had no problem with any of the bartender staff. Angela in the lobby bar was always very nice to us and when she saw us she remembered what we liked and would get our drinks before we asked. The entertainment was okay. There were a few nights where they grab people from the audience and get them to do some very, um, different things. Not something I wanted my 9 year old to see. We loved how you could travel to the other properties on the train, so it didn't feel like you were stuck in the one hotel.The bad: Last year in Cuba my daughter used the kids club a few days. Every day they posted the times and locations of where they were going and what they were doing with the kids. In DR, the kids club girl, who didn't speak any English, gathered the kids one afternoon for the kids club. My daughter decided to go. When she came back 2 hours later, I asked her how it was. Well she said great, they went mini-golfing. But, what the bad part was, no one told me that they were taking my daughter from our hotel, on the train to another hotel. What if she was hurt, she couldn't even tell the girl, since she didn't speak English. They should post or tell the parents where they take the kids. I would suggest to anyone don't go here if you are dependant on the kids club. On another day they did the same thing. This time they had to come back because a 5 year old boy was crying for his mother. Again, at no time were we told that they were taking our kids away from our hotel. The staff in the buffet restaurant did not talk to us once, even though we left them a tip. We sat in the same section everyday. We had to get our own drinks and we were lucky if they walked by and gave us some water. The last morning I filled out the comment card in the buffet, what a mistake. When I was done the girl came over and tried to rip it out of my daughters hand. I had written that the service in the buffet was poor. The girl then gave me another blank comment card and stood there telling me to fill it out. I stood my ground but was she mad. She didn't want to let us go without getting the card back. We left and we were leaving that morning so we were lucky. We could tell she was telling all the staff around us what happened, if looks could kill, we would still be in the DR under a sand dune. The room, was terrible. I have backpacked through Europe so I have stayed in very strange places. The room was never clean and yes there were mosquitoes in there. We watched the cleaning staff, when people checked out, we noticed that they never removed the duvet covers from the beds. So you know what could be living on them. The room also had a terrible smell like mold, I believe this would be because those covers are never getting cleaned. The airconditioner in the room is so loud, if you are a light sleeper you will have to sleep out on the balcony. It was always very cold in our room though, no problem with it working. The rooms are very small, I was happy I didn't bring my 2 year old as well, we would have been jammed in the room. There is no way 2 adults and 2 children could survive. I would have to give the room a 3 star at best. Like I said earlier, we were in Cuba last year at a Barcelo and it was 100 times better, for service and the room. I would really suggest no matter what deal you get on this hotel try another place. It is a 3 star.Another problem we found was that you cannot leave your hotel. They tell you outright that with our white skin, they will be all over us. We heard a horror story from a couple that went out for dinner. They were told $50 US for a lobster dinner and bottle of wine. This was suggested by the Air Transat Reps. Who I might say are more interested in selling packages then keeping you happy. Anyway the couple took a cab to the restaurant, 10 US. When they got there they noticed other people were paying as they came in. No one told them otherwise. When they got thier bill they now charged them $250 US. Well they argued and in the end threw down $150 US and left. Then they couldn't get a cab. When one finally stopped the waiter came outside and then said, the cab is now $50 US for you to get back. The woman was in tears and was worried they weren't gonna make it back. Again, in Varadero, we were never at any time, worried for our safety. We could walk downtown from our hotel if we wanted. And when we were downtown we only encountered very friendly and happy people that would do anything to help.The Air Transat Reps tell you to go into town and see Vivienne for jewellery and rum. They say she is the best deal going. We went and I think Air Trans gets a kick back for sure. There were no deals on jewellery here. We bought all our stuff at the Bavaro Beach Jewellery Store for a little bit less and the staff in there were great. Sorry for the long post, but I think I could go on and on. Again, I was very disappointed and I found I was not the only one. I spoke to several other people that were staying there and they all had the same complaints. If it wasn't for the beautiful beach and pool I would have paid a million dollars to get away from there.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>ssamy
<Content>Great Beach, Service could be better Just returned from the barcelo caribe (prestige class)Here's my summary:the goods;huge beautiful groundsaccess to the 4 other barcelo'snicest pool of the other barcelo'sexcellent weather only rain 1 time in 7 nights for 10 minutesbeautiful beachfood was good not greatthe animation team worked hardthe show'sthe excursions saona and marinarium are a mustthe badsthe front deskthe rooms (below average)the servicethe plates at the buffet were always dirtylots of moskitosOverall it was a great vacation the barcelo's are not comparable to an iberostar or bahia principe, if you want a luxurious stary don't book at this hotel it is not a 5 star, you will have lots of fun but not a luxury vacation  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	1	5	2	1	2	3	

<Author>QSuzzie
<Content>Wonderful stay!!! Mother/Daughter team just returned from our stay at the Barcel贸 Bavaro Caribe Resort and we had a fantastic time (January 17-24, 2007)! This was our second all-inclusive trip and our first trip to Punta Cana. It is simply a paradise on a Caribbean beach - nothing compares!Here is what we can say about our stay in a nutshell:- House Keeping: rooms were very clean (bedding, bathrooms, etc)- Hotel service: we had the shower head break off the wall on us. As soon as we told Guest Services, they were on the phone and the entire fixture was replaced immediately)- Pools: all pools were very clean- Daily entertainment: fun to watch and listen to at the Caribe (aerobics, water games, dancing, volleyball, bocce ball - you name it!) The hosts were FANTASTIC! WOW...- Nightly entertainment: excellent time to wrap up your evening! Great laughs and some excellent meringue. Shows seemed to move throughout the resorts, so stay put to avoid duplicates.- You could save your time/money to miss the Tropicalissimo show at the Casino, as it was Vegas cheesy, not great dancing and your beverages cost you money- Buffets: we did try the buffets at each resort and all were good... preference = Caribe.- Italian restaurant (Caribe): good food/service- Steakhouse Restaurant(Beach): basic steak house... nothing GREAT, just good- Grill Restaurant(Golf): La Uva is a TERRIFIC place for your afternoon lunch (only open until 5:00p) Salads, CALAMARI and pizza are wonderful and you are RIGHT on the beach in the sand under huts- Mexican restaurant (Beach): you can order from the menu or there is a buffet which had EVERYTHING and was amazing!- Drinks: good everywhere - I sure wouldn't call them watered down as some had mentioned- Restaurant/Bar Staff: people were friendly and helpful- Brush up on your basic Spanish! English is NOT dominant there - you can certainly make due, but it is so much easier to have the basics- Resort Access: very easy access to everything on the Caribe resort as well as all resorts ** the train is great (every 15 DOMINICAN minutes)- Beaches: all of the beaches were beautiful (Caribe = larger/deeper, Beach = nice and covered in palm trees).- Tipping: bring your $1 bills - tipping is the way to go! Approximately $1 for buffets, $2 for restaurants, $3-4 for the maid service, $5 each night will get you good drink service!- Shopping: down the beach just past the Barcel贸's, there is a market which had everything - a must see and good prices/bartering!TOURS- Bavaro Runners: a rocky ride and long day but simply a perfect way to see the Dominican Republic countryside and the people (sugar cane field, coffee/chocolate farm, ocean, horseback riding, kids, cave) ** bring your school supplies/treats for the kids- Marinarium: we went in the morning and it was a little rough. Being novice snorkellers, by the time we were comfortable, it was almost time to go. Advanced group did go out and had a great time. It is a RUM boat that then takes you along the coast line - great way to spend an morning/lunch! The hosts were awesome!I hope this review helped you understand the Caribe and the other Barcel贸 resorts!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>babygirljanae
<Content>Great holiday, nice resort       pool  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>dlink
<Content>Service needs work I gave this resort a 3 because the location, beach and facilities were very good but the service was very poor. Maybe we were spoiled by Mexico but we certainly noticed a different attitude for service here. We still had a good time and would go to the Dominican again, but not to this hotel.There are 5 hotels in this complex. The Caribe, Beach, Golf, Casino, and Palace. Out package gave us full access to all except the Palace. A train-like shuttle runs continuously between all the complexes.The beach is huge and beautiful. There is plenty of room and always chairs available. During January and February the trade winds always blow so there is a stiff breeze to help keep you from overheating. Good snorkeling is available right along the beach. The pool is more crowded but still not bad. We had one or two brief tropical showers every day. Not really bad enough to seek shelter, especially if you are already wearing a bathing suit.Rooms are typical of all inclusive resorts and since I don't spend a lot of time there, all I care is that they are clean, and they were.If you want good service here, tipping is essential. Rooms are often not cleaned until after 5:00 PM. It took three days to get a light bulb installed in our bathroom toilet.I know we were in Spanish speaking country and we used our limited Spanish as much as possible, but very few of the staff speak anything but Spanish. This includes waiters, front desk, and guest services people. It seems to me when you are having 300 Canadians showing up every week, that somone should be able to speak English or French as well. This limited participation in the evening shows and poolside activities.The food in the buffet restaurants was very good with a large selection. The seafood was particularily good and well prepared. Reading the item descriptions provided a good chuckle every day. (Soap of Beast translates as Beef Soup, Chichen Sald was chicken salad). If you want water, coffee or juice, get your own because no one will stop at your table.The A La Carte restaurants were not as good. No reservations were required so long lineups (45 minutes) are normal, and the food was usually not worth the wait. Drinks are limited to about 10 tropical drinks (which are often prepared without alchohol unless you specifically ask for it) and a half dozen standards. Anything else they don't have, or if they do it costs extra. DO NOT drink the house red wine. It is grape juice with rum added.Evening shows run from an incredible band with singers and dancers, to the usual men vs women fun nights. Unfortunately because they are all exclusively in Spanish it's really hard to particpate and enjoy fully.I have stayed in everything from 5 star hotels in Amsterdam to a dive in Ukraine where the chalk outline of the last guest was still on the floor. I tend to go with the flow and can adapt to most environments. But when you pay a considerable sum for all inclusive resorts you expect a certain level of service. That service was not provided here. Beyond the language barrier, the staff just seemed confused. It often took 4 people and 15 minutes to bus a table when 30 people were standing in line waiting for a table. This kind of thing detracts from the enjoyment of your stay. We had friends staying at two of the other hotels in this complex and they reported the same conditions.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	1	2	

<Author>CANsnorkelgal
<Content>Average Hotel - Fun with Friends       snorkeling w/ fish  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>little-deuce-coupe32
<Content>Wouldn't Recommend It wE JUST GOT BACK FROM THERE ON jAN.12 .iF YOU DON'T SPEAK SPANISH YOU CAN'T DISCUSS HARDLY ANYTHING AS THEY HARDLY SPEAK A WORD OF ENGLISH. Our tour operator rep was great though. If you want service this isn't the place to go. The workers hardly ever smiled or acknowledged you unless you spoke first (a friendly hola even would be nice) they never gave hardly any service in any of the restauants. The beach bar was the best place to get drinks but you had to get your own most of the time unless you tip heavy i was told. They also don't speak much english so make sure what you are getting. The beach is very nice with its white sand and the reefs to break the waves. Very good for swimming and sunning. Lots of loungers. Rooms were very average and if you want service every day we had to hang out or sign.Hit and miss if you don't.Mexican restaurant only place to get something eat at times. Restaurant opening and buffet times lousey hours.Mexican riviera was twice as good except for beach. Friendliness would go a long way to improve rhis resort and a little english lessons for some of the staff. When you fly into Punta Cana airport also be ready for a step back in time.You have to walk off the plane onto the tarmack in then stand in line to get into the so called terminal. Overall don't go here unless you are used to below average places and only want to sun and drink without much service.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	3	3	2	1	

<Author>kj9
<Content>Fantastic! My boyfriend and I stayed for 4 days. It was therapeutic and totally fantastic. The online pictures don't do it justice. It is much more beautiful, the most beautiful beach I have seen. Staff was extremely friendly, helpful, and multi-lingual. Food was great and most resturaunts had nice atmosphere. Great activities, many included. Overall, great experience!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>bluebomberfan16
<Content>Beautiful Grounds, Aboslutely Huge       DISCO!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>funinthesunMi
<Content>Loved the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe       view from room  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>mahin
<Content>rooms: bad.Beach and eating:good Rooms were old and had lots of problems.Hotel people could not fix the problems.the receptionists were not helpfull.But the beach and the bars and casino were good.The restaurants had good fresh food and good staff.Place was safe and the grounds were green and lovely.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	4	3	2	1	2	

<Author>TravelPrincess06
<Content>Absolutely Do Not Come Here All I have to say is this was the most disgusting vacation site I have ever been to. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone, not even my worst enemy. Check-n does take over an hour, because your room isn't ready. I went with family and we had requested to have rooms side by side prior to arrival, that wasn't even close to happening. The rooms smell musty, the showrs don't always work. On our last day showering to get ready to leave for the airport, the showers completely shut off while someone was bathing with shampoo in her hair. The food is absolutely disgusting, it is very bland and has no taste, nevermind it's the same everynight and looks to sit out allll day. It was very dirty and the staff was not pleasant to help anyone at all. Soo please save your money and don't bother trying this resort. I can truly say our vacation was ruined, and we were all sick when we got home.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>rbalassa
<Content>stay elsewhere , not worth it, even at bargain prices Just returned from medical meeting at Barcelo Bavaro Convention Center in Punta Cana. A group of colleagues and I, were placed at Barcelo Bavaro Caribe Hotel. Upon arrival the reservation receptionist administrative part was a near mess, like a college admission event but not for college students. Got to my room after more than an hour, The room was basic, furniture poorly kept, had a problem with a lock and it took me one and a half hour and three calls to the Public Relations Phone, what a fancy name, to get help, with a frankly unpleasant attendant who could not care less, the third call was a nasty one and I got help in five minutes. The wall shower support was placed upside down, the toilett was leaking, I fixed it myself not to wait another hour. One of the two elevators never worked. Do take or buy mosquito repellent inmediately, upon arrival, otherwise they will eat you up. I checked for fumigation and saw a couple of clerks with small hand pumps once, doing house type fumigation, no industrial fumigation like I have seen in other resorts. Do not forget dengue is a reality in the Dominican RepublicPhone calls are very costly, buy calling cards accross the hotel at Plaza Dominicana Shopping Mall and place calls through them, cost is one fifth of hotel calls or less.Food is fair and no change through the entire week. You cannot use the facilities of Bavaro Palace, the more expensive hotel of this group, or have to pay extra for meals. The only good night show at Tropicalissimo required extra charge for the drinks which were not included. The rest of night shows were dull and poor, we did not bother seeing them after the first night experience.The pool and gardens are nice, drinks were watery and fair, ask them to add rhum if you want it otherwise you do not know what they serve you, the beach is beautiful as all beaches of this area are. Activities were practically nonexistent, played volleyball with a group of nice people without anyone in charge. KidsClub does not exist so forget if you think about kids participating in any activity for them.Personnel seemed tired, overworked, sometimes truly unpleasant, with very few exceptions. We had an argument with the waiters at the Steak House restaurant because we requested some tables to be put together for us and moving two or three tables was too much work for them, so we left. The only exceptions to this distant careless attitude were Roberto, an extremely pleasant receptionist and a youg fellow at the Internet facilities. The rest were just careless or frankly ubnoxious.The Convention Center was OK. The toilets were sometimes not clean at all, and the seats were broken and never fixed during the whole week of the Congress. The lecture rooms were adequate.It is my third and last stay at a Barcel贸 Hotel, having other so much better organized Hotels I see no reason to return to this Hotel Chain where personnel trainig and good feelings, plus real passenger care do not seem to matter.Dr Roberto Balassa MD  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>mimisweetie
<Content>cheap but terrible I satyed at this hotel with 19 other friends and family, howver I shared a room at the caribe hotel 1 of 5 other hotels on the same resort with my 8 year old daughter.The check in was fairly easy as we got there around mid afternoon and that part went smoothly. When we got to the room we were pretty much ok with the exterior of the room although the beds are very very hard and uncomfortable, they dont have mattress pads on any of the beds at this hotel which is pretty disgusting ( you get what you pay for). I suggest that this hotel invest in mattress pads for their guest to sleep on, what a difference it would make.One night (as my daughter says) by ACCIDENT she wet the bed, I called down to the front desk to let them know what happened, then we were off to the beach and pool, we didnt come back to the room until later that evening, we came back got in the shower and were just laying around unil dinner, as I layed on the bed I smelled something a little like urine, so I smelled the sheets and then pulled them back to further look at them and sure enough, THEY HAD NOT CHANGE THE BED LINENS. There was still a big round spot where my daughter wet the bed, I was out raged, they had came into the room and made the bed and everything but NEVER changed the bed linens. I called to the front desk and tried to explain the situation and it took them over 2 hours to come to the room and assist me. Terrible. My girlfriend who also traveled with my group had bed bugs all over her bed and was bitten all over her legs and that was a whole different set of problems but this hotel and their cleanliness is a little troubling to me. I will never stay at this hotel again.The food was awful, the only restaurant that was half way decent was the steak house at the beach hotel. The buffet at the caribe was terrible, they leave the cheese out all morning with no refridgeration, the food is just left out, bugs are flying all around the food, nothing to cover it, they have cold cuts layed out to your choosing but they are spoiled becuase they have been sitting there all morning, no wonder why we all had stomach problems the whole 8 days we stayed there. YES they do have a person who will cook while you stand there and wait, however, the meat is left out and there are flys flying all around the meat and cheesse, how appeitising. I had diahrea the whole eight days, after a couple days I refused to eat anything but bread and potatoes, the soda was so sweet, I just knew i'd have to get to a dentist as sson as I got home. The drinks at the bar were ok, however if you were at the beach you had to walk a pretty good distance to get one, by the time you got back down to the beach your drink was either gone or hot!!!The pool area and the grounds at the caribe were well taken care of and very pretty, I think the caribe and the palace has the best pool but that is the only positive I could find about this place.The people if tipped were very nice. There is a language barrier as they speak very little english to none at all but then again I mean we are in THEIR COUNTRY so you cant really come to someone elses country and expect them to speak your languge so the little bit of espanol I did know got me by.the gift shop at the hotel forget about it, it was ridiculousy expensive, $12 for a pack of 10 tampons??? I forgot my sunscreen so I bought two bottles guess how much $51 YES $51 I think that is a rip off to say the least I mean I know this is a poor country but don't make your guest feel like thye are getting raped, that's just terrible, going to the market place off the beach isnt any better I mean the prices if you haggle with them are better but as sson a syou walk in that place they are all yelling for you to come buy something they dont just let you shop you are swarmed.Over all this was a terrible terrible 8 days and I wouldnt do it again to save my life. When I go away for that length of time ( 7 nights 8 days) and spend any amount of money I wanna eat good and sleep well and feel comforable. I DIDNT!!!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>Aus31794
<Content>Fantastic Getaway We just returned from the Barcelo Bavaro Beach  Caribe and had a wonderful time. The grounds were beautiful and the beach was perfect. We enjoyed great drinks (bring your own cup) and had some decent meals. The dining experience was alot of fun. It was alot of fun to try our the different restaurants and experience new foods. The staff work very long hours and are so nice. We seemed like the only tourists who made an attempt to try to communicate with the staff. They loved to talk with us and even tried to remember what we drank and what are names were. We also tipped the staff in the morning at the bar and later again in the evening at the bar. They are so grateful. The resort had a trampoline in the ocean that was an extra charge. We got the price down from $12.95 US for 90 minutes to $10 US per person for 2 days. It was great fun. We traveled with a mixed group from 22-50 years old. We enjoyed the beach and pool during the day, dinner at night and getting on the train and enjoying coctails at the other resorts.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vix12345
<Content>brilliant hotel We had a fab time in the caribe hotel. i cant understand why people are so negative about the hotel. when you plan to go on a holiday to dominican republic you should know it is a developing country and so the standards arent goin to be as high as america or uk.the rooms were alway clean and fresh. even if the maid cudnt speak english she wud try to communicate with you which was nice. if you wanted more drinks in the mini bar all you had to do was ask. (not hard)the staff were all very helpful and friendly. we had the best holiday ever.the food was brilliant with loads of choice. if you got to the steak house when it opened you would get a table if you went later on then you wud prob have to wait which is normal in every restaurant whereever you go!!!!!the casino was good of an evening too.I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL TO ANYONE!!!!!! and we didnt speak a word of spanish but it did not affect our holidaygive the staff some credit they work long hours for a long time for little money and they all have smiles on their faces!!!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>sb67
<Content>do you speak spanish? this is by far a 4 star hotel. it is very old and rundown, however, it is clean. the food was horrible, and we found ourselves sick for 2 weeks after our return. everything is in spanish, and even the staff and servers in the restaurants do not speak english. the shows are also in spanish. no one was helpful in our needs and we ended up cutting our trip short by 3 days out of 7. i would advise you to try a different resort more on the carribean side, for our ocean was green.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	2	1	3	

<Author>marissap
<Content>My husband and I had a GREAT time!!!       Resort Pic  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>toughcookie
<Content>Think 3 Times Before You Choose This Hotel!!! I recently took a week long vacation with friends and family (party of 4) to Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. We stayed a the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resorts which consists of 5 different hotels. A recommendation given to us by our travel agent was to stay at the Barcelo Bavaro 'Caribe'. Upon entering the hotel's lobby area, I immediately was not impressed. The decor was plain and the tables in the area were dirty. When stepping up to the front desk, there was no friendly greeting but I would have simply accepted a smile and I'll be right with you shortly. The rooms were very basic, the air-conditioner (located in the ceiling), leaked water on the floor which became very slippery when wet due to the type of floor tiles used. The food was survival food. (You had to eat it in order to stay alive!!) I feel that when you visit a foreign country they should try and have a selection that will make people feel a home. e.g. Everyone does not eat pork!! I don't.. So if you have a chef that can make scrambled eggs or an omelette with ham and cheese or bacon bits, then why would you have scrambled eggs at the buffet table with ham and whatever else in it instead of just plain eggs??? I returned from D.R. 3wks ago and I had to humble myself before writing to inform anyone deciding to stay at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resorts to please........................THINK 3 TIMES BEFORE STAYIN HERE!!!!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mango82
<Content>Horrible My friend and I stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort in July. We were so excited to get to the tropical paradise and hop into the ocean. Well, things did not go well at all. I will sum up everything you NEED to know...1. If you don't speak Spanish, take someone with you that does because they do not speak English!2. If you DO speak Spanish, you will still get the same treatment as non-Spanish speaking people, but you can at least understand them.3. Customer service is the WORST I have ever experienced. Not only are they flat out rude to you, but they will intentionally IGNORE you. 4. My Spanish speaking friend got into an arguement with a waitress at the Italian restaurant because she threw the menu at her and told her to move her hands!!!!!!5. The Food is DISGUSTING!!! I may have lost weight on this trip because I couldn't stand eating the nasty (and recycled) food.6. I was not allowed to eat at the outdoor buffet because I didn't have my flip flops on. This was in the morning and we were at the beach...hello?? So, I proceeded to the nearest shop to buy some flip flops since our room was a mile down the beach. The ragged and cheaply made flip flops were $40! 7. That night we went to the steak house and waited for a good hour-two hours in line to only be turned down because they thought my ankle length skirt was a swimsuit cover! I then had to walk a mile back to the hotel room (no lights on the beach or sidewalks) to change into another skirt!8. My friend and I needed aspirin for the pain of being at this horrid place, so we went to one of the shops to get aspirin. It was $30 for a small pack of aspirin (non-brand).9. Don't expect good drinks. The alcohol is some weird Dominican brand and it's nasty!10. The women that worked there wear SHORT, SHORT, SHORT, black skirts. We could see their underwear!I've been to many places in the Caribbean and have never experienced such a horrible place. This was my friend's first time to the Caribbean and I feel guilty for having this place be her first experience. If you want to stay here because it's less expensive...DON'T. Spend a little more and go to another island. Perhaps other resorts are better in the Dominican Republic? I don't know, but I will not go back to find out! I hope this was a helpful review. I just don't want anyone else to go through what we (among other people) went through at this God forsaken place!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>harlemgurrl
<Content>WHAT A BIG MISTAKE!!!!!! I just returned from my vacation from Punta Cana, Dominican Republic and stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Resorts. This resort actually has 5 different hotels. After much prodding by my travel agent I booked a trip for myself a family member and 2 friends to stay at the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe hotel for 7 days ...WHAT A BIG MISTAKE. Upon arrival to the CARIBE, we found that the lobbies decor was a bit outdated and in need of an overhall. When checking in I had asked if I could get room upgrades (suggested by my travel agent) for my party and was flatly told NO! by the staff. I was a taken aback, not by the response, but how it was said and without any explanation. Without questioning or prodding I accepted my key and was taken to my room with whom I shared with my cousin. Upon enterning the room the first thing that hit me was the musty smell, but I was prepared and had incense to combat this. The next thing that I noticed was that the ceiling was caving in and that there was a leak coming from the same area where the air conditioning unit was located. I immediately called the front desk and told them about the problem and expressed to them that I wanted a room change. I was told to hold off and someone would come to see about the problem. I really did not want to stay in this particular room and requested to speak to a manager or someone in charge. I was then put on hold. When I finally spoke to the manager I told him of the problem and that I wanted a room change, I was told that the reason for the leak was due to the condensation in the room from the air conditioning unit not being turned on, and again was told that someone would be there to see about the problem but no mention of my room being changed. I didn't want to seem as if I was being un-cooperative so I agreed for someone to come and see about the problem. Upon further checking of the room I then discovered that there was a flood in the bathroom, I again called the front desk and expressed to them that because of the room conditions I definitely wanted a room change. Can you believe that they refused to change my room, and told me that a techinician would be there to fix the problem. At this point I was so frustrated not only because of not being accomodated as a guest of this hotelbut by their lack of co-operation. I felt that I should not have had to be incovenienced in this manner. What could I do? I was in a foreign country and couldn't afford to make any other arrangements. I decided to try to make the best of a bad situation and went to the bar because this definitely drove me to drink After about 2 hours I returned to my room to place a call to the states to speak to my travel agent, but prior to placing the call I checked to see if the bathroom flood issue had been taken care of. TO MY SUPRISE THE FLOOD WAS STILL THERE! To make a long story short and beleive me I could go on, my travel agent had to call the hotel and FINALLY, FINALLY I was able to get a room change ....TO ONE OF THE OTHER HOTELS! in the resort. My entire party was moved to the Barcelo Bavaro Beach and we got 2 clean rooms without any musty smells, leaks or floods. This hotel was like night and day from their affiliate hotel the CARIBE. The staff was very cordial and accomodating. I must say for these hotels to be all in the same resort, there is a big difference with customer service! I do understand that the staff works long hours and wear many hats, but I really don't feel I was asking for much. Please if you do book a hotel do not make it the CARIBE!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	3	2	1	1	3	

<Author>poem228
<Content>Very disappointed Where do I begin, let's just say that I hate to fly and the connecting flight I took from New York to Atlanta then onto Dominican Republic was probably the best part of my trip. I went to the Barcelo Bavaro Resort and stayed at their Caribe resort. Before leaving the airpot in Punta Cana one of my luggage bags was left behind and stolen at the airport. And it all just went downhill from there. The rooms were very small and were ok but no were near clean at least not by my standards. There were ants and spiders all over everything from the tables to the beds. Housekeeping didn't come in to clean my room until after 4pm which is ridiculous since usually by 5pm were bathing and dressing for dinner. If I needed something clean which I did often since I was traveling with four children and my husband you couldn't get anyone to answer the phone. Housekeeping never answered, Room service never answered and three of us were bed ridden with serious diarrhea and vomiting.... according to other families I met, something was going around many people were very ill that they couldn't even leave their rooms.The worst customer service I have ever experienced. Unless your flashing a five dollar bill your made of glass. No one cares about your concerns or any issues. Anytime I had a question or concern i felt like I was bothering them. From the looks to the tone in their voice. And I am puerto rican so there was no language barrier.And the money! The cost of a bottle of sunscreen $40! That's insane and every where you go the exchange rate varies....In the restaurants the table linens were always filthy. We had big group with us, I had another friends bring her entire family and we often ate together at the same table every day and I would find food that my one year threw on the floor during breakfast still there at dinner time. It was disgusting and then people wonder why there are so many bugs all over the place. All in all if it wasn't for the beautiful beach or the semi clean pools we would of probably packed up and gone home. From getting so very sick and dealing with the attitude and uncleanliness I would have to say next time I want to see Palm trees and beautiful beaches I will go to my native Puerto Rico or the Bahamas!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paulheale
<Content>DONT TOUCH IT WITH A BARGE POLE After a fantastic holiday in the Gran Bahai Principie, we got to the airport and found that we had a 24 hour delay. The entire 258 passengers were immediatly found rooms, all at the same hotel  The Barcelo Caribe. Alarm bells rang straight away as to why a hotel would have so many empty rooms in the middle of July, we were soon to find out. This is the worst hotel we have ever stayed in. The rooms were disgusting, smelly, dirty, noisy and talking to other people it seems that we had one of the better rooms. We decided not eat any of the food that was available to us, of the few people that did eat they were all extremly ill by the early morning. The bar area was dirty, tables left piled high with empty plastic cups and to top it all we were all bitten to pieces by mosquitoes. Please do yourself a favour and stay as far away as possible from this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>skat94
<Content>Had a great time, loved the beach, the rooms need work My husband and I stayed here for a March getaway. After reading the reviews here I was prepared for a hotel with a great beach, not very good food, and rooms that were old and outdated. I got pretty much what I expected. We had a wonderful time - we relaxed on the beach, gambled at the casino, played miniature golf, and went dancing at the discos. The rooms are outdated and dark but ours did have a very nice balcony. The food is okay. We liked the calimari on the beach at La Uva, and the pizza was very good also. Some of the buffets were better than others (I thought the golf and casino buffets were the best). Most of the staff is very nice (our housekeeper was the sweetest woman) but there were one or two rude workers also. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is willing to sacrifice room quality for price. I also think it would be good for families because there is a lot to do within this complex. I would not recommend this hotel if you are very sensitive to cigarette smoke (there are a lot of smokers at this hotel), require a more comfortable room, or are a picky eater.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation For Me...Maybe Not For Others My wife, one-year-old son, and I spent 6 days at the Caribe Hotel in the Barcelo resort. It is absolutely beautiful. Barcelo keeps the gardens well maintained and clean. The room was slightly above average, but I have no reason to complain about it. The two double beds were pushed together to make one huge bed and that was great for us. There's a mini-fridge in the room with complimentary beverages in the room. If you drink a Coke, the next day another Coke will be placed in the fridge. Beer is also in the fridge. Our mini-fridge worked most of the time, but sometimes it didn't. However, free drinks are availble all around the resort so we weren't exactly dying of thirst. Sometimes you have to wait a while for the elevator because there are four floors and the elevator is small. The beach is breathtaking. There are lots of things you can do in the ocean as well like boat rides, jet-skiing, parasailing, etc. The food is wonderful and the buffet restaurants always have different options from day to day and meal to meal. Dominican food is sometimes heavily seasoned, but it tastes great. Some people have complained about having stomach problems because of the food. Personally, I don't think it's the food, but rather the water. Bottled water is available anywhere for free, but I think the juices at the restaurants are probably not made from filtered water; thus, leading to stomach problems. The pools are very nice. There's a baby pool too. The gift shops are over-priced. You can find the same things at 50 to 75% off at the flea market. To get there, go to the Palace Hotel in the resort. Next walk to the beach. Finally, take a left and just short walk away is the flea market. However, everyone will try to get you to buy things in their store. Taxis are a little expensive ($20 USD) from the resort to the airport. When we travel to different countries we always want to learn about the culture. So, we decided to take a taxi to the nearest city, Higuey. We enjoyed our little trip to Higuey because we saw what the houses are like and we saw everyday stores, etc. However, our taxi driver told us that it's not a good idea for a tourist to just wander around Higuey by theirself. A marine park is located near the resort. It's called Manati. We didn't go, but we really wanted to. The only major problem we had was the service at a beach side restaurant called La Uva. The line to be seated was horrible. On two seperate occasions we waited over an hour to be seated. Both times we had to over half an hour to get our glasses filled with water. After that it was another half hour wait for them to take hour order and another half hour for our food to arrive. The food in La Uva is great, but the service is horrendous. Moreover, the plates in the a la carte restaurants are small. So order two or three. But, the plates in the steak house are big...so order one or two. It appeared to me that Dominican's LOVE babies. Our son got first class treatment wherever we went. He was hugged and held and was given a personal tour of the gift shop. In other reviews people have complained and I saw some of those things as well, but not to the degree that others saw them. We speak fluent Spanish, so communicating with the staff was not a problem. However, if you don't speak fluent Spanish, I suggest learning at least the most useful phrases before going. Most of the staff does speak a little English though.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CierraD111
<Content>Not For Us We just returned from our vacation in Punta Cana and stayed at the Caribe Hotel of Barcelo Bavaro Beach...the room was soo soo, we didn't plan on spending to much time there anyway. The staff was horrible and we didn't speak spanish so we couldn't not communicate except to say thank you...and we hardly got the opportunity to say that to them. We would leave tips in our mini fridge everyday...2 days they took the money and we got nothing. When they did leave something it was one coke, one diet coke, one sprite, and one water....there were three of us and if you drank those you were [] out of luck. We called once to have them bring cokes and were told we were only allowed one of each per day. The food sucked we had montezuma's revenge until we got home. STAY AWAY FROM THE BUFFETS!!! Watch them cook your food at the food stations. We had a couple of good meals. The La Ulva was the best, and we paid to Eat at the Chez Palace, which was BY FAR THE BEST. There were no americans that we could find in our part of the resort....it was 3 days before we got to carry on a conversation with any american and we found them on an excursion from another hotel. There were no activities for the kids, nothing for them to do except swim. Oh they had aqua aerobics once a day...woooo friggin hoooo.WHEN YOU ARRIVE IT IS A VERY GOOD IDEA TO FIND YOUR TRAVEL REP AND DEAL WITH THEMWe were over charged on our credit card for some excursions and only found this our after getting to speak with our rep.The Beach and water were absolutely amazing!!!! That is the only thing good I can say about Punta Cana.....Will I go back??? NO, enjoyed my time and the beach but that was about it. I don't like being treated like a second class citizen when I am giving them my hard earned money.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>worst experience of my life....... i have been home 3 days already and still have servere food poisoning reactions.........the food is disjusting ....when we arrived we were told by many how sick people were getting from the food .....well i was sick the day after i arrived and the entire time there the plane flight home was horrible being so sick also.........the drinks are horrible only their beer , their rum ,,no real juices , water was horrible .......no alcohol in drinks unless you ask and when you do ask you get a drop that is watered down ........we stopped tipping due to the complete rudeness ,,,,,service was the worst ,,no english speaking employees...maybe only 5 americans in hotel ...catered only to the spanish ,,,,,,,it is a spanish island so if you dont speak spanish you will have a horrible time ..all spanish music , menus in spanish , musica and shows so you really need to speak spanish to enjoy your vacation ..europeans use to go their was told they stopped due to the complete rudeness , not one person smiles .......they dont appreciate your tip...so many stopped tipping ..they treat americans horrible and expecially the american women,,i was totally ignored ,,,,couldnt ask anything couldnt communicate and there response was o well speak spanish ..if we acted like that here ?????kept getting hung up on when trying to make phone calls back home because they dont understand english ,,,,,waited days for towels, never got an iron , thank god our ac was working but many others wasnt ...the rudness i couldnt believe......women are second class there so you will be ignored and treate badly but not your husband,,,,my husband spoke spanish and he said he couldnt believe what he was seeing different prices for me and him , different services for me and him because he could speak spanish ..there wasnt one single american amd we met a few in the 7 days that couldnt wait to home, would never go back and was sick from the food ...was told the island is working on teaching english to the employees but if you dont speak spanish dont waste you time .a pretty island ..palms trees, aqua color water. white sandy beaches ...can see that many other places horrible food, drinks, service, many were sick from food , dont speak english , everything in spanish ......would not recoomend this palce to my worst enemy ......try another island ...  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>charlie15
<Content>This place is simply awful. This hotel is, by far, the worst I have ever been in the Caribbean. I have stayed in most of the Caribbean islands, either on business or vacations and the Barcelo Bavaro is in a league of its own. The place is simply awful.- Rooms are smelly and filthy.- Food is just bad.-- Service nonexistentWhen I got into my room, the first thing that hit me was the strong mildew smell. So if you have allergies that is not a place to stay. The A/C was leaking. Ants were running all over the place. The towels in the bathroom, although folded, were wet and filthy. I have never send something like that in my 15 years of traveling. I called the front desk and it took them 2 hours to bring clean towels. It was not an isolated incident. I was there for a conference and most of the participants were telling each other  horror stories (ants, cockroaches, leaking A/C鈥檚, cracked windows etc..) about their room, the food and the service in general. In fact, at least a dozen of people in my group got sick the first day after eating there.That is a pity because the beach and the water are really nice there. Needless to say that I cut my stay short and came back after 2 days!Stay away from this place!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Away....Stay Very, Very Far Away May 18 - May 21, 2006There is no doubt that the beach and the palm trees are breath-taking. I NOW know that between May and November it is impossibly hot and humid ALL the time. These months are not the months to visit Dom Rep. The accomodations were dreadful. Hours to check in to a dirty mildew smelling room where everything was swollen with the humidity - cracks in the bathroom countertop, slider doors that didn't work, broken lawn furniture on the balcony, broken, chipped everything. The a/c made the room cool, but did nothing to rid it of the humidity. I also had a visitor - a big black roach. Not only was the staff disinterested in providing any service, but they bordered on rude even with an American dollar in view. The place was mobbed on Saturday - the staff made no effort to pick up the garbage laying around. The food was mediocre at best (altho the Casino buffet was very nice) - and I assume all inclusive may mean no one rushes to get you a drink or to make sure it even has alcohol in it. Too many other beautiful beaches to ever return to this particular resort in the Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rats at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach/Caribe Resort From Saturday, March 25 through Saturday, April 1 we vacationed in Punta Cana, Dominican Republic, and stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach/Caribe Resort. On two separate occassions we were provided rooms which had rats and do not recommend others stay at this hotel. At 11:00 pm on Wednesday, March 29, we saw a rat run from under the beds. We immediately called the front desk who sent housekeeping to our room and their solution was to spray poison in our room to kill the rat. This was unacceptable to us considering we had a 23 month old son sleeping on a Pack-n-Play near to the floor and I was 21 weeks pregnant. Instead, we asked to move to another room. So, at 11:00 pm, we drug our sleeping child and all of our belongings from one room to another.Two nights later, in our new room, we were awakened at 4:00 am to the sound of a rat chewing on a plastic bag on the top of the bed next to us. When we flipped on the light we saw the rat run from under the beds. We immediately grabbed our sleeping child and brought him into bed with us to get him up from near the ground. Because it was 4:00 in the morning, and we were flying out the next day, we decided not to try and change rooms and disrupt what little sleep we were going to get at that point. We were exhausted for our trip home the next day.We reported both incidents to the hotel while we were there, but no action was taken or extra accommodation made. So, we reported the incident to our booking company once we returned to the U.S. and wrote a letter of complaint. The hotel's response was that the maintenance personnel had checked our room but nothing was found. This was not surprising considering rats don't usually wait around for everyone to arrive. The hotel also said that the rooms had been occupied before and after we left and that no rats have been seen since. Essentially, because they haven't had any other problems in these two rooms, our rats didn't exist.Our letter to the hotel requested three nights reimbursement for the portion of our trip which was disrupted because of the rats. The hotel's response was to offer us a special discount, ocean-front room and VIP treatment next time we come there. Considering they didn't improve our accommodations when we were actually at the hotel, I don't see any reason to believe they would provide us a better vacation a second time around and have no desire to stay at the same hotel. I would highly recommend against staying at this resort.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bcba
<Content>LOVED the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Complex I spent May 21st-28th, 2006 at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Caribe Hotel, with my husband and 2 children, ages 14 and 6. This is a beautiful complex of 5 different hotels and you can walk to each or take the tram and go to the various restaurants and bars. We had an excellent time and it's hard to imagine why some people would give this resort and its fabulous staff lousy reviews.ROOM: It was fine! a little musty smelling, but perfectly clean and comfortable. The ceiling above the shower did start leaking. We called the desk, they spoke English, and moved us immediately to another room in the same bldg. A little inconvenient, but not a big deal. The new room was in an even better location. As far as check-in and check-out were concerned, we had no problems at either end and a very short wait time. I think it definitely depends on what day/time you arrive/depart. We arrived at 5 pm on Sunday and checked out at 12 pm the next Sunday.FOOD: Not the best, but I had read lots of reviews from several resorts in Punta Cana and frankly, I didn't expect it to be that great. The best food I found was at La Uva, the seafood lunch grill right on the beach - the calamari, grilled lobster, and fish of the day was good, french fries are good also, and at the Steakhouse - the steak and baked potato was great. They have pizza windows, where you can pick up individual pizzas outside of and during lunch/dinner hours. These are good. You can also order the pizza at all of the restaurants. I thought the Mexican restaurant was quite bad. We only ate there once. We tried the Italian once - I just had a pizza to be safe. My son ordered some type of pasta, which he did not like. The Steakhouse was definitely the best for dinner. The buffets were ok for breakfast. I avoided most of the meats. I tended to stay away from the fresh fruit as well as the cold salads at the buffets. I was just too nervous about the water they were washed with. I ate boiled eggs and cake/bread for breakfast. The bacon was ok. The coffee and cappucinos were delicious! I did not get sick from the food - I was cautious about what I ate. Despite the quality of the food (which is probably a result of it being different from I'm used to as well as the fact that it is prepared in mass quantities), I would go back to this resort in a heartbeat! As for drinks, I loved the Presidente beer. They did put alcohol in all the drinks. Not sure what people are talking about when they say you have to ask for it. I watched as they made them and they put alcohol in every time. I had better luck with drinks when I ordered them off the drink menu. For example, I ordered a margarita (not on the menu) and it tasted like a martini with salt around the glass - nothing like a margarita! Some of the drinks on the menu were great, however. The banana daquiris were quite good, but not always consistent in how they were made from bar to bar.STAFF: Absolutely beautiful people who were warm and friendly as well as service oriented. We tried to speak as much Spanish as we could. The staff loved it when my 6 yr. old daughter attempted to speak Spanish. Many of them seemed to love children. The reviews that mention the rudeness of staff - I have to wonder if it is more a result of the language barrier. When you're in a Spanish-speaking country, you can't expect everyone to speak English! Several of them tried. Their English was certainly better than my Spanish and I appeciated their patience with me. I took a small phrasebook and referred to it a few times, such as when I needed to leave a note asking for 4 toallas (towels) since they only provided 2 the first day. I left 2 dollars, wrote Hola and Gracias and drew a smiley face and always got whatever I asked for - extra pillows, towels, etc. The animation crew were great. Very entertaining. I saw the Tropicallisimo show and one at the Caribe. They were enjoyable, Vegas-type shows. So what if they spoke Spanish and I didn't understand. The music was fun to listen to and the dancers were fun to watch. I'm not sure why people expect Broadway shows in Punta Cana! There were plenty of guards around the complex. They were always in the background and unassuming, but I always felt very safe.BEACH/ WATER ACTIVITIES:Beautiful white sand and blue water- just look at the photos on this site! It is breathtaking. The pools and grounds are absolutely gorgeous as well. You truly feel like you're on Fantasy Island. Yes, there were lots of topless women. You get used to it. My 14 yr. old son was not flipping out about it. It became rather blase. My son went waterskiiing ($25 for 30 min. or $55 with a lesson). We got pulled behind a speedboat on an Island Hopper- it was a large vinyl air-filled tube that you sat on - LOADS of fun and only $8 a person. We went snorkeling in the Coral Reef. Absolutely fabulous trip - a ride on a catamaran out to the reef and 1 hour of snorkeling - only $25 per person. We then bought the DVD of the trip - $40 and worth it. We didn't take any of the more expensive excursions away from the resort. We found we had plenty to do right there and really did not want to spend 3 to 400 dollars for a one day trip. We also used the waterpark - it was a collection of trampolines and small climbing mountains and slides - it looked and sounded a lot more fun than it actually was, however. I LOVED this resort and the people. I would go back next week!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ca_yee
<Content>Ups and Downs I just returned from a 5 night 6 day vacation at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Complex. I say the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Complex because, when I booked with Expedia, my itinerary said the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Hotel. Our flight to Punta Cana was fine. Once you get off the plane, when you walk into the airport, they take a picture of you with a couple of locals. Then they make you pay for a tourist card for 10 bucks that you turn around and give right back to them right after you go through immigration. Still not sure why we needed the card instead of just paying 10 bucks and be done with that. Was able to find the Hotelbeds representative that was taking my party of 9 to the complex. There seemed to be some minor mixup at the amount of people they were expecting in my party, which on their paper said there were only 5 of us. Fortunately, I had the paperwork to prove there were 9 of us. Not a bunch of hassle there which was nice and we were on our way. This was our second trip to DR. The first was to Puerto Plata.Got to the complex and attempted to check in. What a fiasco that was. Not sure what the issue was. They had us fill out registration cards and then took my printed documentation for the rooms I had reserved. About 45 minutes of waiting and waiting, the guy came out and said we didn't have a reservation there with the Beach Hotel as my paperwork stated but with the Caribe. Then proceeded to tell us that we are at their mercy on where they placed us because they have an agreement with Expedia to put the guest in any resort that is able to take us. I started to get upset about this but then realized that was not going to do anyone any good. I didn't want to start my vacation off the wrong way so we waited to be shown where the Caribe Hotel was. Waited over 1/2 hr for someone to show us where to go, then my sister calls over a bellhop and says, Caribe and he said se. Then showed us where to go. Finally getting to the reception desk at the Caribe hotel, it then took another 2 hours for them to figure out my reservations. I guess if we would have came up separately, they may have been able to handle the following one one reservation there were 4 people reserved 2 rooms. Then on another receipt, I had my nephew and his girlfriend which reserved 1 room. Then on the last piece of paper, had my neice, other nephew and a friend for 1 more room. Well, I am not sure why this checking in 9 people at once became some humungous issue for them because they sent out 4 different people who all asked me the same question, of how many rooms we reserved. Each time the same question, each time the same answer, 4 rooms. But they seemed to be very confused with this. Not sure why. We stood and sat there hot, hungry, and very agitated for 2 hours. No one could go get anything to eat or drink this entire time. Finally after 2 hours and I think the manager, they finally figured out that we reserved 4 rooms and not 3 rooms. Go figure. They handed us our room cards and that was about it. No information about restaurants, no towel cards. During this whole ordeal I did not make a stink or yell or fuss. I knew that making a scene would be useless so I went with the flow and tried to be patient. Finally get checked into our rooms. 6336 has a moldy smell to it. 6340 did not have any odd smells but had small buggies crawling all over the credenza. 6341 had some type of bed bugs that bit my nephews girlfriends legs up pretty good. We only know this because they moved to the other double bed and lo and behold she didn't have anymore mysterious bites the rest of the trip. 6346 had a minor smell to it the safe did not work, the front of the panel was gone. But we all brought candles or plug-ins to make the rooms smell better if we didn't like the smell. The air conditioners in all the units worked well. Actually, they were very powerful and I got cold in the middle of the night. The rooms are a bit dated but it served it's purpose. None of us got any face towels. After hunting down my 5th maid, finally found one! Luckily, they left me that one for the rest of the week. Usually had our towels replaced but one day we didn't get hand towels or the towel for the floor. No big deal, just didn't step out of the shower with wet feet or you'll be taking a ride like my other sister did. Used the safe in the room, found that you don't need to swipe your credit card. The only thing that concerned me is that if for some odd reason if someone put their room number in for their passcode in the safe, anyone could get into the safe. Because they would be able to unlock and relock your safe without you knowing it. The only thing that bothered me is that anyone could go to your room press Clear wait then put a new code in to unlock the safe and take your stuff and then re-lock it and then you are screwed. But, I guess you have to have faith in people. Fortunately, nothing happened to our belongings that were placed in the safe. We left tips every day but that didn't garner us any extra towels or even the right towels or having our fridges restocked in a timely manner.As for where you ate, we were a bit confused when we first got there as no one explained to us where we could eat. I finally asked some other Americans if we paid for the pizzas since we saw the 12 dollar price by them. They were nice enough to let us know to ignore the prices and that all was free. We ate at the Buffet in the Caribe since we knew for sure that was included. Didn't know if we could eat at the Beach Buffet or not. The food at the Caribe was decent that night. Lots of seafood stuff for those of you who like seafood there was plenty to be had. Had the pasta bar and found some fries on the buffet line. Later on in the week found they could cook up fresh steak, pork chops, grouper and a few other seafood type things. The breakfast buffet at the Caribe was smaller than the Beach Buffet. At the Beach Buffet, you could have the chef cook up some fresh bacon for you while you wait for your omelet. A few times people in my group got some spoiled pineapple but they knew right away and stopped eating it. Otherwise, there are a lot of things to eat for breakfast. My sisters had hard boiled eggs, oatmeal, fried eggs, plenty of fruit, donuts, banana cake/muffins and lots of other things. Ate at the buffet for lunch and had some wonderful soups and had the usual pasta bar or had fried chicken. Or had them cook up a few pork chops for me. Then for dinner, we found the Golf resort buffet and their chef there seasoned the pork chops wonderfully, wished I had found him earlier in the week and would have eaten there. The Beach Buffet guys were good but all they put on was a little salt as opposed to the Golf buffet chef, the chops were excellent and juicy and perfectly done. They also had calamari, veal, steak, pork chops, oysters, grouper and another type of fish cook to order. They also had the best desserts or we got lucky that night where everything I had like the chocolate brownie cake was awesome as well as the white cake with a boysenberry middle was moist and to die for. We did eat at the Mexican restaurant and as others have said the portions are small but their salad bar has tacos and ready to make and fill quesadillas. The steak place we ate for lunch and that was decent, the steak was a done well even though we asked for medium but it was tasty nonethe less. The Italian place was good too, I think I had breaded chop but after reading someone else's review it could have been veal with a egg on top. Tried to go to the seafood restaurant but the hours were only from noon to 5 p.m.Out of the 9 of us, 4 of us got a bit of the Montezuma's revenge but not the full blown version that keeps you in the room for days. A few of them had salad but not sure if that was the real culprit. So, beware. The drinks were plentiful and always had more than enough rum in them. Their regular fruit drinks were pretty tasty too.My sister got a massage for an hour which cost 45 bucks and she said it was pretty good. The beach was nice and walked to the market area for souvenier buying. They weren't really into bartering as good as some other places we've been but were able to pay a better price then was originally being asked. We went on the trip to Isla Soana. Don't believe that Michael Jackson got married in the church at Chavon because he didn't. I think they use that as a hook to get you to go on the Alto de Chavon trip. It's also a replica and not a real village. Saw the Chavon river where they made Anaconda. Then took the speed boat to the natural pool in the Caribbean Sea and that was awesome to get out in the middle of the Sea and be in an area that simply looks like a pool in the middle of nowhere. Then went on to Soana where the beach was great and the water pretty shallow so no one was in jeopardy of drowning. The water was nice the further you went out. That day was so hot that our catamaran ride back was excruciatingly painful. We were hot and sunburned and there was not a breeze to be had. That was one of the longest times of the whole trip. If they tell you that you will get to shop, you won't be able to do much shopping in different shops. We stop at a place that has a bathroom and sells stuff and that's pretty much your shopping trip. Better off walking down the beach for that. I was a bit disappointed with the trip because of what I read previous to my trip it made it sound awesome. Just another day at the beach just somewhere else in DR instead of at the resort. Anyway, if you have any questions please let me know. I will probably not go back to another big resort. We've been to smaller resorts the past 4 years and we were all pretty happy with the way we were treated at the smaller places. After going to the more personal places this place made us feel like a herd of sheep that no one cared to get to know or want to know. The people are nice but they just didn't give us the warm and fuzzy feelings that we got in Puerto Plata, Runaway Bay, Costa Rica, and Cancun. But that is just my preference.Overall, this vacation was good not great. There were just things here and there that I noticed that was different from all my other experiences. If you like being surrounded by lots of people then this is the place for you. I much prefer the more intimate and smaller resorts.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>smorrow66
<Content>Beach is Greatness! Just came back on June 1, 2006 after 4 night stay. I will give it an overall three and break it down. First, the bad: The food was about a 2 out of 5. It just wasnt very good, but there was plenty of it. The Steakhouse had one of the toughest pieces of meat I have eaten in awhile. The okay/good: The service - I thought the staff was very friendly, but they were reserved. Language is a minor issue, because the overwhelming number of guests were other Spanish speakers, many from Espana itself, but alot from Central and South America. The other large group was the Dutch. The number of Americans and Canadians was small, but all the staff knew enough English that communication wasnt really an issue. Remember people, you arent in America, you are in the Republica Dominicana and it wouldnt hurt anyone to learn three very important Spanish words: Por Favor and Da Nada and Gracias. The very best feature was the beach. White soft sand amid beautiful palm trees and the Bavaro beach is virturally wave free because of the sandbar offshore that breaks the surf well out to sea. The snorkling off the beach at the reef was greatness. My daughter is 10 and too young to dive but I didnt feel that I missed out because the water is not more than 25 to 30 feet deep at the reef and we easily dove down on it without tanks. If you go, dont go for the food, politely ask them to switch to English - Habla Ingles Por Favor? and just enjoy that beautiful beach.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wasn't what we expected, but gorgeous! My firend and I (2 girls) 27 and 26, were psyched to party in Punta Cana since February 06 when we booked this trip. We went from 5/25 - 5/30. We spoke to our travel agent who informed us that there weren't alot of kids at this resort. Granted, she was right, but there were alot of couples and some families. We were expecting more single people, so if your looking for Hedonism, this isn't it. HOWEVER, I agree with the other posts, vacation IS what you make of it, so we had a good time, regardless. There is plenty of food to choose from...the cafe con leche is the best! They have bottled water everywhere, but we still managed to get sick from day 2 on. Watch out, don't forget, like we did, that those yummy pina coladas are made with ice. The liquor selection was crap! If you like your grey goose, jack and so on, you better bring it with you, duty free....we had a layover in P.R....absolute was 10 bucks! OH YEAH! This was the best, when we did get sick and went to the shop for immodium (forgot it in another bag at home..DOH!), 5 bucks... PER PILL! We didn't even bother buying it. Pack it, don't forget it! What else, oh we wnet horseback riding for an hour for twenty bucks! We asked the guys selling packages in the front. They pick u up at the casino, and take u to the ranch. If you've never been before, its a cool, but painful experience. Oh and no lessons, u just get on and go, the guide follows you. I would definitely get the massage on the beach after the horse riding, like we did for 25 bucks, it was heaven! Especially since the beds are hard! lol! The rooms were nice, not 5 star quality or anything, but what u would expect in the caribbean. We had a balcony, the air conditioner was actually too cold at night, and the hot water was always hot. Our room was cleaned evry day ...that we remembered to put the sign on the door. The disco was fun, we had a great time there, and its only a short walk, or if you happen to catch the trolley, in front of the Caribe, even better. Overall it was a fun trip, I just wished that we booked it with more of our friends.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>dominicanita
<Content>loved the beach, rooms were fine,loved the weather! Iloved the beach and weather. It was sunny all the time. We went 05/25 to 06/01/2006. Dont got o the mexican restaurant. they forgot our order and everything and the food was nasty. The steakhouse is good, and so is the buffet. ITalina restaurant was ok, we ate there twice. Grounds were always clean. I went with 4 girls between the age of 18-25 and there were tons fo young people. the disco was always hopping! I had a great time!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort!       view of the beach from our balcony  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SumiVancouver_BC
<Content>So-So I stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe from April 22 -28. This was my second time to Punta Cana and first time to this resort. This resort looked quite beautiful from its appearances. We had to wait 3 hours to be checked in but that was to be expected. Our room on the fourth floor with the view of the gardens and had all the basic amenities. On the first three days, our toilet broke twice and the AC broke once. The fourth day was problem free but not for long. The fifth and sixth day, the lights were working in the room. The good news was that they maintenance staff were in our room fixing the problems within five minutes of our phone call. I was very impressed by their punctuality. There weren鈥檛 any lights in the sleeping area therefore it was pretty dark at the night. The rooms were cleaned very well everyday and the mini fridge was filled everyday. The buffet wasn鈥檛 too impressing or great at all. There wasn鈥檛 that much selection of items to choose from. We loved the Mexican restaurant where we ate dinner three times and Italian restaurant was pretty good as well for both lunch and dinner. The nice thing about the resort was that we didn鈥檛 have to make reservation for the restaurants as they were all first come first serve basis.The nightly shows at the resort were pretty entertaining. We went the Tropicalisimio and were bored to death and left half way through. I noticed that there were other people leaving as well in the middle of the show. The discos were pretty good except that it was spring break time for Spain and the place was filled up with teens. Mind you that we were only in our early 20鈥檚. It was too much of loud kids to handle. We took a two hour horse back riding tour at the resort for $40 each from 4 -6 pm. We enjoyed it a lot except we were extremely sore for couple of days after that. My friend got some skin tear in an area we won鈥檛 discuss. This excursion is not meant for kids and make sure that you are dressed well. A second excursion we did was Altos de Chavon and exploration of the cave. This excursion was breathtaking and quite interesting. Sting had performed at Altos de Chavon the night before and we got to see the big mess of garbage that was left behind after the show. It was quite an experience.  Overall, the staffs at the resort were awesome and very helpful. There were barely any lineups for drinks. The beaches were gorgeous and the water was the perfect temperature. I wouldn鈥檛 personally return to this resort again but will recommend it for the teenagers. And watch out for mosquitoes. We took mosquito repellent and it didn鈥檛 do a darn thing.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Spot       beach  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AWESOME VACATION Just spent March18-25, 2006 here and had a GREAT TIME!! We had read the bad reviews and were a little worried but IGNORE them. We had 24 in our party, 14 adults and 10 teenagers. EVERYONE had a fantastic time. The weather was great, water warm and hospitality even better. Enjoyed the staff and all the activities they had planned all day long. We knew the rooms were a little dated by reading the reviews but we were going for the beach so it didn't bother us. They were very clean and we knew to take a powerstrip for more outlet use. We were only in our rooms to shower and sleep. We were there for thebeautiful weather and beach. The massage on the beach for $25.00 was very nice. The week just flew byas we kept busy going to the market, participating in water aerobics, beach aerobics, water polo, volleyball, stretching, dance lessons, golfing, going to the casino, disco, watching the shows and relaxing on the beach. One of the best vacations we have taken. Can't wait to go back in the near future.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a wonderful time!!!!! I must start off by saying, I don't know where all the negative feedback comes from. I loved everything about the resort. The rooms were exactly what I would expect for a room in the Caribbean, whether in Cancun, Barbados or Punta Cana the rooms are pretty much all the same. The only thing that I may have a little complaint about was the buffets, the food was bland, however, there were stations to have the food cooked on the spot to your liking as well. There was an abundance of food. The all inclusive restaurants were great and no they don't all taste the same. Our room was cleaned as expected, towels provided as expected. The staff was friendly and smiled and was happy to see us, hugging us at times. It is funny how each one of us may have a different experience at the exact same place. I would totally totally recommend this resort to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ang2ely
<Content>Liked the Caribe       view from room  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Mary-Clode
<Content>Wonderful, Enormous Resort! Everyone LOVED It!       The view from the pedal boat! The ocean was so clear!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Foreign, tropical, a nice getaway! I went to Barcelo Bavaro Garden in 2002 with my parents and boyfriend. My room consisted of 2 separate beds, and my parents' queen was composed of 2 smaller beds pushed together..as I have seen other places I'm sure. Every day we were entitled to breakfast, lunch and dinner. You could choose to eat between the beach and garden's restaurants. The food was not memorable to me, buffet had a lot of unfamiliar dishes so I stuck to ones I knew, which were not anything special. One thing that was amazing was the fruit! VERY YUMMY!!! Lots of it, fresh, and juicy, especially the pineapple. At lunch, you can get thin personal pizzas made in front of you, lineups can be long so you come back in a while, but they are yummy. The pool was nice, ocean was beautiful. Everything was clean. Here and there people will take pictures of you and ask you for money for them (bigger than normal size, and clear, but pricey) Kayaks, canoes, etc. to entertain you. Entertainment every night featuring dances or audience oriented games. A little shop on site to buy convenience foods, but very expensive. Staff are always getting people to dance and play games! Very nice staff. You can go on excursions during the day ie. horseback riding (poor skinny horses), the zoo, cuban cigar making tour where you go see the village and local schools (where you can purchase items to give to students yourself) safari tour. If you are concerned about your children seeing nudity, don't bring them here. This place isnt a over the top high class, but its no dump!!Very ordinary, but fun! Go here if you want to have fun, do your own thing, and you're not depending on high class food or events. Don't drink the water! Have fun!! It's what you make of it!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Relaxing My husband and I went to Barcello Beach and Caribe'February 4-11, we found check in to very fast and friendly and our room was very clean, there was a safe in the room you can put your own code into, and the room was renovated and smelled like clean laundry( the laundry facility was behind our block of rooms. in between the caribe' and beach hotelThe food was prety good we missed seafood night both times but the buffet was very big and something for everyone,we didn;t eat at the palace but all the other buffets were good , the italian was kind of bland and the mexican resturaunt was just Wrong lol not good. The very best food was at the Steak House on the beach, the employees in there were very friendly and fun fast and welcoming.We went to the Casino What a joke but so is gambleing anyway,most of the slot machines were broken probably rejects from other casinos and when you did win there wasnt any coins in the hoppers. We went to the show at the Casino Tropicalissimo it was great they had a great band and sang and danced the costumes lol WHAT COSTUMES lots to see hehe. If you are looking to be pampered you wont like this resort but if you are looking for a nice relaxing vacation this place was great the employees worked very long hours and i thought they were friendly, sometimes toward the end of there what looked to be 16 hour days they may not have been over friendly but i thought they tried. The beech was so nice and we went snorkeling the reef is something that i would recomend seeing eather snorkeling or glass bottom boat. There were plenty of excursions you could go on and lots of cool junk at the market. This resort was not packed with young adults it was more families and 30 plus it was nice (not a loud party place). I read in someones review that there was not alot of washrooms but there was they eather didnt look or ask, at the beech resort alone there was one at the pool beside were you get your towls, one by the steak house, and one at the lobby. A trip is what you make it and weather your realistic or not, the employees are people to and if you are not friendly or disrespectful what can you expect back. My husband and I WOULD go back.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>For the Price...don't believe the Bad Reviews       Happy Hour Dancing/Music  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place is so-so My family and I just returned from Punta Cana early this morning. We stayed at the Caribe. I had high expectations. Don't get me wrong, it was very pretty and the food was good, but the people were not very friendly at all. Two years ago we stayed at Sunscape (now Punta Cana Grand) and when we left, we felt as if we were leaving family. We did not feel that at all this time. The service was just average. It seemed as if the workers hardly ever smiled. It was sad. I know they work hard, and long hours, but how they treat the tourists makes a big difference on how you feel about the place. They were not overly friendly at all. And the evening shows were pretty bad. I do realize that they do these shows over and over again, and for them it may get old, but they should realize that for those who are only there for a week or so, they do not want to feel as if we are putting the performers out by having to put on a show. I know it's hard when you have somewhere else to compare it to, but I really wouldn't recommend this resort to anyone. The rooms smelled very musty and it felt dingy. My husband and son ended up with several bug bites during the nights (in the room.) The beach was very nice though. There was a bit more topless sunbathers than I would have liked, but I can deal with that, and it seemed like soooo many people smoked. I felt as if I was constantly breathing in second hand smoke. My children however had a wonderful time. It really was nice, I am just comparing it to Sunscape, and I realize that may not be fair, but I would rather go there again than to Barcelo.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>FMBDetroit
<Content>Beautiful-Great time Place is beautiful, travel agents HORRIBLE. FUNJET TOTALLY SCREWED US!!! When I booked this vacation it was for 4 adults all inclusive at a price per adult. When I recieved my itenerary everything looked good, no problems. When I got here, they put all four adults in ONE TINY ROOM! We were stuck for a whole week all together (One couple mind you..romantic huh). I had to call on my cell to FUNJET and took 20 minutes to get through on international Roam. I can only imagine how much my cell bill will cost. With them basically saying...too bad. Now I am in the process of fighting the charges. No where on my iten did it say we had 1 room. As a matter of fact, if you try and book directly from this hotel, they wont even ALLOW you to put four adults in one room. All funjet had to say was 'one reservation one room'. I said so if I would have booked 6 people on one reservation, you would have put all of us in one room? He was like um no. No mistake on my part my reservation clearly said FOUR ADULTS, so there was no confusion that this was like 2 adults and two kids. I figured that they would accomodate 4 adults appropriately. WRONG!! So they basically made out on us. The hotel was completely booked so they could not accomodate us. They did however, evenually upgrade our room to the beach side, but the room was still the same size, if not smaller.Now onto the Good:Don't believe the bad reviews posted here about this place. I would say consider the source (where they are writing from) before you believe any bad stories about this place. I have traveled a lot of places and the beaches here are the most gorgeous I have ever seen. The sand has a hint of pink in it from the coral. I am a diver and there was a lot of species of coral that I have never seen before, however, the marine life was not in abundance. The food is good, but not the greatest. Always go for the buffets, they are your best bet. Always tip the maid staff and they will stock your fridge with beer. A lot of people do not speak English here. It is their country, they speak their language. Make an effort to try and speak their language. Important words: beer = cervasa, bathroom = bano, ola = hello, please = por favor, thank you = gracious... those are the basics. The grounds here are beautiful, the people are very nice. Rooms are very clean. It had a better than expected staffed work out facility (considering it is a 3rd world country). It is very safe here and we walked all the way up the beach for an hour and a half. Try and eat at a cafe off the beaten path if you can. They have a market here and if you go, definately barter. They will start out ridicously high for items. I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't believe bad reviews We stayed at the Caribe for 2 weeks and we have no complaints. We always check the reviews and must admit that we were very leary about going there. It was better than what we anticipated. My husband has a very weak stomach and was never sick. Those who complain about being sick are probably not very careful about the way they eat. You have to give your system a chance to adjust to the difference in food and drinks. The cleanliness of the entire resort makes up for the renovations that need to be done. The rooms do need upgrades but who goes there to spend time in the room. Your vacation is as good as you make it. Give the workers a break and a nice smile goes a long way. They will treat you the same way you treat them.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Scenery......stay at Beach or Palace not Caribe Can't beat the beach and I have been fortunate enough to have been to many. This is three beach front resorts Caribe, Beach, Palace side by side with side walk connections. There is also two that are not beach front but are connected, Casino Hotel and Golf Hotel. The Beach and Palace should meet most Americans expectations while the Caribe will fall short. The grounds to both are roughly the same but the service and food are definately better at Beach and Palace. You have access to all resorts and amenities equally except the food at the Palace is at a premium. I went with a group of six and experienced no check-in problems that has been written about here but we arrived around 3pm and there was no crowd. Main disapointment was that the hobie cats cost 25-35 dollars an hour, all other all-inclusive resorts I have visted included without charge. If you go looking for pampering this may fall short but if you go looking for a safe relaxing vacation with a beatiful setting you will pobably succeed. I would gladly go back but am not sure my wife would.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jobell
<Content>wouldnt recommend staying there we have just returned from a trip to the dominican republic in punta cana and stayed at the barcelo bavaro caribe hotel which should have been a 4 star hotel but we would classify it more like a 3 star it really needs upgrading very badly not enough toilets only one outside the buffet area so if your out on the beach you have to come in all that way to use it and they dont check often enough often out of toilet paper or the toilets are plugged especially in the mens bathroom they did keep our rooms very clean though and if you try to speak their language they are much more friendly to you our in our room the ceiling was leaking a bit from the bathroom upstairs also our patio door one side we could hardly open without putting a lot of pressure and the other side didnt lock the food we ate mostly at the beaches hotel their buffet was better the pizza were good to there is alot of food to eat all over so you dont starve we went for two weeks and its too long cause there is not much to do there you cant rent motor bikes the bikes they have they want 8 dollars an hour so all we did was alot of walking and played miniature golf and took a few excursions the beach is magnificient though and beautiful sand and you can walk for miles and miles all in all we had a good trip but we wouldn t go back from surrey b.c. canada stayed from jan 26 /06 to feb 9/ 06  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aagh1426
<Content>Great time at the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe Hotel       View from la Uva Restaurant  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a holiday to remember My daughter and I just returned from our holiday to the Dominican Republic. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. We really wanted a nice relaxing place by the water, and that's exactly what we got. The beach is amazing. The sand is like brown sugar. The pools were kept very clean, even though it was very windy and sand kept blowing in it. Our room was clean, and the beds were comfortable. The showers were clean, hot, lots of pressure. The rooms have a safe, and a stocked fridge of pop, beer, and water. Our patio faced a courtyard, very relaxing, we could also see the ocean from it. Resort has a train that takes you around the property to the different hotels. Played Mini-golf several times, night and day. Never played at the golf course, although heard form other guests that it was pretty good. Took in the nightly entertainment, it was quite funny. They get the audience involved. There big show Tropicallissimo was nice too, but we enjoyed the nightly shows better. I found the service to be good, I wish we spoke Spanish though, that would help with the language barrier. You always get better service with a smile, please and thank-you. Tipping is not required, but most people do it when they receive god service. Try to get off the resort and see the Dominican. We loved our excursions, Bavaro Trackers, Bavaro Runners, and a day trip to Isla Saona. The Dominican is breathtaking. You also see the way they really live, the people are very attractive, music is a very big part of their life. Would certainly go back.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible When we first arrived, we noticed that EVERYTHING was in spanish. When we tried to check in no one spoke english... giving us a hard time. Later that night I decided to take a shower not knowing that the water would not be hot. Instead ice cold! Our beds were hard and the fridgerator hardly worked. I then decided to complain to liberty travel. My travel agent only called the hotel complaining to them. A service rep. from the hotel then called me telling me that i can upgrade to another hotel for an additional $94 per night if there's room. So I went to the front desk looking for the Ballo I just spoke to. This cust. service gentlemen gave me a hard time when I asked for the Ballo and was very unpolite. He told me that no one by this name worked here and that I was not allowed to talk to the manager. All this just ended up making me cry. Food was horrible. My bf got very sick and spent 50% of our vacation time in the bathroom. Once again no one spoke english at any of the restaurants. This hotel only has 2 restaurants (both are disgusting). I know the brochure says 14, but its 14 among 5 hotels. You do the math. Lets just say that I would have paid 50 bucks for a MCDonalds burger that fell on the floor. There is a train that runs from one hotel to another. Very short distance. But no one that works there bothers telling you. So I will.Please, I recommend not staying at this hotel- Caribe. Stay either at Barcelo Bavaro Beach, Casino, Palace, or Golf. Anyone but this one!!!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>raisinchicky
<Content>Fabulous! My boyfriend and I returned a week ago from a fortnight at the Barcelo Caribe hotel, and we had the most fantastic time!The grounds and beach were beautiful, the room was clean and comfortable and the service in the bars  restaurants was better than at home. We had no problems with the quality of the food, and there was plenty of variety.Our rep was really helpful with loads of good advice. We went on a couple of excursions and would heartily recommend the Outback Safari. Avoid the Manati Park trips however, as they have a history of animal cruelty.Overall the holiday surpassed all our expectations. We'll definitely be going back next year!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>timman19
<Content>We Loved This Place! This is a very nice all-inclusive resort located around a 20 minute drive from the airport.This is great resort if you looking to spend some time at the beach and by the pool.There are several parts to this resort and this was the first one built. You have access to the pools and beaches at the other resorts as well as the casino and disco. There is a trolley that runs every 15 minutes that makes stops at every other hotel.Our room needed a bit of work but was fine. It was clean and there were no strange smells of any kind. The bathroom size was fine but the toilet is located in a separate room which is very handy if one person is using the shower or the sink.This resort has double and single rooms. There are no king or queen sized beds to be found. We had double that had two double beds which they had pushed together since it was the two of us.The refrigerator is stocked each day with beer and sodas at no charge. There was also coffee provided as well. Each room has a balcony which is a nice size and good to sit out in and enjoy the weather.The only bad part about the rooms was the lack of drawer space. We pretty much had to leave our clothes in our luggage. There is also not a whole lot a room for your luggage in the closet. We barely fit two bags in there. There is also a safe for your use and you can choose the combination yourself.The service at check in was excellent. All of the front desk clerks speak English quite well. A porter will take you to your room which I recommend as it is hard to find the room by yourself. Our porter did not speak much English but was very nice.The food here was very good. At this hotel there is a buffet and an Italian restaurant. The buffet has three meals a day and the Italian place is a sit down that also has a pizza place next door that serves pretty good mini pies from noon until midnight. These two places are included in the package.Nearby, is a steakhouse, Mexican restaurant and another buffet. These are at the Beach hotel which is a short walk away. All but the buffet are sit down. There is a line sometimes for some of the restaurants but the food was very good.The buffets are your only choice for breakfast. They have made to order eggs and omletes as well as a buffet where you can help yourself. The service in all of the restaurants and buffets was excellent. They are very attentive but not all of them speak English but most understand enough to get by.The beach is wonderful and it鈥檚 one of the best in the Caribbean. There are plenty of lounge charis but get their early to get a good spot. The beach is topless which may come as a surprise to may Americans visiting.The pool is also great. It鈥檚 round and features an island in the middle. The deeper parts of the pool are wider for swimming while the shallow parts tend to be narrow which is great for the kids. Both the beach and the pool were very clean and well maintained.The pool fills up early. There is an honor system whereby people place their towels on chairs to hold them. Even early in the morning, seats have been reserved. Your best bet is to grab one early, eat breakfast and then go back.Towels are available for the pool and the beach. They give you a card for each person which is returned to you when you bring the towels back. They didn鈥檛 give us these at check in so ask for them then. I went back but didn鈥檛 have a problem.The all-inclusive package is also good at any bar on the resort. They have an all-inclusive drink menu that is quite large and has a wide selection. Our hotel featured nightly entertainment which was music of some sort of comedy show. They were good and entertaining but didn鈥檛 start until 10:00 p.m.The casino is a bit small but never closes. I didn鈥檛 go in the disco but it appeared to be very popular based on the line to get in one night. There are few places to shop but not too much to choose from. We didn鈥檛 buy anything as far as souvineers go.Do not drink the tap water! Drink bottled water only. If you make coffee in your room, use the bottled water that they provide. You will probably get sick if you drink from the tap.Also bring mosquito repellant. They can be a pain at night. The store in the lobby has it for sale but it was $15 for a small bottle. We decided to pass on that price.There is also plenty of security here. You will be given a wristband that identifies where you are staying that you should never remove. The security was pleasant and their job is to make sure that everyone there is supposed to be there. They were armed with big nightsticks and at night they tend to stay in the dark and keep an eye on things. You are completely safe there as there were plenty of guards.I recommend arranging for a transfer from the airport to the hotel. Taxi drivers have to be negotiated with but transfers are much more reliable. Also, stick to the resort. You can walk up the beach but you will be warned when to go no further. The Dominican Republic is a poor nation and tourists tend to stick out and can be targeted. There is plenty to do here anyway. There are also some trips you can take and those are escorted and can be arranged through representatives in the lobby.Again, the service here was excellent. They really try to make you happy. It helps if you speak Spanish. My wife does and I think we got a bit more attention from them because of that. If you are coming from the United States, bring a bunch of singles and small bills for tips. Tipping is not required but if you have a good server, a few American dollars is nice. They love that due to the rate of exchange and they鈥檒l remember you when you go back.I鈥檝e been to a few islands in the Caribbean and the majority of the tourists there were Americans. Not here. Most are from Europe (France, Germany, Italy and Spain), and a large number of Canadians. Americans were the minority but there were many of them around. It鈥檚 interesting to meet people from other parts of the world and most people that we met were very nice.Overall, we enjoyed ourselves very much and will be returning there again.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Truth.. Everyone I stayed there with and me who stayed there got sick at least once...either puking or dierrhea.The shows were pretty good/funny.The 3 restaurants were pretty good. The pool's nice not very big and the beach is great. (Its hard to get a seat by the pool after like 10 am)The rooms were a bit smelly..beds not the greatest but pretty clean. They supply you with a fridge and a safe.Go on an excursion like Bavaro Runners or Starfish park.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Trip (a wonderful start for a New Year) January 01/06 Nova Scotia/Canadian couple My husband always gives good advice when going all inclusive. Expect little and you won't be disappointed. At first, I thought we were having a terrible start when we were put on the wrong bus and ended up at the wrong resort and no luggage. Our bus guide Joel took us by taxi to find our luggage and then to the Caribe.  After lunch on the beach we returned to our room to find a lovely plate of fruit waiting for us. It was nice having a stocked fridge daily. A room safe was provided at no extra cost . We found the staff excellent but then again we treat others the way we want to be treated. 5 Stars to our rep. Robert(Transat holidays) The food was great...lots of choices (loved the steak)never gained an ounce (big bonus for me) Moderation is the key and lots of walking. Would I return? Absolutely.  Clean/excellent beach/great food P.S. We are not new at travelling so I highly recommend this place. On New Years a quart of rum and a wrapped gift(souvenir of Punta Cana) was waiting in our room.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Liked: Everyone, stop whining We stayed at the Caribe from December 27th 2005 until January 3, 2006. We liked it. The room was nice, with a comfortable bed. We stayed during a very busy time, after Christmas, and through New Years. Here's a few notes: did we wait a little bit for drinks(like 2 or 3 minutes), sometimes. But then again, there were a lot of people. Do people stop going to bars in the states when it takes long for drinks? As for the language problem, there wasn't one. All the bartenders spoke English. The help in the eating areas was fine. Over New years Eve, there was a special dinner which was great. The free Pizza's over by the Vollyball court were very tasty, not greasy. We went to the Casino, and enjoyed the shows. I have a very sensitive stomach when it comes to food. I had no issue with the food. We had an issue with the fridge and one of the lights. They were fixed when we came back to change for dinner. The drinks were not watered down, and if we wanted extra alcohol, they said sure and gave it to us. Everyone should stop complaining and tell all the good things about vacation. I spoke to some peiple who stayed at the Bavaro palace and also the Riu. They said that OUR beach was better, and our food was better. Let's all remember it's vacation. Enjoy it.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SEGMN
<Content>Would not stay here again.       Beautiful Bavaro Beach  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>bosco
<Content>We liked it       Beach  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Chipielolo
<Content>Hated this hotel We just came back from a stay at the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe Hotel. We were there for 8 days, and we didn't have a good stay. The worst part was the attittude of the staff: for a handful (4 to 5 people top) of smiling employees, the majority was really rude and acted like if we were bothering them, or worse, not even present. For example, one of the staff member came and took the ping pong paddles from my husband and son's hands without a word of explanation, 1/2 h before the activities stopped and left without a word or an excuse... we thought that lady was kidding and stayed speechless as she answered to our question very seriously and without a look back: closed. The staff at the front counter is rude (slapping the counter to call the next on line without a word)and unhelpful: my sister had a courtesy room (after refusing to pay the $25 they asked for) for 10mn not one more or we'll charge you whith dirty towels, no hand soap and dirty open beds. They were asked to leave their luggage in front of their old room from noon to 7 PM without supervision.The beach staff refused to lend my brother in law a windsurf at 3:30 (the rental finished at 5, but he told him he wouldn't be back by 4, the time in his book he was to refuse to begin to rent.) The only nice employees we had were the pool towels ones. They actually said HI, and we even saw a smile...The rooms were old and very humid: the mirrors were permanently full of steam, and the floor wet. The air conditionning was freezing and very noisy. If the cleaning lady put it on after doing our room, we were doomed to enter a freezer... my sister found a coakroach in her bathroom, we had one dropped on our table at the restaurant. We had no hot water 3 out of the 8 days.We gave tips every meal we had, and left money on our pellow every morning, it didn't make any difference. We thought we might get a second washcloth, but no, it was the same one for the whole week, washed and put to dry in the shower...Our toilet made a terrible noise, we had to actually cut the water off every night.When you called to have something fixed, they would ask what room, listen to what was broke, say thank you... and that was the end of it...The food was horrible, always the same thing, it smell like airplane food. I got sick twice, and I was very careful of what I ate. The bread tasted like plaster, the coffee like caramel, the fruit were hit or miss (it could be one sweet slice of pineapple after 4 sour). Same with the meat: In the same restaurant 2 days in a row, I had for the same item on the menu, 2 different cut of meat, one OK, and the other one with a very strong flavor ( I ate only one piece and almost spit it out).The only OK restaurant (in which that happened matter of factly) was a grill on the beach, but IF we got a table after 2 hours wait and our name on the booking paper, the waitresses were rude and you didn't have twice in a row the same thing. We asked for grilled shrimp and got 3 on a plate with cold french fries and old lettuce. we asked for a second plate and it was mount of shrimp and no french fries.One good part was a pizza place open for take out, so when we didn't eat anything we could order a pizza ( very small) and eat on the beach... there again, you could get lucky or not: they were using either mozarella or a very gross and strong white cheese... nobody could eat it.I was counting the days before we had to go home and the dinners/lunchs we had left to suffer. Towards the end, I would eat bananas only and try my luck on pizza.There is plenty of resorts on the Dominican Republic island, do not waste your time or take a chance at this hotel. I know I won't!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very enjoyable, be relaxed, be patient This review is coming from an english speaking Canadian who was travelling with his beautiful french speaking girlfriend. We completely and totally enjoyed this hotel and resort. The access to all of the other resorts was perfect. The food was not excellent, but there were places where the food was just amazing, The Steakhouse for example was by far the best restaurant. The service was not fast by any means, but you are on vacation, relax and go with the flow and you will have a blast. A lot of the staff did not speak english, but there were some who did. All of the staff were nice, and if they were not we ignored them, again, you are on a holiday, who cares about their bad moods! The spanish language barrier was a challenge, but when all you want is water or booze from a waitress or bartender it is very easy, and there are a large number of english speaking staff that will be more than happy to help you in any way that they can.We found all of the staff very nice, both english and non english speaking. They were all doing anything and everything that they could to help us to enjoy our stay. Best Vacation to date for us, a great choice for rest and relaxation, great beach/weather/pool. Ask for extra cleanliness in your room and you will get it.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Barcelo Not So Bad We traveled Thanksgiving week. There was 11 of us. The ages ranged from 9 to 62. I was scared of what we were getting into after reading the reviews for the last 5 months. Our check in at the resort was fast, we arrived about 4:00 pm. on Saturday 11/19/05. The rooms were clean, they were average size rooms. We would have ocean view, but the palm trees obstructed our view. We were on the 4th floor. We stayed in building 7, Building 6 is closer to the pool. If you want wash cloths you have to ask. We told our VIP rep. and she saw that we got some. We did leave our maid a dollar tip, along with a small gift every day (ex. hand lotion, bracelet). I also left $1 in the refg. for the person filling the refg. with drinks, we got extra beer and coke. The food was OK, the buffet had mostly Dom. Rep. food. We ate at the Mexican Rest., Italian Rest., and the Steak House. They were all good. Service was better at the Rest. than the Buffet. I did not like the cheese they used in anything. The beaches were the best thing there. They were BEAUTIFUL!!! There was topless sun bathing at the beach and pool. My nieces are 9  11. We warned them there would by topless on the beach. Not many people speak english. We did not have any problems. All of the shows were in Spanish. But I told my family what do you except we were in a spanish speaking country. (Jamaica had us spoiled because most everyone spoke english.) The day you leave make sure that your departure time from the hotel is at least 3 hours before your flight. We left 2 1/4 hours before and by the time we got to our gate we had enough time to go to the restroom. We seemed rushed. All and All our vacation was GOOD.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bavaro Caribe Wonderful Hi All! just got back from a wonderful week (11/11 - 11/18)@ the Bavaro Caribe. We were supposed to be in Cancun the week following Wilma and our Travel Agent booked us into the Bavaro Beach Resort for two weeks later. When we arrived @ the resort, we were moved to the Caribe instead of the Beach, not sure why, but we went. I had paid for an ocean view room in Cancun and was expecting one in PC, but didn't get one. On Sat. AM we met w/our rep from Coco Tours/Vacation Express! HOSE ANTONIO you are the greatest. He got us into an ocean view room (of which there aren't a whole lot of them due to the set up) by 3:00 that day! Thanks Hose! He even called to check on us, we booked our excursions through him and everything went flawless.The grounds are beautiful, the beach wonderful to walk up and down. We had a ball @ the flea market just up the beach a nice walk and gave us a little break from the intense sun in the afternoon.The food took a little getting used to, but you have to expect that even if they try to cook American Food, the seasonings, etc are different. I always wondered about some of the meat, and just didn't eat a lot of it, even the chicken, which I mainly eat here. We had a nice meal @ the Italian Rest and the Steakhouse. The Casino Buffet was good also. I did get really sick on Thursday, we were to leave on Friday. Not sure if it was a bug, the food or what, and it has taken me several days to recover, but didn't ruin the trip or my thoughts about the trip or the resort. We hardly ever went to the pool, was very windy and water was cold. The ocean was had a lot of debris always floating up, but the grounds crew really took care of keeping the beach clean and the grounds emaculate. The wind was immense at times, but felt good against the sun.We were treated wonderfully, the language barrier was no problem, if we couldn't relay what we wanted, someone was always there that could speak Spanish and English and was more than willing to translate for us.A smile and an HALO for hello goes a long long way.We found that the people there really wanted to please us. Hello FRANCISCO! and everyone else. A satisfied customer.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ended up at the Barcelo Bavaro on Accident, but Enjoyed It! I went on this vacation as a last minute special with 3 other twentysomething females and we had a great time. Everything is what you make of it so I believe all of the negative reviews must have had way too high expectations and need completely catered to in order to have a good time. We were supposed to be at the IFS Villas Bavaro, but due to their air conditioning being out, we were transferred to the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe instead. We had no problems at check in. We spoke some very poor Spanish, but the front desk was very helpful, even in English. We were given two rooms next to each other. When one of the rooms had a leaky faucet, they were transferred to a beach front room. The rooms are average but the AC worked fine. The cleaning ladies could be a little slow some days and forgot to leave us towels two different days, but we called the front desk and towels were delivered in 10 minutes.The weather was fabulous everyday. There may have been 10 minutes of rain, but it was then gorgeous. The activity staff always tried to keep you busy at the pool and beach (beware of many Europeans wearing speedos or being topless around the water) with water aerobics, frisbee rum (win and keep the bottle), dance lessons, etc. You did have to get to the pool pretty early on some days to get chairs, but if they were taken, we just drug up chairs from the beach with no problem. The staff also ran the evening entertainment - some shows were okay, the Talent Show was horrible.We were always waited on quickly at the pool bar (maybe there are some advantages to being younger blonde females). We did have to sometimes wait longer when there were female bartenders, but I've received worse service from female bartenders in the US.The food was fine. For those complaining that the Barcelo food made you ill, you must not have been to the Dominican before. It's not just this hotel, it's most of them (we've been twice and met others who had been 4 times to 4 different hotels and were ill each time). The food is different and your body will react to it. Take 2 Pepto Bismo tablets before each meal and it's not that bad. You may have some bowel issues after eating, but it's not something that's going to keep you in your bathroom for the night. We were at the discoteque and casino having a fabulous time each night. The Mexican restaurant and steakhouse were excellent and we never waited more than 10 minutes. The buffets are okay, but the pasta bar was always very good (and doesn't make you sick).This hotel was good for relaxing and enjoying the sunshine. It had a nice atmosphere and with the right attitude, you can have a very good time. I'll admit that I've been to some extremely nice 5* or better resorts in the past year in Hawaii and the US Virgin Islands and it does not compare to that. We knew that going in. Make sure your expectations are realistic, relax, and have a good time!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kcioch
<Content>Horrible hotel...stay away! I stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach  Caribe in June of 2005, and let me assure you, I am not in the least a picky, demanding traveler. I have a great attitude and am willing to work around any situation. The Barcelo Bavaro Beach  Caribe, however, was a totally different situation. I spent my first day there sobbing hysterically. I could not believe the terrible service, nor the not-so-great amenities.The food was pretty terrible, especially at the buffet, but we could have toughed that out. The service, however, was like none I had ever experienced, anywhere. First of all, everyone at the resort, staff as well as guests, were Spanish-speaking. This is not what bothered us; everyone at the resort was very pretentious and even rude to us because we were American. This is not an exaggeration 鈥?I have never felt as uncomfortable on a vacation as I did here. We were ignored at check-in because we could not communicate fluently in Spanish. We waited at the desk for over a half hour before someone took care of us, as the Spanish-speaking guests were served as soon as they walked up to the desk. It was impossible to order a drink at any of the bars because we could not order in Spanish. All the Spanish-Speaking customers we being served before us, even though we had waited longer. The worst was when we went to the pizza snack bar  waited in line for approximately 40 minutes to order because there was no organization whatsoever. When it was our turn, the server rudely rejected my order when I asked for a mushroom pizza in English. He told me to order from the menu, which was all in Spanish. A young Latino boy saw that I was near tears and told me how to say 鈥渕ushrooms鈥?in Spanish. Only then was our order taken...It was the most horrible experience ever. We complained to our Apple Vacations Representative (where we had booked our vacation) that same day, and, with little hesitation, he offered to transfer us to the Sunscape Grand (AMAZING resort - go there!!). Anyway, long story short, I reccomend that anyone traveling to Punta Cana stay far, FAR away from the Barcelo Complex, unless you like to be treated rudely. Trust me, it will save your vacation!!!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Grounds, Bad food,  My family and I just returned from Barcelo Bavaro Beach  Caribe Resorts, we were a party of 50 because of a Destination wedding over the weekend. The grounds are beautiful, the beach was very clean and beautiful, the room cleaning service was on point. The food was Horrible! no taste, 4 people got sick from it, and 1 of the 4 had to get shots from the doctor on the premises. As far as Apple Vacations, which was our shuttle service provider, they were very disorganized, make sure you get matters straight as soon as you get there. I am from the Dominican republic myself and definitely think that the resort should be a 3 star not 4 star, as they claim to be......Do NOT Stay in these resort if you go on Vacation to eat good caribbean food, as a matter of fact, dont go if you like to eat at all...they have a long way to go...compared to hotels in other areas of DR  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic My husband and I stayed at the Caribe from June 15-21. We had an excellent time! The beach and resort are both beautiful! The rooms were nicer than I expected, clean, but did seem to have an overall dampness to them, but what do you expect when it is like 100 degrees outside with 100% humidity! The staff seemed ok, my husband speaks fluent spanish so that helped, but when some people write that the staff was rude, I find that hard to believe. I don't speak hardly any spanish at all and got along just fine. If they couldn't understand me they would just kind of smile. What's wrong with a smile?! Don't get me wrong, this is not a resort where they wait on you hand and foot, but it was great all the same. The food did get monotonous after a while at the buffet, but we visited some of the restaurants, and they were great! The only real dissapointment was that it was soooo hot, it was very hard to enjoy dinner when sweat is running down your face! Also, I would have liked to have had somewhere on the beach to get drinks, we had to keep going back to the pool bar every 20 minutes. But we needed the exercise! Definately take your own medicine and sunscreen, and use it! My husband is dark to begin with, but the sun down there is so strong that even he got burned! The place is not perfect, but considereing you are in an underdeveloped country where most of the population are poor, you are treated like a king compared to them. Be nice and smile and they will be nice back! For the people who complained, you should be ashamed of yourself! Problems happen in the nicest hotels, unfortunately DR is less equipped to deal with them! Go there, have a good time and enjoy yourselves, we did!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>totally disappointing I'm going to try and be as clear and concise as possible. We stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe. But we visited all of the hotels in the Barcelo chain and we had relatives that stayed in the Barcelo Bavaro Palace which is suppose to be the top of the line. It was terrible. We have never been on a vacation where we were treated so rudely and where the people were so unhospitable. We've been to a few all inclusives in the carribbean and this is not the first time we visit the Dominican Republic. But if I were the Barcelo owners I would be ashamed of the service and condition of their Caribe hotel. It was not much better for our family member who stayed at the so called Palace. I felt that there must have been a problem with the staff at these resorts and the management. Because the staff was down right hostile toward the guests in general. And they know that they have to live off of tips. So the question is why would they treat guests in such a poor manner. Well, maybe the resorts are incredibly understaffed, and maybe the staff is incredibly overworked. And to top it off the rooms were horrible. We paid $4,000.00 to stay in rooms that were worth about $40.00 a night. they were falling apart and they were not very clean. Everything was old and the airconditioning was so messed up that we practically slept in wet sheets everynight. The hotel management did not care about our complaints or those of many other guests that were there that week. I could go on and on. But to end this I'll tell you that the last draw was leaving there with horrible diarrhea. This resort obviously does not have an appropriate water filtration system even though they say they do and that the water we drink is bottled. The food was mediocre at best and the people who work there were angry and bitter towards the guests. I will write this review everywhere that I can.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THE WORST EVER OUR FAMILY WILL NEVER STAY AT ANOTHER BARCELO RESORT AGAIN. There are so many other beautiful places to visit. Save your money. The accommodations were far from a 5 star rating. We lost electricity 3 times. The night before we left we had no air condition in our hotel room. The food was absolutely disgusting. Flies evrywhere. The only 2 good things about this place was the beautiful beach and the people were friendly. Other than that.......NOT WORTH IT!!!!!Three out of the six of us in the grouyp got severe diarrhea. Upon arrival back in the US my husband was treated for not only the intestinal disorder, but for a serious bacterial infection and to top it off DOG HOOK WORM which he apparently picked up by walking barefoot in the sand. We have sent a letter to MK Tours trying to get our money back and they have been ignoring us. They have not given us the courtesy to respond.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>mikesgirl7
<Content>We won't be back Don't use the water even in the coffee pot, don't use their ice, don't eat anything uncooked, no lettuce or fruit you don't peel yourself. We returned on the 30th of June and I'm still suffering from dysentery that reared it's ugly head on the 28th. It is July 3rd.The breakfast at the buffet was good, lunch and dinner questionable. A lot of local food probably due to 95% spanish clientele. Yes, if you don't speak spanish you probably shouldn't go here. They say they are multilingual in their description....don't you believe it! Only our housekeeper could speak English and she said her family spoke it for 3 generations. She should have been on the front desk!Beach beautiful, pool nice, that's the only thing that saved it from the Terrible Rating. A lot of rude people go to this hotel. Americans are looked at as 3rd class citizens and treated as such.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>angtello
<Content>Don't waste your money, go to Mexico!!!! From start to finish my 8 day vacation at this hotel was not good. A large bus drops off about 50-70 people at the lobby. There were 2 reception people that did not speak English. Most of the staff selectivly speaks English. My bathroom above the toilet looked into the next hotel room. I could hear EVERYTHING that happened in the bathroom. If you do not speak Spanish you will get served like a 3rd class citizen. Several times I would be first in line and the bar keeper (females) would serve every man behind me before serving me. So it might have been my skintone or the fact that I was a woman (GASP!). Don't get me wrong. I had a wonderful time because of my family being there (we can have fun anywhere) and the beach is wonderful, but the hotel service was far below what I would ever expect from apple vacations. We also paid for the catamarand day trip. There was about 10 of us on that 12 HOUR trip from hell. They took us out in the middle of the ocean, fed us rum all day. A very bad storm hit in the middle of the day. There was hail and the boat was rocking horribly. We were in the middle of the ocean in our swim suits, no life vests on board. They had to send a speed boat to rescue us and we had to jump in between waves. All on board thought they would die. It was horrible. After the speed boad dropped us off at the shore the bus took us to another marketplace where we could purchase souveniers. We all had tramatic stress symdrome and were too numb to realize what had just happened. No sorry , nothing. Service and food was the pits.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It!!! I recently just returned from Barcelo Bavaro Caribe Hotel and had an awesome time!!!! The resort is breath taking! the beach is pure white sand and beautiful blue waters. My Boyfriend and I would spend the whole day relaxing by the beach.The weather was great also. Before my trip i read online that the weather was going to be terrible that is was going to rain everyday, but the weather was beautiful and hot everyday. If you want to get a tan this is def the place to go. The Food was pretty good but at the buffets its just the same thing everyday so you get sick of it. Meats, Potatoes, Pastas, Fish, Salads, and breads. My Favorite at the Buffets was the pasta salad. The Mexican was our favorite but let me tell you the service is terrible. First of all we waited online for 1 hour and then were ignored by all the workers and waited about 20 mintutes for a glass of water. The steakhouse was very good the sirlion was the best and my boyfriend liked the bbq pork ribs so try it out!The Italian was ok and the pizza def didnt taste the same, also terrible service. Drinks were pretty good but always hard to get. The bar by the pool was always crowded and once again the service was terrible it would take forever to get one drink. Def try the bahama mama drink very tasty!!:) Also i would def recommend going on the Saona Island Excursion it was the best. Its an all day excursion visiting a natural pool in the middle of the ocean and visiting a beautiful beach. On the way there you take a very fast speed boat and on the way back a catameran. They have music and drinks so its a lot of fun. Be careful with the Domincan Rum my boyfriend got very sick from it. We had such a great time and def def would go back. Some more helpful tips bring sunblock, medicines, and even snacks from home because everything is soooo expensive. Sunblock was 36 dollars a lighter was 10 dollars and chips were 10 dollars. Absolutely crazy!. Please email me with any questions!!!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Place to stay My family and I are from Miami, FL plus another couple went to Barcelo Bavaro Caribe, and stayed there in 2004 in the month of July for a 7 day all inclusive vacation package. We were a bit skeptical about the reviews we had read, but, nevertheless, we went with a good attitude. From the time we arrived these are the problems we experienced.1. There was a couple that were honeymooners, and wanted to change rooms since their sheets were bloody!! Management said they had to wait until the following morning.2. The rooms are a bit lower class looking, and the dresser had no drawers just two bifold doors with shelves. The only hotel in that chain that the dressers have drawers is the Barcelo Bavaro Palace.3. The pool had broken tiles all around the borders, and inside the pool. My 7 year old daughter cut her foot because of this.4. Every day we had problems with the towels. We would not get enough, and one day by the end of the day the room had not been serviced, and we had no towels, and had to wait about 45 minutes for them.5. Around the third day things got really bad. Our bathroom toilet overflooded in the middle of the night, Water was coming down the balcony. the following day we spent almost the entire morning complaining with management about this issue, and getting it resolved. They gave us another room at the Bavaro Beach, and that toilet had problems as well.6. One day at the lobby while we were resolving some other issues, and my daughter approached one of the hotel employees about some paintings they were selling, just being curious, and she mentioned she was thirsty, and the employee sent my daughter without our permission all the way to the bar area..to get something to drink. All of a sudden I could not find my daughter, and 15 minutes passed until the employee approached, and told me she had sent my daughter to the bar area for a drink of water since she was thirsty.7. The couple we were with got really sick with vomiting and diarreah. As a result of this we had to cancel a tour to an island which we did 24 hours in advance. M.K. tours Representatives procrastinated until the end of our vacation to give us our money back. It was at the airport that my friend and I approached a general manager of M.K. tours. Told him the story, about the tour, and how his employees were planning to rip us off our money. This resulted in a major complaint with the tour agency M.K. Tours located in Coral Gables, Fl when we arrived in town. After a drawn out letter to the agency, and them giving us the run around, we received from the owner of the agency a 1 week hotel voucher to THE SAME PLACE. Needless, to say we are definately not going back to that same resort. This year we are going to Ocean Blue which is a newer resort so I will give you my input when I get back since I am leaving on 6/25. If I had anything positive to say about Punta Cana is the beach is really nice, and the food is good. That's about it.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ajvald
<Content>Nice and Relaxing Vacation We just returned from our trip to Bavaro Beach Resort in Punta Cana. We stayed at the Bavaro Caribe Hotel, but had wristbands for all-hotel access (our tour guide arranged it for an additional fee). I had some initial hesitations about going to Punta Cana (this was my first time) after reading a lot of the negative reviews. However, I must say that we (my husband and in-laws) had an absolutely wonderful time! We arrived at the resort on Friday and immediately began enjoying the activities and facilities. Here was our overall experience:1. Transportation- Definately a lot easier when it is pre-arranged! Taxis are also readily available, but were a lot more expensive.2. Hotel Room- Not as modern as some of the better 5-star hotels, but they kept them very neat and clean. We also had a beautiful view of the beach.They kept the mini bar stocked with H2O, beer and soda.3. Hotel Grounds- Landscaping was beautiful and clean. The cleaning staff was hard at work early in the morning every day. 4. Food- The restaurants were mostly good. Service was pretty good, but it is a lot easier if you speak Spanish (which we did). We encountered an occasional non-friendly staff member, but you find one of those anywhere you go. Buffets were usually the best for breakfast; lunch and dinner tasted the same to me! The best restuarants in my opinion were Las Brisas and El Rincon Dominicano (both on Bavaro Palace grounds). We had excellent Lobster in Las Brisas and fantastic Dominican food in El Rincon. Drinks were always good (try the coco loco)! Be prepared to gain some weight if you don't plan on being active.5. Entertainment- Day entertainment was good (mostly activities with the hotel guests) poolside and night entertainment involved a lot of singing and dancing. We didn't really enjoy Tropicalissimo, but we liked the Caribe Hotel entertainment a lot! 6. Tipping/Money/Souvenirs- Bring lots of singles for tipping! Change was hard to get and tipping improved level of service dramatically. Bring your own suntan oil, medicine and other necessities. The suntan oil at the hotel cost $30 US dollars! Souvenir shopping was mediocore at best and involves a lot of haggling at the market on the beach. We avoided it.Overall, we had a great time. Keep in mind that if you don't speak Spanish, it is somewhat more difficult to participate in many of the activities. The staff do not all speak Spanish, but they always try their best to accomodate non-Spanish speakers. A lot of the activities were primarly spoken in spanish, but if that's something you don't mind, then you will enjoy it. After all, you are vacationing in the Dominican Republic!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic My husband and I stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro-Caribe for our honeymoon from May 24th to May 30th. Had I known I would love it that much I would have stayed longer. It was amazing. The weather was perfect and the hospitality we received was fantastic. We were even given a beautiful flower arrangement and complimentary bottle of champagne because we were newlyweds. My only complaint was that we didn't have one king size bed, rather it was two queen beds pushed together. I also think the hotels should carry calling cards as well. It seemed that the only place on the resort that carried calling cards was the music shop in La Plaza Dominicana, and that store was closed at times. My suggestion would be to buy your calling card prior to arriving on the island. To follow up on some posts about the food, please keep in mind the fact that they are catering to different ethinicities and can't use too many spices therefore it may be bland to some but perfectly delicious to others. Every one has different tastes so that has to be taken into consideration. The food was decent and edible enough and there were some things that were out right delicious. You need to be the judge of it without being influenced by others. The staff was welcoming and accomodating. The only other drawback I found was that there was no real souvenir shopping. The resorts have a lock on the gift shops and the prices were a bit outrageous. One shop had the nerve to quote me $11 US dollars for a refridgerator magnet. I nearly collapsed from laughing so hard. They don't fill up to much so you will have the shop owners cornering you into coming into their shops to buy. Just be prepared to hear some outrageous prices and be prepared to try to haggle as best you can. My husband did and it worked well in one shop, not so well in another. But the shops are owned independently, not by the hotels so they are not to blame in this regard as well. All in all I have nothing but praise for the hotel resort. The fact that you can go and eat and drink in any of the other hotels was also a huge PLUS (except for the Palace. That was the only hotel not all-inclusive to the guests of the other 4 hotels.) If you are staying at the Palace then you can eat and drink at all 5 hotels. I can't wait to go back! FYI: Bring mosquito repellent. My husband and I were ravished by the mosquitos (the island having come off of a 10 day rain period prior to our arrival). The mosquitos come out at night, but that obviously, is not the fault of the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jeansnow
<Content>Two Weeks is Too Long We stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe' Resort from April 25th to May 9th 2005.I can't say enough about the beautiful grounds, they are kept very manicured, by so many hard working people.The beach is fantastic too, with white powdery sand and crystal clear turquoise water.Overall it wasn't a bad resort, although we had some minor problems.Two weeks is really too long though.I didn't find the people there overly friendly, even though we tipped generously, and gave lots of gifts too. At the Mexican restaurant we were left sitting for a half hour after we had been given menus, after that length of time we just left. I don't know if they were ignoring us, or they had forgotten us. We had been there the night before and had great service, and the workers had been very friendly. At our own buffett we found the people to be quite friendly, of course there again, we tipped them at every meal and gave every one of them gifts too.The food wasn't what we were used to, it is their local food, and I have to say our standards for cleanliness are much higher. However the selection was very good, and we certainaly never went hungry. The reception people were very matter of fact too, with hardly a smile.Thank God for Nancy!!, our tour director (Signature)She had answers to all of our questions (and we had a lot of questions)I broke a tooth off my partial plate while I was there and she even got me some crazy glue to hold it in place until I got home to a dentist.We went to the entertainment at all of the resorts as well as the Tropicalissimo Show, which was fantastic!The casino was fun. The train rides were great too.I don't think that any of the bartenders gave me spirits in my drinks (even once), that I didn't have to ask for it :-( and I only had 5 drinks the whole time I was there, and my husband doesn't drink at all.We took gifts for the Outback Safari to distribute to the villagers  schools that they support, I think they do a wonderful service!We thought the trip itself would be a little too rigorous for us at our age.So, to sum it all up.........I would go to the same resort again, but just for the beautiful grounds ,the beach,  the walking in the park behind the convention center which we did every day, to enjoy the birds and flowers there.Please people, we pay a lot for our vacations there and we know that you work very hard for a very little bit of money, that is why we tip so generously and come bearing gifts for you. A smile is the only thanks we require. We love the Dominican and plan to return at Christmastime.  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>i love this hotel soooo much...it was amazing this spring break me and others went to this hotel and we had an amazing time...when i was there i got certified for scuba diving and might i say my instructon was great!! and not to bad looking either!...the food is all inclucive (although it wasnt amazing) but there is sooo much more that you will be thinking about that you wont need to worry about the food. the beaches are amazing as well and i went swimming withe the dolphins. although the staff may not speak english well they do the best that they can to fulfill your every need. they even have sports on the beach for you or yoga if thats your pleasure. you can truly not loose if u go to barcelo bavaro beach resorts!  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dominikanita87
<Content>Loved it....wonderful place!!!       View form neighbors rooms...not as good as ours, but cool though..!!!!  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>alpha4385
<Content>OK RESORT April 9,2005 - April 16,2005As you can see this a a neutral review. We stayed at the Caribe part of the resort. We were able to use 4 of the 5 resorts of the complex. We stayed at the Caribe for one week. This was our experience.Rooms: We had requested an ocean view room. None were available when we checked in but, we were moved to one the next day. This was a great move until we realized that the pigeons like these rooms also. They really like these rooms. The balcony was cleaned everyday but it did not matter the pigeon poo was thick. The smell was also unbearable. The bed was hard really hard. Never lost power. No clocks in the room if you want one make sure you take one.Gardens: BeautifulBeach: Wonderful,White,Calm watersResturants: Everyone has their own preferances. We enjoyed all of them.Housekeeping: They are not the best. The room was partially cleaned everyday. The floors not mopped after the 2nd day,the bathroom counter not cleaned at all. The bed was made. Left tips for extra towels only a couple of times did we get one extra towel. Bars: This is were we had big problems. The only bar we could find that was close to fair service was the lobby/pool bar at the Golf. The bartenders will walk past you, take your order and not get it for you, order a drink on the menu and you will be told NO. I was not given the service I deserved for an all-inclusive resort. I really saw they did not wait on women, men got better service. If you do not ask for rum in every drink you will not get it. If you tip the bartender skip it you will get no better service save your dollar. Make sure to take your big insolated mugs and fill up at the bar, a few less trips to the bar.Activity Staff: Just there to keep you awake yelling in the microphone. They don't try very hard to get people to partake. Massage: Wonderful, get one. $20 US for half hour we both got one great.All resorts are what you make of them. We were there to relax and not much else so the minor things did not matter at the time. The resort itself was great the service was just not the best or even close.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cannuk01
<Content>Great One Week Get-A-Way       The food..again..was great....lobster..My father loved it...hahaha..!!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>never again! Well let me start off by saying this place was not at all what I expected! I had read all the reviews and heard people say it was a beautiful place to go to. It was a beautiful beach..no fighting for lounge chairs, however.. the food was HORRIBLE. No spices and poor selection ...BLAH.As for all inclusive drinks....they made terrible drinks..too much liquor, not enough liquor just substandard. I have been to Punta Cana before and stayed at a beautiful resort...but never again at his place. The concierge was rude..no help with questions, lots of staff did not speak any english. The tropicalissmo show was terrible. The nightly entertainment was a joke! Overall.....TERRIBLE  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had an awesome time!! :) I just got back from staying at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort. I'm 16 years old and i had the best time! Theres plenty to do, so you never get bored! Some of the activities there are kayaking, and snorkeling. There is also streching,aerobics, volleyball, and dance lessons every morning! Your trip is what you make of it, so get involved! The food was nothing to brag about. However, you are in another country so keep that in mind. You should be careful of what you eat but don't be so worried about it! The hotel grounds are beautiful, that goes for the whole resort. There are security gaurds surronding the area, though they don't speak much english, they make sure nothing wrong is going on. The beach is just as pretty and there are lots of palm trees for shade! Make sure you wear sunscreen! If you want to get a good seat, then be prepared to wake up early and put a towel on a chair, just in case. While in Punta Cana, i would go on at least one excursion. I have been on the Outback Safari and the trip to Saona Island, both of them were incredible! You get to have fun and learn a little bit about how life is like there. At night, the hotels have shows that either have dancers, or involve participation from the audience, which are funny! Overall, i would reccomend this resort to anyone! Have fun and safe travels! :)  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the Resort, plan to go every year I will make this short and sweet, have been to this resort 2 times now and plan on getting married there in Winter of 2006. We love the beach, the resort and the staff. It is great for couples and families. There is allot of variety in foods. All around great place and we are always missing it when we come home. We have been on a few different vacations and will always go back to the Caribe!!!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ehiggins1505
<Content>Great Vacation My husband and I (both 28) stayed at the Barcel贸 Bavaro Caribe March 5th 鈥?12th. Overall we had a great vacation. We paid $830 USD each and felt it was well worth the money. I have paid over $1200 pp at resorts in Cancun and Cozumel and felt that the Barcel贸 had much more to offer than those resorts. There were people of all different ages from all over the world. It was nice to have such diversity. The beach was gorgeous! We have been to several different islands/countries and the Dominican has the best beaches by far. We felt the Caribe was nicer than the Beach resort, however, there is a lot more going on at the Beach resort and therefore, more fun to hang out at. Both resorts are so close to each other, it really doesn鈥檛 matter which one you stay at. Be sure to visit the water sports building on the beach between the caribe and beach resort. We really wanted to go snorkeling, but the excursions they sell are usually all day trips. We were able to go on a one and a half hour snorkeling trip for $15 USD through the water sports center at the resort. The food was ok. I knew it was not going to be great, but there is plenty of it so you won鈥檛 go hungry. I liked the Italian the best and my husband liked the Mexican. The drinks were pretty good; however, I wish there had been a little more variety. If you are ordering a frozen drink, be sure to ask for alcohol in it otherwise they will not put it in. The mojitos and banana mamas are great. Also, if you ask, they will make you frozen drinks blended with fresh fruit and ice at the pool bars. If you don鈥檛 ask, they will give you slush from the machine. The cappuccino was also great. We went to the Casino and lost $50. The only other times we went there was for the buffet, although I really didn鈥檛 think it was any better than the buffets at the beach and caribe. Rooms are not great, but they are clean and have everything you need. We were only in there to sleep anyway. They have electronic safety deposit boxes which we thought was great. We went to the disco twice. They play good music and we had a great time there. The service was hit or miss. We were never treated rudely, but some people were better than others. Omar and Jhonf at the Caribe pool bar were outstanding! We didn鈥檛 take malaria pills before we went. Our travel agent said we had the same chance of getting malaria as we do west nile in the US. Overall, if you are looking for an inexpensive quality vacation, this is a great place. Keep in mind that you get what you pay for. In the end, you are in paradise, away from work, being taken care of, what more can you ask for?  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very enjoyable! I went to the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe Hotel from March 13 to the 20th in 2005. it was an enjoyable vacation! overall i was really happy and satisfied with the hotel and beach, it was my first time to the domenican republic and it was beutifull!the staff is incredibly friendly, even though you dont speak spanish, communicating with them is not difficult, they make an effort to understand. there are different types of activities in the morning and later afternoon with the animators. the shows are cool, with different themes and types of dancing!the food is good, there was a good assortment of different types of food. the good thing is that there are restaurants all over the resort, so anywhere you are you can get something to eat. the a la carte restaurants are excleelent, we depended on them mainly for food. the buffets are ok, the best one is the buffet at the Beach Resort, there was a good varity of food there. the restaurants youll find out for yourself which ones you like, try them all out. the hotel is super nice, its clean, the gardens are speactacular, there are many paths to take to see the whole resort.there is a train that passes every 10 minutes that brings you to every resort. the rooms are acceptable, its a cozy room, the beds and floors are cleaned daily, the drinks in the miny fridge are allways replaced and re stocked, there is a tv and airconditioner and a safe for your belongings. the balcony is nice and spacious. the beach is beautifull! the water is clear clear clear! the sand is white. the beach stretches on for miles, the walks on the beach are spectacular!there is a variety of people from different places around the world, but yet it is never crowded, there is always place on the beach, the restaurants are not crowded, and even the bars are not full of people. its a nice place to go for the family, friends, honeymooners, and singles. there are plenty of people to meet, its safe, clean, and enjoyable! there are plenty of activites to do including kayaking, pedal boats, volleyball etc. there are parks for the kids and clubs for the adults. extremely happy with my vacation! the beach was beautifull, the place was nice, the food was good, cant complain!it was highly relaxing, and fun at the same time! id reccomend it to anyone!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise on Earth We just returned yesterday, stayed from 3/16-3/21/05. I'm not sure what everyone in previous reviews is complaining about. They must be extremely spoiled people. The beaches were the most beautiful I have ever seen in the Carriben. You can walk for miles in either direction with absolutley no problems. The Complex itself was extremely well maintained, and loaded with palm trees. The food was abundant and tasty, no matter where you went. Service was great for those people that were nicier than those who expected it. A smile, hola, and gracias was all it took. Remember some of their names at the bar and restaurants and simply call them by it. You will be rewarded, and will never wait for a drink. It is not gourmet style food, but the fact is you are going to enjoy their beautiful complex, and the even more beautiful beaches. The rooms are very nice and cleaned everyday. It's a nice, clean room to sleep in, who cares about it's decor. Bring a larger themos mug to bring your drinks down to the beach. They stay colder, longer than the plastic cups. Grab your chair early in the morning to pick a great spot on the beach or by the pool. Don't expect to get a beach or pool chair if you were too lazy to get down early, before 10:00. You might want to pack a candle in case the power goes out. If it does go out, light the candle and go down to bar, no big deal.If you want to visit a tranquil paradise with beautiful beaches, this is the place for you. Especially considering the minimal amount of money it will cost you. If you want gormet style food, go to the Cuisinart or Cap Juluca in Anguilla, and expect to pay $2,000 per night. Food or Airfare is not included in that price. Yes, we have been there too.Your goal in going there should be to relax, and not stress over the smaller things. Go and have fun. PS-No mosquito's or stomach problems either.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sariavalaipete
<Content>Would never go back~horrible especially for families HELLO ALL~ I will start off by saying that I read a lot of great reviews before deciding on my families last minute vacation (and most of the reviews were really pretty good)? With that said, my family and I were not happy with the vacation at all and actually wish that we had not spent our money and time at this destination. Now looking back at the reviews, I can only assume, that most of the great reviews that I read were written by young (early 20's) either friends or boyfriend/girlfiend type situations where just having a cheap place to stay with a beach and bar is what they need. I have been there done that and understand :-) But we needed a bit more and didn't get it at all!!!!!!!!! We are 34, well traveled professional couple with 2 small kids (daughter' 2 and 6 years old). IF YOU HAVE CHILDREN (ESPECIALLY YOUNG KIDS) DO NOT EXPECT A KIDS CLUB OR ANY CONSISTENT, RELIABLE OR SAFE CHILD CARE!!!!!!ARRIVAL and ROOMThe arrival was smooth (weird but cool outdoor airport :-) I thought it was neat (even though it was terribly hot :-)Check-in at the hotel was smooth. The room was clean and small (with 4 people and me being a bit of an over packer) there was no place for the luggage and was really cramped. There were 2 double beds. It was fine and we didn't see mosquito's (which we were worried about with other reviews we read). We left $2 in the minibar  for the cleaning staff the first day and also $1 daily. Never a problem with either and actually the minibar was so well stocked we started taking the extra beverages out with us to give to the grounds keepers  security guards (they were very appreciative for a cold coke)FOODTHE FOOD WAS HORRIBLE. I have to say that maybe we are a bit picky when it comes to good food. We enjoy a good gourmet meal once in a while and do buy fresh veggies and high quality meats in our home. So maybe we are a bit picky but we have been to plenty of other resorts and have always enjoyed the crappie buffet food (sometimes the unhealthier the better tasting :-) But this was low quality  poorly seasoned. I really do look forward to the pig out buffet stuff we all get at these all inclusive resorts but this food was absolutely horrible and I truly did not find 1 thing in any of the buffet's or restaurants that I looked forward to eating. We ate at the Steakhouse twice and twice it was horrible. Next to the steakhouse is takeout pizza. The pizza was OK nothing special but nothing terrible. The beachside restaurant called La Uva at the Golf Hotel that is good. Tables are in the sand on the beach and it is only open for lunch.Oh and none of us got sick but we brushed out teeth with bottled water and rewashed the fruit in bottled water as well before eating it. We tried to be careful and no one from our family got sick (but we did see others complaining at the front desk and looking terribly sick).CHILDREN'S ACTIVITIESNONE! There was a kids club that was basically nonexistent they claimed to always be looking for the girl that was supposedly running it that day. When she was finally found there were no activities planned, she didn't speak English (so my 6 year old couldn't even talk to her). The worst was when I had my older daughter go on a walk to the beach with the counselor (about 1/8 of a mile) and 2 other kids we had met ages 3 and 10. We (the 2 sets of parents) stayed by the pool to relax and after about 10 minute we see the 3 year old walking alone and sort of looking around for us and crying. The counselor had just let this little 3 year old wander off unsupervised (as if on vacation there are no psycho pedophiles or crazy people). I was enraged that so little thought went into the child care. So for us it was a vacation with no supervised child care or alone time at all. Oh and it was funny telling my 6 year old to stop staring at the topless ladies (that were everywhere) :-)DRINKI do not drink very often and am usually a cheap date :-) getting drunk from one rum  coke. Even I didn't get tipsy the liquor is so watered down. My husband and I speak Spanish, tipped large and regularly and still couldn't get drunk :-) well let me say that my husband started getting tipsy finally after a few days of only drinking beer and lots of it. :-) LANGUAGEWe didn't have a problem because we speak enough Spanish to feel comfortable. But I advise learning a few needed words (If I had to use the bathroom, and the staff couldn't direct me to the bathroom because they didn't understand me, I would have lost it). OVERALLThis place sucked and we found a lot of other vacationers that felt the same way. I know it's cheap and you get what you pay for (yatta yatta yatta). But it is not cheap enough to be worth the feeling we had as we left thinking to ourselves we should have gone to Jamaica :-)  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>a_farmer_in_Lindsay
<Content>Beats the Heck Outta' Winter!!! My 20-year old daughter and I returned from a week at the Caribe for the last week of Feb. I won't go into all the resort details - you see my overall rating and I would just be repeating what others have said. You may notice that many of the extremely low ratings are from people who seem to have got a bad first impression - they arrived late and couldn't check-in (service tends to be slow) or they had a room right beside the noisy theatre, etc. I suppose I might dwell on the negative if that happened to me - but I don't think that happens to most. I would still say that the grounds, beach, pool are 4-star but the service, rooms and food are more like 3-star. And since we spent most of our time on the grounds/beach/pool, that colours my rating.One excursion that you may want to try is a day at Manati Park. The zoo portion is fairly lame (this isn't Marineland) but the horse, parrot and aquatic shows are OK. My daughter signed up to swim with the dolphins in the pool (along with 100 other people - 6 at a time) and the experience and pictures were amazing!A few hints: Take an insulated mug. You'll get bigger drinks and they'll stay cold while you sit on the beach. And DONT CALL HOME! The tour agent warned us about the hotel charging $2.50 USD/minute for calls to Canada. So we used the handy calling numbers on a card by the phone in our room to call home collect - it was all automated, should be reasonable, right? I got my home phone bill yesterday - $300.00 in calls - they charged $6.00 CDN a minute! You can use your cell phone in the D.R. if your phone supports analog. I used mine for a quick call - it was just like being at home. But I haven't got my cell bill yet. Take all the $USD that you think you'll need - you can't get any within the resort (unless you win at the casino). You can get pesos from the ABMs but you can't spend them/exchange them outside the D.R. so stick with greenbacks.In closing, if you're going to escape the winter and relax in a tropical enviro and don't mind going with the flow sometimes, you'll have a great time!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BSmithOttawa
<Content>No Complaints - I would recommend it Spent Feb 19-26, 2005 at the Caribe and found the experience great. We arrived very late (between 12:30 and 1:00 am) and the service was slow and we had to hike to our hotel which was annoying. I know it was annoying only because I was tired, hungry and had no idea where the Porter was taking us. The room was great - it was clean, had a balcony where we could look out over a common garden area. Beaches were beautiful andyou could walk for miles. Some areas in front of other hotels the area was not well kept (seaweed) but that didn't matter. Food was good(actually better than I expected). The Italian restaurant would not be recommended . There were plenty of shops to spend your money in if you wanted to. We could access all the other hotels in the complex and eat everywhere but the Palace. Felt comfortable and safe there at all times.You can always find fault whereever you go, but this location was great.The weather was good even though we got rain, someone cooked for me everday, someone cleaned up after me when I was out, I didn't have to go to work, what more could one ask for on vacation. There is no perfection when I am home so I cannot expect perfrection when I am away.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lisaa_7
<Content>Nice overall       THe Pool @ the Caribe Hotel  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>spaulding
<Content>The BEACH was great! Just returned from the Beach Hotel on the 10th. Had a great time!Weather: Gorgeous!! Was between 85-90 every day. Nice breeze! Definitely USE your sunblock! We used 30 and still got burnt. The evenings were still on the warm side- only needed a sweater due to the sunburns giving you a chill.Beach: BEAUTIFUL! Never used the pool- the beach was so great. White sand clear blue/white water and it was so warm. There was a nice breeze which you definitely needed because the sun was so strong. Very calm waters- kayak in the morning its like glass! Plenty of chairs to go around. Get the ones with the adjustable backs. We tried to set up as close to the waters edge because as the sun moves the palm trees shade the beach.Massages: you could get these in the hut on the beach - my boyfriend loved these and got them everyday ( there are no extras so don't worry ladies!)Pool- best time to go here is around 5 we'd come up off the beach grab our cocktails and watch the entertainment. This would go on until 6:30 the sun is still strong so keep the sunblock close (don't forget your sunglasses!) When the activities are done here move over to the hotel bar and enjoy some drinks and popcorn. Wait awhile before going to shower as everyone is doing this between 6-7 and the water pressure goes way down. Beach Activities: We loved the kayaks could go every day- take it to the point where there are no hotels (be careful as the point is an exposed reef and the surf is strong over there- we almost ended up on it!) The paddle boats are fun too. We took them out to the shark cage ( you'll see afenced in area from the beach -to the right of the dolphin platform) you can get out of the paddle boat and dive down to see the sharks- they are fully enclosed so no worries. Snorkeling is ok but you don't even need to wear a mask you see a ton of fish just swimming- not much color. Wouldn't spend any money on snorkeling or scubadiving as there aren't the tropical colored fish you are hoping for. take advantage of all the free activities. My boyfriend tried the free scub diving in the pool. The beach is great for walking- go left when you get out on the beach- you'll reach the mercado this way and then keep on walking to do some exploring- run into some local areas (women don't go alone)Rooms: were fine We had two beds one was better than the other. they were very clean. ac worked great (except last night the whole building went out - that was unbearable) The towels are a bit rough but we thought of it as getting exfoliated. We brought gifts to leave for the maid evey day and left a note requesting more towels on the first day and we were given 6 towels every day. We gave her $25 for a weeks stay plus the gifts. I also left behing some clothes that I didn't want anymore. The staff at the hotel has to pool all the tips so gifts are greatly appreciated!Food- this was the only problem- but we knew this going in. We brought snacks from home to keep the hunger away. Don't buy anthing at the gift shop a candy bar was $4! The restaurant we liked the best was the Steakhouse- then the Mexican then the Italian. The buffet is ok for breakfast but nothing else. The coffee and cap is excellent but gets you GOING! Drink lots of water!!! You dehydrate quickly and this will ruin your day too! Don't waste your money on the Palace food its the same as what your getting for free. We all got sick (there were 3 of us) Alot had to do with the sun and getting dehydrated- just be smart.Drinks: small but tasty. The beer is good. Bring an insulated mug and they will fill it up for you. We found the best bar to be the one at the hotel inside by the registration. Lourdes was the best! We brought her pizzas and she treated us like royalty- never had to ask for a drink she was always right there. P.S. they serve popcorn here too but you have to ask! Again they pool there tips here too! A gift they get to keep! We tipped her every day too and then left her a $20 on our last day.Nightlife: Not much. We did the Disco one night, the casino another and then did the shows they had at the hotels. We tended to eat late because of the lines for the restaurants and then being so beat from the sun the need for nightlife wasn't really there. We liked hanging out at the bar in the hotel- you'd meet a ton of people and discuss what you did that day and what tours were worth it. THIS IS NOT THE PLACE FOR SPRING BREAKERS!We had quite a few college kids in our building who were very loud! They really made a mess (ketchup all down the hall and over the walls - their rooms were trashed!) Pretty obnoxious on the beach too. There isn't anything for them to do but drink..Tours: we only did the 2 hour horseback riding. Lots of fun you ride thru the jungle and on the beach. they take you to a locals house to buy a drink - remeber to bring money for this and to tip the guide that rides with you. When at the house be sure to look around and play with her little girls and take note of everything they don't have (bring toys for the children) I have been to the DR before and did go off the resort and spent the day in a little village - it is heart wrenching how poor these people are and you will want to give them everything you have! The average Domincan makes $2500. a year! Overall our experience was great! We enjoyed everything the people were great the other guest we met were fun and great sources of info. Ask around before booking any tours everything is expensive so make sure its worth it. Give to the employees as much as you can and the children if you go off the resort this will be the most rewarding part of your experience here. Get to know the people ( learn some spanish or bring a book-you'll need it) Don't be afraid to go off the resort and explore - you can get a taxi to take you around for a couple of hours instead of taking a tour. If you just stay on the resort try the train that takes you around- bring a drink as it goes pretty slow. The resort is big but is set up in a circle so easy to walk .Everyday they come around to take pictures of guest with different creatures or employees dressed up in native garb. Take one with the monkey- he's soo cute! Its free! You can choose to buy the photo for $8 that night in the lobby.Would definitely recommend this resort to friends and family. Had a great time! Wish we were still there!!If you have any questions just ask! (Have been to Puerto Plata too)FYI our ages are 27,30 and 37 and we all loved it.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! I stayed at Beach resort and it was beautiful. We got to watch the sunset easily from our room each nite and it only rained once for about 1 hour between 6-8. Lines are a bit long if you try to go to supper early, we usually went around 8. The people were great and helpful and I thought everyone seemed happy. The housecleaners were very polite, but most of them do not speak english. We had access to a lot of nice restaurants, except the Palace. I was 17 and the disco's were fun to go to and your parents would even feel comfortable there, atleast till about 1 or 2. They have bottled water there for you 24/7 and the pizza you can get in the huts on the beach are amazing. I really can't compare it to anything else becuase i have never been anywheres, but this definatly set my standards high and i am planning on goin back with my family. I completely recommand this place to anyone, even with kids, aslong as they are not whiny, because no one wants to hear that and i never had to. It was a great experience, and i cant forget the water is beautiful and the sand is perfect and the pools are clean and you just feel completely at home and comfortable. I enjoyed everyday there.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't be disappointed We were there Jan22-29/05 and I wouldn't go back. We checked in late and there was one person at the front desk. The service was slow and I am sure people were standing there for over 1 1/2 hours waiting to check in. It was after midnight and I had to carry my own luggage to my room and I had a small child with me. The directions given to me were wrong and it took forever wandering around trying to find my room.The beach is sandy, however there is a lot of coral rocks everywhere.The food at the buffet was the same every day. One day there were steaks on the grill so I tried one. It was the toughest thinnest steak and I eventually fed it to a stray cat. Many meals our drinks came after we had finished eating. The kids club was a joke. It was nothing more than a babysitting service with no activities planned.My room was close to the entertainment area. The music was so loud I eventually changed rooms. The buildings close to the ocean are all new, so if you are staying there ask for them. The room was average.The entertainment was nothing more than having some guests come on stage and participate in making fools of themselves, so if you are looking for a show, this is the wrong place. I am not the only guest that felt this way. I spoke to one man and he waited 1 1/2 days just to get toilet paper in his room. The outside bathrooms were disgusting! This is not even close to a 41/2 star hotel. The only thing I can say is the grounds are well kept, so on the surface it looks good until you spend some time there.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>EVEN BETTER THAN I ANTICIPATED I am from Manitoba, Canada and this was my very first winter vacation to a tropical destination so I have nothing to compare this to, but from what I have just returned from it definetely won't be my last. I am hooked. Had a great time in Punta Cana from February 15, 2005 to March 1, 2005. and was sorry to see my vacation come to an end.The facilities at the Barcelo Bavero Caibe Resort were fine. If I had anything negative to say it would be the maid service. As it was not always the best. You never seemed to get anything replaced if you happened to run out. One day we would have four bath towels and the next day you would get two, or you wouldn't get a bath mat or hand towel. Minor incidents. However, they could be enough to discourage some people especially if you were leaving tips each day and still running into the same situations as was the case. The Caribe Resort tends to cater to children so if you have kids it's great, but we were there for RR and didn't care for the fact that there were so many kids. However, the pool is great and we enjoyed swimming in it, but you had to make certain that you reserved your chair shortly after 7:00 am when the towel bar opened up or else you had to look for chairs on the beach and they were hard to find near the Caribe. The food was plentiful. The buffet's were spectacular and we never left hungry. We visited the Steak house twice and found the steak fit to eat. We also tried the Italian restaurant once, and ordered Pizza from the take-out, but we weren't so impressed. I think they could improve. On a scale of one to ten I would rate the food at the buffet's an eight. There was always an abundance of variety and the desserts were magnificant. I would be careful of drinking the beer. After several days of eating and drinking, something was making our stomachs upset and after eliminating fruits, oils etc. we finally narrowed it down to the beer. We quite drinking it and were fine. All in all, a great time was had. Take Immodium and ant-acids. A bottle of regular strength Tums cost $9 US and don't forget the sun screen and after sun screen. I would also suggest taking snack foods as a chocolate bar was $6 US. The people were great the weather was fantastic and one day I shall return.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>awr1234
<Content>Excellent beach and vacation We stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe hotel from Feb. 18th through Feb. 26th, 2 adults and 2 children ages 8 and 13. We did mainly kid-related activities and so did not do most of the adult only things at the Barcelo resorts.Covering the different amenities-1) Beach - awesome. Miles of powdered sugar beach, you can walk as far to the north as you like (better walking north than far south), with gently swaying coconut palms and 82 degree turquoise water. Hotel has any type of water sports activity you want - non-motorized things are free (kayaks / windsurfing), boats / snorkeling trip / banana pull boat are all for a fee. You do need to claim beach lounge chairs early in the morning as they go fast. The waves are gentle on the beach as there is a coral reef about a half mile offshore that keeps the waves small. There is top optional on the beach and in the pool area (our kids kept a running tally - HA!). About 1 kilometer south, you leave the Barcelo property, and enter the Natura preserve. There are coral beaches there and you can venture out there to find starfish, flounder, coral (wear footwear or you will cut yourself or get your foot impaled on a sea urchin) and nice conch shells. Watch out for the quicksand-like area where you do sink down a foot or two (the very calm area where the coral beach just starts). To the north, the other Barcelo resorts (Beach followed by Palace), then the first flea market, where the merchants are rather aggressive, but friendly. Melia is just north of there, and the beach keeps going on and on.2) Hotel - the rooms are average. There is very poor lighting in the rooms (just two small lamps) and the beds are double size, not queen. The bathrooms are adequate and they keep the small frig stocked with water / pop and 2 cans of beer / day. One should not use tap water for rinsing or drinking, use the bottled water which is available everywhere. But that's not the reason one goes there, one goes for the beach, and it doesn't disappoint.The property itself is very well landscaped - lots of coconut palms, bouganvillea, etc. Has a definite Latin feel to it. All resort buildings on Bavaro Beach are no taller than the trees so it keeps the beach very picturesque - not like the high rise beaches of Cancun or Florida.The bartenders at the Bouganvillea bar near the pool are very friendly and they always had a crowd around. They have various activities around the pool all day. However, the pool, although it is very large and attractive, is not heated - the beach water is at least 8-10 degrees warmer. They have scuba lessons at midday in the pool. If you want to have lounge chairs by the pool, you need to claim them with hotel beach towels, which they give out starting at 7 am (we ended up saving ours for the next day so we could get chairs before 7 am). I suspect this is the norm at all resorts here. Several times / day there are parrots, or a monkey, or an iguana with trained handlers for you to take your picture with (they sell the pictures for $8 in the lobby). We took the horseback riding trip along the beach and it was awesome - the kids loved it.3) Food - The breakfasts were very good - good strong coffee (you need to drink it with lots of leche (hot milk) so to reduce its strength). Juices were excellent. Omelets were very good, and there is an assortment of breads / fruits. All the food, juices, and water is OK (it's distilled) at all Barcelo resort areas. Once you leave the resort, however, you are on your own.Lunch is average - you can get pizzas all afternoon and evening near the pool, but be prepared to wait a while around 2:00. Dinner - we tried a number of restaurants on the property. The Mexico Lindo (in the Beach resort next door) had excellent food and every so often they turned off the lights and gathered around a table to surprise someone for a birthday / anniversary. The steakhouse, also on the Beach property, had good steaks. We tried the Dominican restaurant the last night we were there (this is in the Palace) and it was excellent - it's not part of the all inclusive if you don't stay at the Palace, but the price was very reasonable, including drinks.They have nightly entertainment, usually dancing or some comedy-related activity. A very friendly, international clientele -many from Canada, Italy, Germany, France.They have a small casino, part of the Casino resort property, and it was active.4) Shops - there are a number of shops in each hotel property, and the Plaza Dominicana has many nice shops for browsing - they will barter for more expensive items at some of the shops. The flea markets along the north beach will always haggle, they really try to get you to come into their shops (give you a little something no obligation, mi tienda es su tienda (store), etc. 5) Mosquitoes - our first six days there we didn't see, hear or feel a mosquito. The wind was blowing off the water and although it was warm by day (80-85) the evenings would cool into the low / mid 70s, and the air was not humid. The last two days, the wind blew from the south, and it got warmer and more humid, and that's when we noticed a few more mosquitoes, as the air was from land. But still no more than a few, and no worse than any place you are during a summer. Overall, it was very relaxing, and the best beach vacation we've had. I'd rate the hotel rooms themselves 3 stars, the food 3.5 - 4 stars and the beach / amenities of the beach and resort a definite 5 stars.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>venus
<Content>Absolute Tropical Paradise! Barcelo Bavaro Beach ResortCheck-in: The whole process was smooth and they even served us fruity drinks while we were waiting. We didn鈥檛 exactly get the room we requested but it still had an ocean view and the other couple travelling with us were right next door like we asked. 鈥淏ell-hops鈥?took our suitcases right to our door and showed us the room facilities. Rooms: The rooms were pretty good. Clean, with 2 double beds pushed together with 2 night stands, a dresser, table and 2 chairs, mini-bar in a pantry with additional shelves, bathroom with a separate room for the toilet, bath/shower, coffee maker, and patio with table and 2 chairs. Bring a travel alarm clock as there are none in the rooms and from past experiences you do not always get your wakeup calls. You get fresh sheets each morning but they didn鈥檛 change the top cover every day. They stocked the mini bar with 2 beers, 2 huge waters, sprite, and coke (regular  diet) each day. We had a partial view of the ocean which was nice and our building was pretty close the lobby. We had water pressure problems a couple of times鈥t was if it had a mind of its own鈥ut when it worked it worked well. You don鈥檛 spend much time in the rooms so we were content with them.The other resorts looked like they also had nice accommodations. The Beach was the most active and busy then the Caribe and the Golf and Casino the quieter ones. All rooms at the Beach have some kind of an ocean view whereas the Caribe had some but mostly they had garden views. I would recommend the Beach first and then the Caribe but both are still really nice. Grounds: This resort is huge and they really took good care of it. Nice walking paths with lots of palms and greenery鈥ot much flowers but that could be due to this time of year. There were some but not a lot. The little trolley came around every 15 mins so if you didn鈥檛 want to walk you could easily hop on and off at each resort. One day while sitting on our patio we saw a grounds keeper way up in a palm tree cutting down coconuts. He noticed us taking his picture and cut open 2 coconuts for us鈥e was really nice so we gave him a tip to thank him!Food: There was a huge selection of food at all the different buffets. We ate at all of them which had pretty much the same types of food but there was still some variance. Don鈥檛 worry you have so much to choose from you won鈥檛 get bored. They had fresh fruits at all meals which were amazing and at breakfast they made you fresh fruit smoothies to your liking. They also made omelettes at breakfast and pasta and meats at lunch/dinner right in front of you to your liking too which was great. The staff at the buffets were very nice and were very attentive with your water and clearing your plates away. The door greeter at the Amber buffet in the Beach resort was the friendliest person I鈥檇 ever met! I鈥檇 see her at breakfast, lunch and dinner greeting everyone with a smile and she was very genuine. We only tried 2 a la cartes: the Mexican one had tons and tons of food. It had a mini buffet for your appetizers and then you had a huge meal鈥e were soooo stuffed. The Steakhouse had the best atmosphere but the food wasn鈥檛 as good. DO NOT get the ribs鈥hey were extremely fatty with less than 10% meat on them. All in all it was pretty good there鈥he other people I was with had the steaks and said they were good. Oh and the deserts were to die for with a vast selection to choose from.Bars: Service was a little slow at some but they really know how to make superb drinks! Anything you want! Premium liquors and imports were extra money but their not necessary. The cappuccinos were the best I鈥檝e even had! 10 times better than star bucks that鈥檚 for sure! The pool bar at the Beach resort had the fastest service and the nicest bartenders so we stuck to that one.Pools: The Caribe pool was the biggest and nicest. The Beach one had a cute little water fall. The golf and casino ones were least busy and were the less windiest cause they were far from the beach. The Palace pool was similar to the Caribe pool but there鈥檚 no point in going there cause you have to pay extra to use the bar services there unless your staying there (restaurants at the Palace are extra too). All the pools were very clean.Staff: The staff was friendly most of the time. Some spoke English like the bartenders and front desk staff but lots did not. It wasn鈥檛 too bad and we just accepted it. We tried our best to speak Spanish and were always treated kindly for our attempts even though they were lousy. The maids really appreciated the gifts we left and did a good job cleaning our rooms. All in all I found everyone was friendly aside from the exception of maybe 1 or 2 which were just too lazy to serve us.Entertainment: The little shows they have each night at the Caribe and Beach were sometimes good and sometimes not. They could be quite funny when they got the audience involved. The Tropicalissamo show was o.k. You have to make reservations at the front desk. It鈥檚 a really loud show and there are very scantily-clad women bustin鈥?a move pretty provocatively at times鈥ust a forewarning for young kids. It was an hour long but that was long enough. The Bavaro Disco near the Beach resort was pretty good too. It was a decent size with a dance floor, selective seating and 2 big bars on either side. Early on into the night they played older music for the older crowd, then European music and then as the night progressed the played more recent N.American music for the party crowd that stayed until 4am! It was a good time there鈥e had a blast at the disco. The Golf buffet turns into a disco at night but we never went there so can鈥檛 comment on that.Beach: Spectacular! Wide, lots of beach chairs, fine white sand鈥?paradise! The water was clear turquoise blue and had a little bit of sea weed washed ashore but there were guys who came and raked it up twice a day so no biggie. The beach was the best part! They also had beach volley ball which was tons of fun. They had activities every day but we didn鈥檛 do them (water polo, aerobics, dance lessons etc.). Excursions: We went on 2. The Kontiki Party Boat/Snorkelling was soooo much fun! Not good for kids but great otherwise! The staff spoke perfect English and put on a little show of dancing and they played steel drums. They were really talented and got everyone involved. The snorkelling was pretty good. Lots of fish but only of a couple varieties. Still, it was amazing. They served mixed drinks, beer, pop and some snacks. The excursion lasted 5 hours and cost $60US. The other one was the complete opposite. Deep Sea fish was awful! DO NOT GO especially if you have the slightest of weak stomachs. My friend basically spent $70US to puke in the toilet for 5 hours! We trolled for the whole time and only caught 2 fish (both mahi-mahi). Even though I wasn鈥檛 sea-sick at all the fumes from the boat made my throat burn and I couldn鈥檛 get that chemical taste out of my mouth for hours. Also for 3 days after when I would sit still my boat felt like it was constantly rocking back and forth. Unless you鈥檙e a huge fishermen don鈥檛 waste you money. I was also disappointed the guides didn鈥檛 say one word to us and didn鈥檛 even show us where the life-vest were鈥?scared me because we were so far out we couldn鈥檛 even see land anymore.Summary: I would recommend this resort to anybody! We loved it there and I鈥檓 so depressed to be home. I hope all of you have a great time at this resort because I know we did. Last year we stayed at the Ocean Bavaro which was also nice but the Barcelo Bavaro was way better. It had WAY more options and just overall nicer. No resort is perfect but this place was pretty close!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Week of February 14th 2005 We just came back from the Caribe hotel and were pleasantly surprised given what we had read before going. If any of the following drive you crazy, perhaps you should re-evaluate this vacation destination:*** Consistent, speedy service - the service is generally good, with large swings in consistency, particularly at buffet restaurants where you may waste valuable time waiting for tables to be set, coffee to be served etc.. Patience is a virtue.*** Sleep and Sitting by Pool - if you are not at pool by 7am to claim your lounger, you will be out of luck for the day. Option would be to go down to beach and bring up a lounge chair.*** A calm serene ocean - though the ocean is clear and turquoise, the winds blow consistent and strong. This could be a blessing in disguise because without the wind it is stinkin hot!*** Service in Spanish - very little language other than Spanish is spoken by staff. Even the front counter staff are unable to communicate in broken English.*** Constant Merengue music! Started to drive me crazy about day 4!!!*** Wine service: House red wine is served cold in all restaurants. YEECHH. If you want a room temperature vino tinto you need to order off wine list. ($16 - $30) bottle. Chilean Cabernet Sauvignon was good!Some other comments:Rooms: A bit old and dated. Much like a Holiday Inn in pastel Carribbean colors. Our room was clean and all faciliies worked fine. Small balconies, but large enough to enjoy a late night drink or morning coffee. (Yes - coffee maker in room.) Rooms have electronic safes, small fridges stocked with beer, water and pop. No hard booze. Room service prompt. Air conditioning is a bit noisy, but it drowns out all outside noise when set at medium. This was great because place gets noisy after 7am and when bar closes at 1am and drunken idiots start to yell.Pool: Large pool at Caribe and Palace, smaller at Beach. No place to lounge after 7am, but chairs and tables sometimes available to sit. Water cold, but refreshing. Few topless bathers. No swim up bar at Caribe or Beach. 1 towel card per guest, don't try to get more!!Beach: Nice long beach stretches from Caribe to Palace. Takes about 20 minutes to walk. There is seaweed in pockets, but lots of clear sandy places to swim. Water is warmer than pool with no wave action as coral breaks are about 1km offshore. Forget the boogie board! We found the best place to get a good lounger and peace and quiet was to the Palace side of the Beach Hotel. Lots of topless bathers. Teenage boys will have a great time here.Shopping: Stay away from hotel shops. Way overpriced! There is a Mercado just past the Palace where you can barter your brains out! We found starting at 25% of the asking price and moving to about 1/3rd of the price for final sale worked. If you do not get it right away, look in other stalls. The price swings are huge. Coffee is about $3, small rum about $3- $4. T-shirts about $5-$8 depending on quality. There is no town to go to shop in. Shopping tours were run into Bavaro, but I heard they were disappointing. Laramar and Amber are local stones, but good stuff is expensive. Amber is about same price in Canada. Beware of fake stuff. If you but at market, have vendor hold a lighter under stone to make sure it is not plastic.Entertainment: Non-motorized beach sports are easy to get. No lineups. We went kayaking and pedal boating to dolphin island. Bring your camera if you go on paddleboat. Great shots of resort from offshore. Night time entertainment at resorts is passable. Mostly dancing to Merengue music. Sometimes drives ya nuts! Tropicalissmo show at Casino requires reservation from activities desk at any of the hotels. Golf course is on site. Not a bad looking course (about 6,700 yds from tips). Cost is $60 plus half of $50 cart = $85. Mini golf is available for no charge.Tours: We took Bavaro Runners tour which involves open air bus to Cigar factory and shopping, house in country for look at local cocao and coffee making as well as cock fight (non-lethal). You can but cocao, coffee, vanilla, honey here, but it is more expensive than Mercado on beach. Stop for lunch and horseback riding or swimming. Finally to beach beside Secrets hotel for swim/lounge. As part of this trip we also visited sugar cane harvest. WARNING - this may not be comfortable for all. We were surrounded by dirt poor Haitians wielding machetes who started to beg for money, hats, watches etc. We were glad to get out of there...Our second tour was to Saona Island in the Carribean near Romano. Long bus ride (1.5 hrs each way), but beautiful beaches and a stop at a sand reef to cool off and pick up Starfish for pictures. You take speedboats to get to Saona and Catamaran to come back. (Or visa-versa.) Final stop at Mercado to shop on way back. Nice day and excellent guides. Both tours cost us $300US total for two people.Heard from a few people that trip to Manati Park is a real rip off. Just a few animals for kids to pat and small park. Cost is $25 which one person told us was $26 too much!Food: I was pleasantly surprised with food in all restaurants and buffets. We have been to 5 and 5+ resorts that had less consistency than this one. There are 5 a la carte restaurants you can choose from and buffets at all hotels. Some longer lineups at the a la carte restaurants because reservations are not accepted. Lines move very well though. Steak house at Beach Hotel was good. Steak was tender, but tiny compared to a good Canadian strip loin. Lamb was tasty. Mexican and Italian restaurants were not quite as nice, but they had good varied menu items. Buffets were busy in the morning and at lunch. Lots of variety, but by no means haute cuisine. We found it to be filling and reasonably tasty. Sort of like a Mandarin restaurant in Canada with a spanish focus!Final tips:** Bring a sweater at night. If you are walking or standing in restaurant line by beach it gets cool. ** Bring snack foods if you like that stuff. Chocolate and chips in hotel stores are robbery. ($12 for a box of Pringles!)** If you like coffee, go to Caribe pool bar. Great espresso and cappos all day long. If you sleep in, they have continental breakfast 10am-noon.** Load up on sunscreen - you will need it! WE used 30spf and still got burnt. Reapply often! Bring your own because buying it there will triple the cost at least.** Do not forget medicines. We brought Immodium/Pepto and painkillers and Aloa. These are incredibly expensive down there, We heard of no one that got sick other than through sheer alcohol poisoning and stupidity. We are still taking malaria pills, but we saw very few mosquitos. Got a few bites but I guess that is all it takes.** Take it easy and relax. This was not a Ritz Carleton resort, but it is good value for money. All in all the people are friendly, the beaches are nice, the food good and the drinks cold. ENJOY.If you have any questions, I would be pleased to try to answer these. ADIOS.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great beach/pool Booked Barcello Roulette Stayed At Barcello Caribe. Didnt get hotel confirmed until we arrived which was fine. Hotel is in need of updating (inside rooms) Towels are in need here. They never leave enough in room. We were 3 people and only received 2 bath towels daily. They service the rooms with towels late in the afternoon (around 5:00pm) after the maid service....(seperate person does towels and bar fridge). Also towels are very rough in desperate need of fabric softener here!Washrooms in lobby area do not flush well. Sometimes water seems to be lacking pressure and I believe that might be the problem. They should have a washroom at the pool area as well to eliminate going into the lobby while wet from beach and pool.On the positive, most of the staff are very nice. The bartenders at the pool bar, extremely nice and quick even if they don't get tipped every time they serve you. The pool is beautiful and so is the beach (except there is seaweed in the water, unlike the Palace, they must clean the seaweed from the water there) This time of year a little windy....We went Feb 13-20.If you get a good deal, - less then $800.00cad p.p. its worth going to this resort. It should however be rated a 3 1/2 star not a 4 starFood in Buffets not bad. The Casino buffet is the best and is less crowded. They do need more guys doing the eggs at breakfast and pasta bar at night. Long lineups there. They do try however. We would go back for the price that we got on this holiday.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>eagertraveler
<Content>wonderful!!!!!! I just returned from Barcelo Bavaro beach and caribe resort. We Stayed in the Caribe part and it was great!!!!! There were 8 of us and there is not one complaint. The food, service, rooms, drinks and views were awsome! The weather was very nice - very windy but very nice. I would go back in an instant!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>can't complain Just returned Feb 4 and was happy about our stay at the Caribe.I did research so wasn't surprised, I new what to expect.service is slow but that is their way, food is marginal, survived on chicken, stir fry, and pasta. Casino buffet the best. Beer was good, rum was good(moocho). Specialty drinks good. The grounds, the beach, ocean, pool, rooms are real nice. Problem was only double beds available. There were just two of us so a queen or king with a small couch would have been more appropriate. We were on the fourth floor and had only 6 or 7 mosquitos all week. People on 2nd and 1st had considerably more. They come in under the door at night. Casino was nice but smokey, if you want to smell like an ash tray after, its the place to go. Don't stay at the golf, do what you have to to get out(bribe). We booked less than a week prior and got it for half price.Can't and won't complain. If we had paid full price.......well.......  
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value Positives-Rooms were clean and not musty-Hotel was well maintained and gardens very nice--Buffet food was good about what you could expect. Breakfast buffet the best with fresh eggs and omlettes. There were 4 buffets to choose from all serving much the same fare.-The a la carte restaurants were quite good. Try the Steak or Italian for lunch. You can sit on the verranda overlooking the beach. Very pleasant.-Nightly entertainment not bad. There were 3 different theatres you could move around if one show didn't suit you.Negatives-Beach could be very nice but is crowded and seaweed not cleanedIf you want liquor in your drink make sure you ask. They are not generous with drinks.Staff especially in buffets seemed over worked and were quite often unattentive. Service in a la carte somewhat better.-Overall just under 4 star quality but reasonable for the cost.-  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Barcelo Bavaro Beach Caribe is the best there is!!!!!! Our stay at Barcelo Bevaro Beach Caribe was the best experience that we could ever expect. All members of the staff were personable and accomadating above and beyond our expectations. The rooms were clean, and our maid was such a sweetheart. Every morning we would wake up early and see the staff raking the beaches. So much pride was taken in this resort, overall. I cannot say enough about the staff and where we stayed. I can't wait to go back again! Thank you, and God bless. Troy and Audrey Detmar  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cdn-Adventurer
<Content>GREAT GREAT GREAT Myself, my kids and a girlfriend stayed there from Dec.31 to Jan.7.05It was great - there were only 2 drawbacks i) the service (which I find on repeated visits to the Dominican is to be expected - but then again maybe it is just me!!). I found that in some places the service was quite poor and the smiles were pretty rare. and ii) the lack of knowledge of the English language - knowing Spanish would be helpful (this again I've found, is common to the Dominican Republic in general). Aside from those 2 problems which are common to all the country, I can't say enough good things about this resort. The food (esp the Mexican, the steakhouse and the buffet at the Beach resort) was great. Way too much!!!! The disco was soooo much fun for everyone! It felt so safe becasue it was all enclosed in our resort. The beach was incredible and there was no lack of things to do. The church was so incredibly cute with it's thatched roof. The grounds and the beach were so well groomed it was incredible.We all LOVED the place and will be going back again this year - probably for the same time period - but this time for 2 weeks. I would highly recommend this place - it was GREAT.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! We were in the DR, over the Christmas holiday and just returned to Toronto on Dec.26. Our flight was delayed 5 hrs.so we got to enjoy another night in this great hotel/resort. We went with our 2 teenaged daughters and they also had an amazing time. Bavaro beach was SUNNY, beautiful, clean, white sand, lots of activities on the beach and by the large spacious pool side.We found the Dominican people to be pleasant and hard working. If you treat them with respect and smile or say a few nice words of greeting in Spanish, they are wonderful back.(Ola, buenos dia, buenas noche, feliz navidad) Some tourists however can be very demanding and self centered so the treatment they get,unfortunately, is what they deserve. Everyone we met and interacted with on our vacation was pleasant and fun. A small tip for the waiters, cleaning people, masseuse etc. goes a very long way in this country where the wages are quite low. It would be a good idea to bring down some 1$  5$ and offer a tip once in a while, the Dominicans are very appreciative of small acts of kindness. We also offered the grounds workers bottled water and soft drinks from our hotel fridge since we could get drinks any time from the bar. The complex is like a small community with lots to see and do.We even went to midnight mass, xmas eve.There is a new caribbean style church on site. Take the little train which comes by every 10 minutes, until 4 in the AM, wherever you wish and have fun. This was one our best vacations down south and we are looking forward to going back soon. As a precaution against malaria we did take chloroquine.We only saw 2-3 mosquitoes. They seem to be under control. Not to worry, it's worth it!!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had an AWSOME time!       View from the fishing dock! Beautiful long and white sandy beach  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>relaxing vacation We were at the Barcelo Caribe hotel from Nov 28 to Dec 12, and all in all we had a good time. The weather was beautiful, the sun was blazing so use lots of sunscreen, and it would rain for approximatly 5 min in the afternoons. We love the beach, but unfortunatly we spent most of our time lounging by the pool since the beach was full of seaweed (it was floating everywhere!!) The Caribe hotel had one of the nicest pools, compared to the other hotels, so it was quite pleasant. As far as the service is concerned, we were very dissapointed...you felt as though you were bothering the waiters and waitresses, they would even avoid eye contact, so that they wouldn't serve you. As far as the food was concerned, you had lots of variety for everyone, we especially liked the Mexican restaurant and the buffet at the Beach hotel. But after being there for fourteen days we were craving BIG MACS!!! The majority of the guests we Canadian, and Europeans. There were also guests from Columbia and Venezuela, and they happened to be the rowdiest of the bunch. Everyone was really annoyed with their behavior (screaming, throwing their cups containing alchool in the pool...)Anyhow, all in all we made the best out of our vacation, enjoyed the beautiful weather, tanned, enjoyed the disco in the evenings, and most importantly, we didn't get sick!! Would we go back to Punta Cana? YES, but we would choose a different hotel.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was Great We went the week of Nov.27 to Dec.4We were overwhelmed by the resort when we first arrived, figured we would never find our way around. Was easy near the end of our trip.We were dropped off at the Beach Resort and then asked to follow a guy with our luggage, so we did and ended up at the Caribe resort but no-one told us what was going on. We waited a while and got a room key and our inclusive band. It turned out to be a gold band (very good news). Ended up with a 1st floor room near the pool. It still had a little balcony so no one would be right at your window. Room was smaller than others we have had in D.R. but had enough room. There were 2 double beds pushed together to make a giant bed and a couple chairs near the glass door. Washroon was large with the toilet in it's own room. Lots of water pressure, water got hot enough and very clean. Rooms come with a safe at no extra cost and fridge was stocked with a couple beers and some pop. We caught the fridge stocker near the beginning of the week, passed him a tip and asked for more beer and Coca Cola Light only. He kept it up until Thursday when we got a new fridge stocker. Maid always did a great job and we gave here gifts of lotions, perfumes etc. She really liked the light up Christmas pin and the stuffed snowman.Resort was doing a bunch of renovations and still finishing off some of the work due to the storm. Church was almost finished when we were leaving. They have a service Sundays at 6pm.Pools looked great but are cool (maybe due to my sun burn). Ocean was nice once you got in but there was always wind that kept you on the cool side.Weather was perfect with only rain a couple evenings and a morning. We were not outside at the time so it never bothered us.Got up near the end of the week early enough to see the sunrise from the beach. Sunsets were Ok from the Casino pool area but no spectacular ones.We ended up with the gold bands so Food was amazing. All the beef tasted like Canadian beef. Lobster was included and no limits. Steak house was great but I did get 1 raw steak near the end. Had dinner at Chez Palace, it was great food but very upper class. We had dressed up but they did not want to let me in with sandels but I talked them into it. We had 4 people looking after us. Pesto spagetti was great at the Italian but some of the appetizers looked a bit odd (beef one looked raw). Mexican was Ok but I did not really get into it, the pork shaved off the spit was great. Palace Buffet was great for dinner with Cavier, Beef Tenderloin, gilled meat section, pasta section and Japanese stirfry section. Breakfast was good at every buffet with egg guys to make Dominican omelets.Train was great, we just rode around each day checking things out. On Dec. 1 they got almost all the Christmas lights going, they had wrapped every tree from the bottom up to 6 ft with white mini lights. Wiring was interesting so we decided not to go near puddles.Beach was white sand with blue/green water, not too rough because of the reef but did have some areas of weeds.Made a few trips to the market on the beach. They are very aggresive for a sale. They start out with high prices and lot of stories how the US dollar in down so they need more money but we were able to make some deals. You have to know how much you want to pay 1st. Nothing is marked and prices are different each time. If you can't find what you want at the booth you are at they will run around and find it at another booth for you. Some days they would make the deals and others they did let us walk away. Did a bit of shopping at the 2 stores on the beach at the resort and they were lower pressure and you could still negotiate abit. Stores in the resort were way high and no negotiating. We did a trip into the town of Cortisito and it had a supermarket with great deals on coffee and rum but the main street was more like the beach vendors. Trip cost $9.00 each way so we could of saved the trip and paid a bit more on the beach but we did not know what a good deal was at the time.Casino was good a taking money away. $10.00 coupon is not much of a deal unless you wanted to play the tables and were spending a bunch of money.Tropicaismo show was great make sure you make a reservation. We watched Cats at the Palace and I enjoyed it. The other shows seemed to be audiance particaipation and did not seem to be as funny as other people thought. We missed the variety show but heard it was OK.HighlightsMet a nice couple from Waterloo. Had dinner together, went to town together and bumped into them around the resort.Did the sun too long on the 1st day without sun screen (wanted a good base) that is a real mistake. Not much suntanning the rest of the week.*** ASKED BONNIE TO MARRY ME Sunday night on the beach with an almost full moon over the Ocean **** SHE SAID YES***  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hotel is beautiful, staff and food could be improved! We went to the Barcelo Bravara Caribe resort November 28 to December 5, 2004. We booked very last minute and spur of the moment (November 24th). The hotel itself was beautiful, the grounds were kept beautiful. Manuel was one of the gardeners at the resort and worked endlessly to keep the gardens clean. He was always eager to greet guest with a wave and an hola me amiga/amigo. The rooms were very nice and the fridge was stocked every day with pop and water. But be careful, the fridge stocker would come around before the maid and take her tip. We left a $5 tip for the maid on the first day, when I came back to the room in the mid afternoon, the fridge was stocked and the $5 tip (that was on the bed with a note for the maid) was gone and a $1 bill was in it's place. We found the maid and tipped her directly for the rest of the trip. The air conditioning worked very well and most nights we had to turn it off. There was a little lizard outside our room every evening at dinner time. He was very cute and I named him my little friend. The only food worth eating was at the steak house, the steak, lamb and hamburgers are excellent. Be careful eating at the buffet the food was usually undercooked. I had a hamburger at lunch on the second day there and bit into it only to discover raw meat. As well the pasta at the buffet was never fully cooked and usually served cold. If you have to choose between the italian restaurant and the buffet...choose the buffet! We went to dinner at the italian one night and walked out after the first bite, the food was not good.While there you definately have to check out the show at the casino, Tropicalissimo (or something like that). The show is included in the all inclusive package but you have to make reservations. It is a must! The shows at the caribe were awful and after the first 2 shows we skipped the rest of the shows. The host has an over powering voice and does not speak english. But the majority of the staff does not speak english and would not even attempt to try. Many of the staff would talk about the guests in spanish. The worst encounter we had was with a member of the front desk staff, we left the dico at 2 am on our last night and when to the other disco for a snack (we had been informed that was where the snacks were). When we arrived at the other dicso we were told that the chicken would cost us $4 US so we went to the front desk of the caribe to ask where the all inclusive snacks were. The clerk at the front desk replied to my husband with a derogatory comment that I am choosing not to repeat in this forum, and then refused to give us his name. Eventually I tracked down his name and the next day we waited all day for the manager to come so we could discuss the problem with him. He was supposed to arrive at 9 am, and then we were told 12, then we were told 3pm and then we were told that he might make it before we left for the airport at 6 pm. He did finally arrive shortly after 5 and we were able to air our concerns about our treatment.When we booked we were promised bracelets to the Palace (5*) resort on the complex. Unfortunately when we arrived we were told that the offer was no longer valid. Both the staff at the resort and the tour rep for Sunquest tried to say that it was our travel agents fault that the promise was made. Our travel agent is our very good friend and she was on the trip with us, so she quickly produced the printoff from the booking screen along with the phone number and name of the representative she spoke to at Sunquest before we left. Both of which confirmed the 5* bracelets. There were 2 other travel agents staying at the resort at the same time we were, and they along with several other people were promised the same bracelets. One of the travel agents was told on her check out that she had been entitled to VIP treatment during her stay and should have had the bracelets for the 5*, a bottle of rum in her room and fresh flowers everyday. Great thing to be told as you are leaving for the airport! After the 2nd day there the rep for Sunquest never showed at the resort again. We waited to book tours and were unable to because the rep did not show. I understand that isn't the hotels fault though, just a word of caution if you are going to travel with sunquest tours. The weather was great while we were there, it rained a few times, but usually during our evening siesta and usually it didn't last longer then 10 minutes. Often it would rain when the sun was shining! There were very few bugs at the hotel, I saw a huge roach on the first night, but after that it was a relatively bug free experience. I don't think I saw 1 mosquito the whole time I was there. Unfortunately the beach wasn't that clean, and there was a lot of sea weed.Don't buy anything at the hotel, it is very expensive ($8 US) for Pringles. There is a market down the beach, but the vendors are very aggressive.We spent a lot of time around the pool, but were disappointed to find that the waitresses around the pool would only serve those in the cabana, and no one cleaned up around the pool. There was a group of people from Dominica there and they made an AWFUL mess around the pool, food, cups etc and the mess wasnt' cleaned up. It sat like that the whole day. Not a pretty site for those new to the hotel.When we got to the resort I wanted to be able to come back and write an amazing review...unfortunately I am unable to do that. We have travelled to many different countries and stayed at many all inclusive hotels, this just seemed to be the vacation that everything went wrong. We didn't let any of the bad stuff ruin our vacation, either way we still had a great time, I just wanted to warn anyone that was considering staying there to maybe think twice. While there I recommend the Bavaro runners jeep tour, ask for mimi to be your tour guide, he was awsome! Also take a half hour and try out the mini putt, it was a lot of fun!Hopefully no one will have to visit the medical centre while they are there, but if they do rest assured that the doctors are amazing and are fluent in English and very knowledgeable. If only the rest of the staff were like them....  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ceally_Kay
<Content>Windy time at a very Fine Beach There were four in our little group; one being my 3 year old granddaughter who spent Nov 12 - 19th in the D.R.We booked within 2 weeks of our leaving and were assigned to stay at the Caribe. Throughout the resort complex there was alot of construction going on; many roofs torn off as a result of the hurricanes. The work crew started about 7 a.m. and we could see them working on into the night after dark. We suspect they were working hard to get the hotel ready for Christmas. One could find this a little annoying if you were trying to catch an afternoon nap but other than noise you were not bothered by the construction going on. November is a windy time of year in the Caribbean and due to a tropical depression the previous week this made for an even windier time. There were days when dark clouds scattered rain on us but they quickly passed by and we continued on at the pool. Most days it was too rough and windy to spend alot of time at the beach; until our last day the wind calmed and everyone flocked to the beach. This is a great beach for walking as there are miles of soft, fine, white sand. And when the wind is calm the ocean is smoother and you can enjoy some swimming and other water sports.The pool is not heated so be prepared for it to be cold. On the very windy days I could not get myself in the pool because the water and the air were both cold/cool. (It is that time of year - fall/winter and for the evening a light sweater is good). I found the best time was to be at the pool just after the sun was up. It seemed to be calmer and if you want your favorite spot you had better get your towels and chairs at that time. We had no problems leaving our stuff at the pool and going about the resort, returning from time to time. My grand daughter simply loved the water, whether it was cold or not. For the youngsters there is a play ground beside the kids activity centre with very enthusiastic staff to care for them. The Resort: This resort is quite old. Athough Barcello took it over in the late 80's early 90's, it put me in mind of when I travelled to the Caribbean in the 70's, the rooms are that dated. They are not as spacious as some of the other resorts we've been too; furniture, beds and bedding; plumbing fixtures, could do with an update. The staff do a very good job of keeping the rooms, hallways and poolside clean. It always suprises me how messy some people become on their vacation; littering all about.One interesting feature we noted that is in the enclosed water closet there is an open ventalation system above the toilet, between rooms. We were wondering were the funky smells came from !!Food: We did not want for anything. I would think even the pickiest of eaters could find something they liked. Lots of fresh fruits, salads and baked bread, buns and deserts to go with our cafe con leche. There were meat dishes - fish, chicken, pork, beef - whatever your preference. My favorite was the pick your own to be grilled and added to your fav. pasta and/or veggies. There are many choices of buffet or a l'carte to choose from plus the pizza is very delicious at any time. There are many drinks to choose from and plenty of water and juice for those who do not drink, like myself. Bar also serves tea, coffee and cappucinos. Seems funny but by the time the sun was going down you need something to warm up with.The Resort: Quite lovely grounds and gardens with many walking paths leading from one area of the resort to the other. The train was always there to take you around if you didn't feel like walking. Some of the wild life included peacocks and the Flamingo at the Casino. There is so much to see and so many activities, that you can do as much or as little as you like.Markets: We found that most of the vendors at the resort and the off-resort market up the beach were extremely expensive and few items had a price tag on them. It appeared that the price would depend on the mood of the vendor and perhaps how they perceived you. I doubt that the merchandise was even locally produced. At other locations (and this includes the D.R.) you could watch the local artisans producing the work. To us they were trying to sell cheap imitations at a very large profit.Day/Evening entertainment: We opt out of participating in these but there is lots going on. We heard the discos and the night show at the Casino, were quite fun.This is an enjoyable and beautiful resort to relax. The outdated rooms will not deter you. We had no problems with bugs; burns (use lots of sun screen) or being sick. (Except for the 2 other adults I was with, who I think overdid the cervsa and food one evening.) The majority of visitors are from Europe - England,Germany, Canada and the U.S. And although Spanish is the main language if you know a little Spanish it will go a long way. We brought school supplies with us which we were able to drop off with our tour rep. who forwarded them onto the local schools. Also, left little gifts for cleaning staff every day or two. Our complaint is the banking system - that some of the front desk staff had difficulty to change our American money to $1. (and we were only asking for small amounts and which they actually did have the change available.) As well, some vendors would say they had no change so pick something else to buy. So if you plan on tipping bring lots of your own $1. and stay away from the vendors; some of them are very aggressive. Relax and Enjoy.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxed and Satisfied My husband and I made our airline, transfer and hotel reservations through Travelocity with no problems. We were in Punta Cana from Nov 12 鈥?Nov 19, 2004.Once we arrived in Punta Cana and were on the bus traveling to the Barcelo Villas Bavaro resort, we were told by the Prieto tours rep that our reservations had been changed to the Barcelo Bavaro Beach resort. No explanation was given. Once we arrived at Barcelo Bavaro Beach, we learned that we actually were booked at the Barcelo Bavaro Caribe next door. The owner of the Barcelo Villas/Village/Ocean resort also owns the Barcelo Bavaro Palace/Beach/Caribe/Casino/Golf resorts. To compensate for the hotel changes, we were given a 鈥榩remium Palace鈥?bracelet for full food privileges at all of the restaurants at any of the eateries in the 5 hotel resort. There were several blocks of buildings at these resorts that were being either repaired or renovated.Let me respond to some of the negative reviews that I have seen regarding this resort. Being American, we were clearly outnumbered by tourists from Europe, South America and Canada. There were a few small language problems. But we were always met with a smile and the staff was very friendly. The room was clean and comfortable, with the water, soda and beer restocked daily in the mini-bar. We had clean sheets, towels and face cloths every day, and also received a daily English newspaper. The room and pillows did have a stall smell though, but I had brought a Yankee Candle air freshener and that helped, as did leaving the slider open all night for fresh breezes The air conditioning worked fine (although was not always needed) and there was plenty of hot water, even at peak hours. My husband did have to get up early to reserve chairs by the pool, but chairs and shade were plentiful on the beach. Staff members were there to round up participates for volleyball, water polo, soccer, dance lessons, etc. and local park reps walked around with parrots, snakes and monkeys to offer photo opportunities. The food was OK and there were plenty of choices between the buffets and Italian, Steakhouse, Seafood and Mexican restaurants. I did suffer some 鈥榠ntestinal distress鈥?but can鈥檛 pinpoint the cause. We never had more than a 2 minute wait at any bar and the bartenders did not skimp on the top shelf rum whether we tipped or not with each drink order. Each hotel had a nightly show with semi professional dancers or a variety show with tourists supplying the fun. Some were entertaining, some were not. And finally, we did not see a single bug all week either in our room, on the beach or anywhere else.There are plenty of gift shops at the resort, but the prices are outrageous. My husband was about to purchase two small Snickers candy bars, but put them back when the cost as $10. And there is no Diet Coke anywhere in the country. CocaCola Lite is not the same as Diet Coke.We went to Punta Cana to relax, and so we did not go on any excursions outside of the resort.There were a few things that disappointed us, but these were not the fault of the resort. There was a constant 20 knot wind blowing all day and all night, for 8 days. The wind was strong enough to blow sand and this made it a little uncomfortable but not impossible to sit at the beach or to snorkel. Also, the first 50-75 feet of water at the beach were murky and not the crystal clean water shown in pictures. Apparently some local waterway had broken through barriers about a mile down the beach from our resort and was spilling into the ocean. We decided to swim in the pool instead of the ocean. Had we known about the condition of the water, we would have changed our reservations.We would consider returning to this resort but will pay closer attention to the tradewinds and ocean quality next time we travel.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>read if you've never been to DR I have read many reviews and did my homework before booking my trip to the Dominican Republic. The single most important thing to prepare for if you have never been there is that it isn't going to compare to other caribbean islands. It is a third world country and you pay for what you get. Your best options are to pick resorts with a lot of options. Barcelo was good for this because you could go to all five hotels and use their facilities. The food was ok, but if you are a vegetarian an all-inclusive in DR aren't a good idea. The beach was absolutley amazing. I spent most of my trip on the beach and it made the trip worth while. They have a golf course but if your package doesn't include it it is a rip off. The cheapest sleeve of balls was $12 and they were crappy golf balls. In total it cost about $137 for nine holes for 2 people renting clubs and the course isn't that nice. Trust me here, I play a lot of golf. Overall, this place is a good choice for the Dominican Republic.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wilber305
<Content>Not Bad - Fun, but there are better choices I have been to other all-inclusive (Sandals Jamaica and Allegro Turks and Caicos) which I like better. However, you cant go wrong with an AI in the Caribbean 鈥?we had a good time. I speak fluent Spanish which helps. I think for non-Spanish speakers they may have a better time in an in-inclusive in an English speaking country like Jamaica, Turks, etc. Not that many Americans at this resort, lots of Italians, Spaniards, Cubans from Miami and Latin Americans. The food was very varied, lots of choices of restaurants - I just didn鈥檛 like most of it - but I could always find something - so lots of steak and lobster for me. I don鈥檛 know why people recommend the Saona Island tour so much - I thought it was a rip-off. Long bus trip, then long boat trip to then just go to a beach on the island that is not that great.I Highly recommend the Jurassic Park tour. That was the best of the entire trip. You go horse back riding, you go to a farm. You cross a swinging bridge over a river, You swim in a river and swing like Tarzan from a rope. You visit the country side and the mountains. Then they take you to a very gorgeous, beautiful beach (in Macao). Rigo, our guide was great. You learn alot about the country, etc. Free open bar the whole trip. This tour is awesome. Lots of fun.Take the little train shuttle to the Golf resort and play the free mini golf in the early evening. The people are all very nice 鈥?lots of smiles.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will be going again! Got back a week ago and we are wishing we were there now! We stayed at the Caribe and had a ball. There wasn't many English visitors there but everyone is so friendly anyway. The beach is beautiful and cleaned daily. The cleaners in the rooms are great with you if you leave them a small tip each day. We enjoyed going to the pool bar at the caribe as the staff are so easy to get on with. Went on a few trips - I found the best one to be Saona Island and would recomend it to anyone. Have a go of the mini golf one afternoon if your getting a bit tired of the beach. Overall, food super (the italian take out pizzas are the best!) staff really friendly (where do they get all that energy from?!) weather hot (was a bit windy but that helped cool you down!) rooms adequate. Basically go and find out yourself you won't regret it!   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyable! My wife  I are in our mid 30's, and this was our first all inclusive experience. I will tell it how it was, both positives  negatives.Hotel: The Caribe, pool,  grounds is better than the others (except the Palace 5*). We had problems with our door lock, safe, and where they put us. When we first arrived, they put us in the beach hotel (room far removed from everywhere). The next day requested a move to the Caribe  moved to the main level 50 metres from the pool, 20 metres from the beach. Maids cleaned  mopped the floors daily. Somtimes though, they cleaned the deck,  mosquitoes got into the room. The worst hotel experience happened to my wife. We were having a siesta, and my wife woke up screaming. A crab, the size of an egg, ended up on my wife's pillow snapping his claws while my wife slept. She awoke, I tossed the crab outside. We moved to a 2nd floor room the next day. As far as I can tell, the crab must have crawled under our door from the beach. The batteries from the door lock  safe occasionally went dead, and we at times found ourselves locked out of our room  safe at times during our stay. In summary, the rooms were older but clean. The rooms were probably the least desirable part of our trip.Food: Great! Itallian, Mexican, Beff Steakhouse,  there is a seafood lunch restaurant on the beach of Caribe. All great places to eat! Buffet restaurants (several) were good too. Overall, the food was fantastic, though it often did not agree with me. I felt bloated  had an upset stomach. The final day, I only ate toast, jam,  bananas.Grounds:Beautiful - endless beach - walk forever it seemed -north and east up the beach. Pools are nice. The pool at the Palace is the best, and there is less people. Chairs are always available.Shopping at the flea markets was sensational. I'm not a shopper, although I was during my trip. North east past the Palace along the beach is the flea market. The hotel guide says if you don't find them, they will find you. The # 7 jewelry booth was our favourite (if after jewelry). Antonio was the greatest guy. Raffael is nice too.There are also excursions (day-trips) that range from $50.00 to $85.00 U.S. funds. We went on the Isle Saona trip. This was the highlight! If we went again, we would have gone on several of these excursions. Well worth the money, as they are a lifelong memory. Canadian money can be exchanges to pesos, U.S. funds to pesos, but not Canadian funds to US funds. Exchange can be made at the front desk at a reasonable rate, although the best would be to complete all money exchange before you get to your holiday destination. Nightlife had nightly shows in all hotels, are all similar however, and we got tired of them.The people there are wonderful. Treat them nice. They always treated us nice.Finally, an overall rating (out of 5)Hotel rooms 3.0Food 3.5Grounds 4.5Native People 5.0Overall 4.0Would we go back to Dominican Republic? Yes. However, we would first look at other areas (Hawaii) to vacation. We would also choose other alternatives other than all inclusive. It seemed the food (developing country  all) was difficult to get used to (maybe too rich, though very delicious).Hope this helps all that visit the Dominican Republic  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Four Stars My husband and I just returned from a week stay at the Caribe part of the Barcelo Bravero Beach Resort. The beach there is beautiful and the pool is nice enough although not really four star quality. The room was large but rather dated with a nice patio looking down on the pool and beach area. The one thing I was totally unprepared for was all the topless women who were everywhere. We have stayed at The Ciboney in Jamaica and been to several islands in the Carib on a WindJammer Cruise and knew there would be some topless sunbathers on the beach but at Bravero they are everywhere. I would have been more comfortable if they had had a separate nude beach but not allowed it all over the pool area and the beach.   
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect weather nice resort! My husband and I stayed at this resort 4/17-4/24. The weather couldn't have been better! We had a great time. The resort grounds were absolutely beautiful so tropical and lush, perfectly landscaped. We choose the all-inclusive plan so you must wear a plastic bracelet all of your vacation which was no big deal. The rooms are modest but are kept very clean! We liked our balcony with a view of the pool and ocean. The airconditioner worked very well and kept our room cool and comfortable. We always left tips for the maid and also in-side the mini-bar which was filled daily with soda beer and water. We always brushed our teeth with the bottled water just in-case. Please bring with you everything you need because things are very expensive in the hotel store! Also reapply sunscreen very often. We were badly burned the first day and had to buy some aloe cool gel in the hotel store and they charged us $20 for a six dollar item in the states. There is shampoo,conditoner and soap in a dispenser in the shower but the quality is poor. The food is different then we were used to but we were always able to find something to eat. We would recommend the mexican restaurant,the steak house and the steak house pizza takeout. The margaritas in the mexican restaurant and the quesidillas are awesome! The bartenders at the little bars by the beach were the friendliest. Also the pool bar in the casino was our favorite bartender and also they have the best buffet. We defintely were the minority being from America but everyone seemed friendly. Yes there are many topless women but after the initial shock you have seen one you have seen them all. We did not try an excursion since we found plenty to do at the resorts. If you walk past the Barcelo rsort you will be bothered about time shares. There are people on the resort giving massages and braids but they don't hassle you. We were asked two or three times but once you say no they leave you alone. all-in-all we would rate this hotl a four star and we would return again. We perferred the atmosphere of the caribe over the beach resort. The pool was huge and never crowded. There were plenty of chairs on the beach where we spent most of our time. Go to this resort with confidence you won't be sorry!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Beautiful!!!!! My husband, 8 year old sin and I stayed at the Caribe 4/7 - 4/14. We are loyal cruiseship vacationers but this trip we decided to try the all inclusive and are completely satisfied. We booked the charter vacation and everything went smoothly. We were greeted at the airport and transferred directly to the hotel. There was some confusion as to which resort we were staying at. All my documents said Barcelo Bavaro Beach and Caribe, and our tranfers had Barcelo Bavaro Beach. We were dropped off at the Beach and were told we had the reservations for the Caribe. ( I had no idea they were two different hotels) The two hotels are right next to each other and just a 2 minute walk from lobby to lobby, but make sure when you are booking you are reserving the right hotel. Our rep also said that they are in the process of combining the two hotels which might make things a bit more confusing. During our stay, we did go to all the other resorts The Palace, Golf, Casino , and Beach. All very beautiful and easy to get to. We also did the Aquatic tour (speed boats and snorkels) which was great. This was my sons first time snorkeling, and our guide Raul was very patient and helpful getting him used to the equipment. We also went horse backriding. I recommend wearing long pants for this excursion. The sites were beautiful and relaxing. The horses took us through the golf course, the jungle and along the beach. I expected it to be very warm and hot, but it was actually cool and relaxing. The beach is turquise blue and absolutley beautiful. On most days we did not get to the beach until 1 or 2 pm. With our son we did not want to be in the high noon sun. The down fall with this is that most of the beach chairs were already taken. We did manage to find some abandoned ones, but it took time to look for them and drag them to our site. The beach is calm, with no large waves. We felt safe having my son play in the water. If you don't want to stay in direct sun, the beach is lined with palm trees which allows for many shady spots. My husband and I also got massages right on the beach in a little hut. It costs $20 for 30 minutes and very relaxing. The beach towels were unavailable later in the afternoon. I advise getting them early. We also spent $20 on a inflatable raft and $10 on a bucket and pail. If you have one bring it. If your going to do water sports, buy an underwater camera and pack it with you. Its way to expensive. OFF bug spray is a must. Those mosquiteos come out at night and since most of the restauraunts and theaters are outdoors, you will get bitten. Bring an anti itch cream too, We spent $12 at the gift shop for some caladryl that was definetly needed. The staff are friendly and helpful they make you feel very comfortable. As far as making purchases, if at all possible stay away from bringing large denomination bills. When you use them to pay for merchandise, they give you peso's back. If you don't plan on spending it, your stuck taking it home because The hotels won't change them back to dollars. Be cautious of the LOCAL vendors on the beach, they will try to rip you off and may give you fake merchandise. My son wanted a shell necklace, and the guy was charging us $18. He refused to pay so much and the vendor wouldn't go lower than $10. When we went to the Plaza Dominicana (on the Barcelo Property) I found a similiar necklace for $7. We also took advantage of the all inclusive services. The nonmotorized water sports are readily available, Bars are ready to serve you with drinks, and food was easily accessible with variety especailly for a picky 8 year old. We all had an incredibly fun and relaxing time  
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mother-of-3-boys
<Content>Great Family Vacation Best Family Vacation we've ever had! We stayed at the Barcelo Bavaro Beach Resort during spring break from April 3rd to April 9th. Our boys 15, 12 and 11 had plenty to do and were never bored. We purchased wind surfing lessons for them which was a great deal. The instructor spent half the day in the water teaching the kids. Once they learned how to do it, they were able to use the sail boards when ever they wanted free of charge.The food reminded me of cruise ship food. It was satisfactory with some meals being better than others. The greatest thing about the food was I never had to worry about feeding my kids. They ate when they felt like eating and everyone found something they liked. Although the travel agent said not to tip, I think we got much better service when we left a dollar here and there.My 12 year old son made the mistake of brushing his teeth with the tap water and did get sick. Fortunately, there is a health clinic at the resort. The two young beautiful doctors were very kind and took excellent care of him. Our bill for the visit plus medications came close to about $200. After about 1 1/2 days he was able to enjoy the remainder of the vacation.I think the biggest eye openner and entertainment for my three American boys were the number of topless women walking along the beach. Actually, there was a small percentage of topless women, but it will probably be their greatest memory and the one they will talk about back at school.The beach was beautiful and the weather was perfect. It was also fun to sit by the pool and listen to live music and have drinks under the shade. I felt it was a safe atmosphere for the kids and very relaxing for the adults. I want to go back!!!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was Okay..... I spent one week in the Dominican Republic with my family for march break vacation. There were 9 of us. I have been to the Dominican 6 times in different parts of the island and I do have to say this. Punta Cana is my favorite. I also have to say this. This is my second time and the Barcelo Bavaro Beach and Caribe hotel and my experience was not the same as my past vacation. We were put into the 600 building, the Caribe, and I must say that the rooms could use some renovations. Other than that, I can't really complain. The weather was beatiful, the beach gorgeous, and the pools large and lots of fun. The food was not too bad, not great but like I said I have visited the D.R. many times so I knew what to expect. As you have probably read, there you can eat and play at al the hotels with the exception of the palace. For $20.00 U.S. you can eat tat the Chez Palace at the palace hotel and order anything off the menu. Drinks extra. That was worth the $20.00. There is a little choo-choo train that runs all day and night every 15 mntes to take you all over the resort, which is handy because sometimes i trains at night so if you want to go to a show or dinner at another hotel on the resort, you dont get wet. With the exception of the run down rooms in the 600 buildings, (The Caribe), the vacation was wonderful. I did check out the rooms at the palace, and they seem alot fresher and newer. All in all it was a good time! (good times, good times...)  
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best time of my life I went to this resort in february 2004, for 1 week which wan't long enough, but I had a great experience, all the dominican people were EXTRA friendly while you were there you were treated like a queen or king. The property was excellent very clean, and orginazed. The rooms were very very clean and ready when we got there at 10am which was very convient, even though the people couldn't speak english very well they still were very kind and help full for what ever your need were.A nother thing I recomend is an excursion, The Monster Truck Safari was the highlight of my trip, your in this hugh monster truck and you go to the local villages and see how the dominican people live and the open bar was a bonus, I total recommend this resort to everyone.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great times I visited the Caribe from March 7th tot he 14th. It was excellent!! The place itself is beautiful- the beach, the gardens and the overall lay out. Here are a few things to note: I'm 24 and wasn't necessarily looking to party- which was good. There is a disco and the nightly shows, which are entertaining, but most nights people are quiet. (the disco played very current american music). Basically, don't go there if your looking to hook up and party all week. Best restaurants in my opinion? Beach Buffet, La Uva for lunch (my favorite- excellent service. try the fried squid and homemade croquettes), and the steak house. Best pizza is by the steak house as well (good fries). We went on the James Bond trip (little speed boats and snorkling). Very fun and worth it. The bad side? It is true that the rooms aren't excellent, although clean and decent. The people do speak mostly spanish. We had this one bar tender at the Casino beach bar be extremely rude to us and made fun of us in front of everyone. But mostly, a smile goes a long way and it isn't even necessary to tip. (Although it helps). Overall, I plan on going back next year.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Resort We stayed at the Barcello Bavaro Caribe from March 7th to 14th, 2004.First off, the Punta Cana airport is great, basically on big grass hut.Our Signature vacations Rep led us to our bus and we headed of. The Barcello is one of the closest resorts to the airport, which is nice. When we arrived, there was some confusion over whether we were staying at the Beach Hotel or Caribe. Unfortunately the Signature Vacations rep wasn't there at the hotel. We got dropped off at the Caribe so that's where we ended up. Overall, I think the Caribe (which used to be called The Garden, is just as nice or nicer than the Beach Hotel. It has a great garden and it's a little quiter than the Beach hotel, but both the Beach and Caribe Hotels are the same distance from the beach and the views are basically the same.We felt that the food at the Buffets and restaurants were very good, the Mexican and Steak House were excellent, the Italian was mediocre at best. The buffets were good, great breakfeasts with fruit smoothies, and omletes made to your liking. We fellt the Casino buffet was the best and they made pasta and stir fry for you there. The pasta seemed better at the Casino buffet than at the Italian Restraurant. The seafood restaurant was very good, especially the shrimp and make sure to try the lobster at the Steak House, which is only served at lunch time. THe pizza seemed better at the Steak House take out.The drinks were good, but if you speak Spanish you may be able to better explain exactly what you want (mucho rum or pequeno rum). We took a Spanish dictionary to help us. Most of the staff don't speak much english. We liked the beer, fruit smoothies with rum and Pina Colada's with rum. You mini bar is stocked daily with Beer, Water and Pop. If you see the guy filling up the mini bars he will give you as much as you want. One thing though, the wine is terrible, almost not drinkable. If you want, you can buy bottles of wine from $5 to about $30 at the restaurants. Victor is a great bartender at the Beach Bar.The beach is great, lots of beautiful sand and topless women. The water is warm and relatively calm. We felt there were plenty of chairs, only a few chairs at the pool had towels on them (reserved) early, otherwise it was no problem. Since the Caribe is part of 5 hotels you can walk along way, the grounds are beautiful. You can also get around using the train.Other than the beach though, the extras are expensive if you want to para sail, etc.. but I guess that's to be expected.There are some good bargains to be found at the market, which you can walk to in 15 minutes. Be prepared to haggle and be hassled.The entertainment is fun, but you better like music and dance shows because that's what most of the nightly shows are. Get a list of the daily shows at your Hotel lobby. You can also practice dancing and fitness around lunch time.We went on an Outback Safari tour for $75 US. It was well worth the money. Our guide Luis was excellent. You get to see some culture and have some fun in the process.Overall the Caribe or Beach Hotels are truly 4 star. The Casino and Golf Hotels are a little too far from the beach so I wouldn't stay there unless you had too. If you stay at the Palace, you get more choice of restaurants but I'm not sure it's worth much more than a few hundred per person.Overall, we had a great trip and we would go back the the Barcello Bavaro Beach  Caribe.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>1st time experience with all inclusive I was going to write as soon as we got home, but kept forgetting... This was the first time me and my husband had ever gone all inclusive.... this was our 2nd honeymoon... it was fabulous... I must admit we felt a bit overwhelmed our first day tyring to orient ourselves with the idea of just walking up to the bar and ordering a drink without paying ( we did tip!!) This resort was beautiful and I would recommend to anyone!!!! the staff were very friendly and very helpful, always smiling. we enjoyed the steak house but the mexican was a bit disappointing.. the Pizzeria attached to the steak house was great, we had many a lunch there during the week. We had an ocean front room that was very clean and the mini fridge re-stocked every day with pop, water and beer. By the time we returned to our room around 4 or 5pm, the room and had been cleaned and the mini fridge re- stocked!! (we left a couple of us dollars on the bed every morning). This was our first all inclusive and we cannot wait to take the kids back!!!!We booked this trip at last minute and were not disappointed!!!! it was rated a 4 star and it was definately that!!!! ratings: food 4/5 room: 5/5 beach:5/5 pools: 5/5 casino: 4/5. we met up with a group of people from the U.S. on our second last day and what a blast we had!!! they were travelling with their tour guide ..who took care of us right out in the ocean..(if any of you are reading this. thanks for delivering the drinks! I'm sorry I forget your names..but we had a great day with all of you... enjoy your next trip to Costa Rica.... the only time we ever felt uncomfortable was at the flea market just down the beach. As soon as you walk in you feel pressured. Just be firm, and make sure to barter!!!! all in all it was a wonderful holiday and we cannot wait to go back!!!! OLA!!! ps. if you have young children, 10 and under the entertainment staff were just wonderful with them!!! the kids all seemed to have a great time with lots to do...even the Tuesday which rained all day!!! (we made lots of friends at the pool side bar)  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Living I have to admit that I was very nervous about what place I had booked for my husband and our best friends, after reading all the bad reviews on this site...Well I don't know what other people expect but we were all thrilled with the Caribe hotel as well as all the other places in the complex..You would never get the service here in Ontario unless you were a millionaire....we found dollar tips and a nice smile went miles with all the staff. Also I am a terrible food person and I really don't eat much but I found something to satisfy my pickiness at every buffet and restaurant. Then there is the beach itself...so beautiful and if you didn't like your room...just sleep out there. Just to spend the days on the beach and in the warm ocean water was enough for me....it was worth every penny...I would go back today  
<Date>Mar 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't believe the bad stuff!!!  Before leaving on my trip I come on this site and read all the reviews they kinda got me thinking as to why I booked this resort. Sooo I thought lets see what happens I am sure it will be ok. Well the resort was awesome and I am a pretty picky person when it comes to traveling and accomidations. I speak Spanish and Italian so it made things easier since I could communicate but the person I traveled with made an effort to speak english slowly etc and she got along fine. The rooms are just a basic room with everything you need to sleep in since you spend no time in it anyway. The pool was nice, the beach was excellent and so was the bar on the beach where the bartender gave us excellent service. The bar at the pool also was great we made some great friends. The maids were awesome as we brought money and lots of gifts for them. Our room was always spotless, clothes hung etc. We also tiped all staff that was giving us service and at the end of our trip I gave them all a gift. The buffets were not bad at all they had allot of choice and everything was fresh, my favorite was the beach buffet. When it came to restuarants I enjoyed the La Uva, and also La Cana ( mexican restuarant). Both restuarants had great staff and the food was excellent. I can help you more indepth if you have questions but let me tell you this resort is great!!!! I would go back in a heartbeat and probably will next year!!!! So to all who had something bad to say about he language, the food, etc you might consider staying home since when in Rome do as the Romans do!!!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise on earth Four of us stayed at the Caribe resort from February 15 to 22, 2004. I would recommend this resort to anyone with no hesitation whatsoever. I would go back in a heartbeat. What a beautiful and peaceful place. The white sand beaches are beyond description. The beaches are exactly like the pictures. I would not have wanted to stay at any other complex except perhaps the beach resort. It is worth it to be as close to the beach as possible. If there is a downfall at all to this place, it would be the rooms. Don't get me wrong, they were very adequate and very clean and well kept daily, but I felt that they were in need of some renovations. But it certainly wasn't enough to bother me. We were only in our room to sleep. The rest of the time we were out enjoying the beautiful scenery and friendly people. The staff who work at the resort are so friendly and so quick to smile. They make life there even better. The food was good. The best place we found to eat was the buffet at the Casino resort. There was no end of almost any kind of food you wanted to eat there, and in my opinion it was all good. The mini pizzas at the Italian restaurant and the Steak House were really tasty. All in all, I would give this resort a big thumbs up. I don't understand how anyone could not enjoy themselves thoroughly here.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>bogus reviews? Are the really glowing reviews phoney? bogus? fake? You have to wonder when some are so positive and glowing after quite a negative review. I thought the positive reviews were so detailed, they must be real. But staff or travel agents might know these details. Let the buyer beware. My experiences were more negative. We were there in November - frequently no towels, many unfriendly or at least indifferent staff. Food was mediocre - desserts were pretty good though. Got some kind of stomach virus - wrecked the last half of the vacation. Beach was nice. Las Vegas-style show as good - recommended.Overall, didn't feel I got the value for the dollar. I thought we had a reasonable rapport with waitresses (at the meals, not the bar staff) by our trying to use some Spanish and their trying to understand English.G.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was o.k. The hotel was o.k. but nothing special. Our room was pretty plain and when we checked in the t.v. remote didn't work, the hairdryer didn't work, the bathroom ceiling leaked, the mattress smelt of mold and the toilet didn't flush half the time. We didn't complain because they probably wouldn't have fixed it by the time we left. So we let it slide. The maid we had was excellent. Everything was stocked right up. The water and beer guy missed us 2 days in a row. The food at the buffets were pretty much the same. We found the best buffet was by the casino. The beach was very nice and they had workers come every day to rake the beach. The pool was neat but most of the bartenders were very slow, and not quite as friendly as we thought that they would be. The waitresses at the pool bar were very slow and forgot your order half the time. All in all it wasn't to bad. The weather was great, 85 and sunny all week but I think the next time we go we will try a different resort.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it We spent a wonderful week at the Bavaro beach resort. We arrived at 12:30 am and were promptly given our room. The staff were friendly, the occasional bad one, no smile etc..but overall they were all nice. The cleaning service was great in our room, fully stocked fridge everyday. Leave a dollar tip and you will get great service! We got a chair everyday on the beach. If you want to sit near the pool, highly recommended that you get there early to place your towels. The Uva Grill on the beach is great to have lunch, just walk over in your bathing suit eat, then go back to your spot. The Italian and Mexican restaurants are good. Try the coco loco drink its excellent. Make sure you bring 1 dollar bills, I noticed that it was hard to get change for leaving a tip. You don't have to leave a tip, but we did because some of the servers were great and very nice. We went on the atv excursion it cost 50 per person, it was nice, but they could have given us more time to ride the atv. Overall the experience there was nice and I would go back.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was paradise I can't believe this Resort gets any bad review. I was there for 7 days and was enchanted with the service, the neetness, the food quality and variety and the number of activities that was offered.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Drop everything go to bavaro!! We stayed at the Caribe resort in January 2004 for 2 weeks. The location is amazing what a beach, the gardens are beautiful and most of the staff very friendly. The banana bar and the staff there Martinez and Johnfy are great and good fun but they try to get you very drunk, but what the hell your on holiday after all. The food was'nt to the standard of other caribbean holidays we have been on but once you have worked out your favourite spots you wont go hungry, pizzas at the italian are excellent also the buffet at the casino is very nice. The one downside to the holiday were some americans constantly moaning about people not speaking perfect english and their hamburgers not tasting the same as back home. Once you see the beach you realise there is nothing to winge about. Go to the latino disco at the plaza dominicana way better than the bavaro discoteque the latino disco is where all the staff and some tourists go.As we said drop everything and go to bavaro beach!  
<Date>Jan 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would never go back again. The trip consisted of two of my friends my girlfriend and myself, traveling form January 17 - 24th. We checked in around 1 AM, and were received by a skeleton crew that took way too long checking us in. Lets just say after hours of traveling we did not feel as though they were happy to see us. The topper was they strap a bracelet on you that made me feel like I was going to a bar for the night. You had to keep it on all week.  The room was very basic. There were two double beds a desk with a TV on it, two chairs and a table, one end table between the beds and a semi private porch with Wal-mart style patio furniture on it. The room also comes with a safe and a refrigerator. These two items caused problems upon our arrival.  You decide whether or not I am crazy or not, but I personally didn't feel very welcomed by the fact that our refigerator was not stocked properly. There were two bottles of club soda in there. NO WATER!!!! DON'T DRINK THEIR WATER! Also we could not access our safe until the next day. Seeing as though we did not check in for ten hours after the previous vactioners checked out I would expect that they would thouroughly go over the room, and make sure that these two problems could of been taken care of.  We've made it through the worst. As for the resort itself. The beach is absolutely gorgeous. Very large but if you want to get a beach chair head down there before you go to breakfast, and put some towels down on them otherwise they will be scarce. If you are a pool goer the same applies. The pool was awesome. The depth varied from 3ft to about 10ft. The was a large island in the middle with two small bridges attaching it to the outside. The same chair strategy needs to be applied here too. If you want one get there early, and plant your towel. Before I forget.... THERE IS NO POOL BAR!!!!!  There were plenty of activites as well that are included such as Kayaking, paddle boats, aerobics, dance lessons, and beach volleyball. Activites that are there but requires more money are snorkeling, windsurfing, air tours of the beach, and water skiing. There is also scuba diving which you do not have to be certified for. You can get training and 2 dives for $125 which is well worth it in my opionion.  There are plenty of other excursions on and off the resort. Horseback riding is on the resort. The horses difinitley know hwere they are going and move as they want but it was still nice. There is Golf at the golf resort. I cant speak for that since I am not a golfer, I can say that the miniature golf is very challenging, and was enjoyed by all. We also took the four wheeler excusion which was a lot of fun. My companions went ont he Jeep Safari last year, and said that was equally as enjoyable. You will see many things for Manatee Park. Apparantly do not go. We didn't go due to all of the bad reviews we got from our travel companions who went last year, and from some other negative comments made by people who did go.  OK back to the resort. The resort is actually 5 resorts bordering eachother. Now you can go to any of them. The beach connects most of them. You need passes to eat any any resort that is not the one your staying at.  This leads to the food and service which complemented eachother perfectly. They were both bad. First of all do not fall for the number of restaurants that are on the resort. We did only to discover that there were only 7 that were included in the All Inclusive package. Three of which are buffets which were quite unpleasant. The other four were barely average. My personal recommendations would be La Una for lunch which is at the golf resort, and either the Italian restaurant at the Caribe, or the mexican restaurant at the beach resort.  As for the service... let me put it this way. Ya better speak Spanish. This may sound silly seeing as though it is a Spanish speaking country, but I would think they would have a couple of bilinguals behind the bar or as servers. Very few. So I am coming from a point of view of someone who speaks very little Spanish. When you need a drink at dinner double up because if you get them to bring a round to you, your lucky. Don't look for a second trip. Service at the bar is not anything great either but it is much easier to get a drink there. (duh)  Finally I will end at the Casino and night life. The shows are entertaining. They keep the pace with most resort shows. (ie. newlywed game, dating game etc.) The are bilingual in the fact that he repeats what he says in at least Spanish and English. Theyare very high energy and will keep you entertained. The Casino is small. The have Black Jack, Caribean Stud style Poker, Roulette and Slots. The black jack is dealt differently the n in the states giving the house a slightly larger advantage. The poker is where I spent my time when I was in there. Enjoyable but left me longing for Atlantic City and Vegas.  The Barcelo Bavaro was a learning experience. Not all All Inclusive Resorts are the same. We will continue to go more mainstream resorts from now on. We did enjoy ourselves, but we take complete and total responcibility for that.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great resort! This was that best resort I have ever been to. I go away about 2 or 3 time a year and I would have to say that I would go to this resort 10 times over! I am 24 and a friend and I went to the Bavaro Beach Caribe from January 15 to 22. The resort is so big that you will never get bored. There are people of all ages that stay at this resort. My friend and I were looking for a place where we could relax during the day at the beach and go out at night. The disco at the resort was really good they had up to date music. The disco was really big with to 2 bars and the drinks were included. The thing I find when I go away it the usually the disco is empty, but at this resort the disco got really full. I thought that the food was good, but you do have to remember that you are in the Dominican Republic. If you don't like the food there is always a pizza take-out place that is included. I found that they make the drinks really good. They can make what ever you want. The staff was really friendly and they don't bug you about doing things. The beach had to be the best part of the resort. Great resort and I will be staying here again.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place we went at easter had a great time good choice of food.. staff friendly.. beachs nice ..but better futher down..we would not go back at easter as the place is full of mosquito's.my daughter was bit at least 700 times ..was bad for a week..the gardens are very well kept..with at train that takes you round from one hotel to another..i would say yes great place .. but have seen nicer beachs in punta cana..in other hotels...  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>candiceozzie1
<Content>Cant go wrong with a Barcelo resort, great place From Winnipeg, Jan7-14, 2004Dont listen to the bad reviews of this resort it is great.We only found minor miniscule things that we decided to not ruin our vacation but you can decide if you want it to not. 1. Was that the staff seemed unhappy, at the beach, and caribe resorts. We found the best service and staff at the casino and golf bars. Nicest staff was Gerson at the casino pool bar. Otherwise the beach is amazing you can walk in either direction forever, there are no rocks in the water and they try to clean the beach dailyThe buffet seemed to have more selection at the beach hotel, but the pool is nicer at the caribe(used to be called garden) A la cartes mexican, italian and steakhouse were all great we like the steakhouse the best (not sure why others complained about it??) have the ribeye tastes jsut as good as at home. Rooms are standard, nice to have a mini bar stocked with 2 presidente beers, bottles of coke etc and water daily and nice to have a coffe maker.One note is if you walk down the beach past the palace hotel there is a little market also if you walk a little further there is a uy who offers camel rides. Overall you cant go wrong with a barcelo nice beach, nice pool, standard but still nice rooms, huge place with lots of bars, casino, disco, restaurants what more can you ask for??Oh weather was great as well, 5 mins of rain the whole week!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>just o.k.   showReview(1537861, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had the best time ever..... Well almost   showReview(1521191, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BAD experience :( (November 15th 2003, 1 week stay)   showReview(1507304, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Go There!!!   showReview(1127592, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just wasn't the same as before...   showReview(986900, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I would never go back to this hotel   showReview(909698, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall, a really good weak!!!!   showReview(909094, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value for the Dollar   showReview(852455, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cpfrank
<Content>You get what you pay for.   showReview(830022, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The Best Trip Of Our Lives!!!   showReview(645477, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BOU_9
<Content>脌 bas les moteurs   showReview(23353040, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>daniel57
<Content>tres bien   showReview(23252607, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	4	4	

<Author>lesbianca
<Content>EXELLENT HOTEL   showReview(22917676, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>carobabe
<Content>tres bien       plage  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ritaBari
<Content>ke posto ragazzi!!!!!!!!!!   showReview(20724668, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>kenya226
<Content>Las criticas llevaban razon   showReview(18831412, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	5	2	2	3	

<Author>AnDoNi_02
<Content>DISFRUTEN Y REL脕JENSE!   showReview(18779973, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>susana81
<Content>Horrible   showReview(17881395, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>1	2	-1	3	1	1	-1	3	

<Author>sylviBariloche
<Content>un desastre   showReview(17196387, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>goraio
<Content>servicio nefasto   showReview(14747876, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	1	1	1	

<Author>gsxgil
<Content>Excellent   showReview(14280195, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>soso150
<Content>Superbe plage       Les palmiers de Punta Cana  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Tiant
<Content>Mare stupendo..ma che umidit脿!   showReview(13096881, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>2	4	1	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>bulco
<Content>vacaciones nefactas y con robos.   showReview(8688762, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mimita
<Content>Buenas navidades       Hermosa playa  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>licorne
<Content>Un paradis sur terre   showReview(6925234, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>GiGiQu茅bec
<Content>Tr猫s satisfaite et je parle francais   showReview(6835601, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Super vacances!!!   showReview(5211724, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

