<Author>muneca1230
<Content>Great, Classic Hotel       View from Room 3  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ambough
<Content>Great location, adequate well-priced rooms in central Florence I stayed in a triple room at the Beacci Tornabuoni for 2 nights with friends from the US. The biggest plus is the excellent location in the historical district. It's a 5 min. walk to the Duomo, Piazza di Signoria, Uffizi Gallery  Ponte Vecchio, and only 10 min. to the main train station (taxi is about 9 euros). Tornabuoni is a major, upmarket shopping street  good local restaurants were easy to reach. Great price of 135E for a large-sized triple room in the off-season. Room 2 had no view but was fine for us. We were not expecting luxury and were rarely in the room except to sleep. Our room was clean and had plenty of space to store luggage, small fridge/minibar, small TV with mainly Italian channels  adequate bathroom with shower/tub combo  bidet. Breakfast was fine (hard-boiled eggs, breads, cheese, ham, yogurt, fresh fruits) but no custom-made items. In short, a perfect hotel if your main interest is a decent, clean place in a central location. If you want luxury, look elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>avicenas
<Content>Initial fiasco, but good ending I chose this hotel based on the overall good reviews and of course because of the great location. I was a bit hesitant because of the one bad review by a seemingly quite unlucky guest at the hotel regarding some room 28! The stay started not great when they offered us room 28! Upon mentioning the review, the hotel manager promptly switched us to room 25, which was just a couple of doors down and facing the same area, which actually ended up being a very nice partial view of the Duomo.The problem started with going to the room, which was suppossely ready and finding that the luggage of the previous guest was there and the room was still not clean. Exactly as the bad review stated. After this, I chose to chill out and hope for the best and actually (without any complains on my part to the management), we got quite close to it given that I have only paid just over 鈧?00 via an online website.The room, once cleaned was actually clean and charming. I found the hotel odd distribution to be a plus and there were plenty of nice common areas to sit down, have a coffee or simply connect to Internet via the free wifi connection (at least free for us). The staff was polite and helpful at all times.In summary:Best: Location, staff and charming and quirky layout of hotelWorst: Really, they need to work on the logistics of room cleaning before offering to new guests  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	3	4	3	

<Author>Maryland_traveler79
<Content>Wonderful hotel, wonderful staff We stayed at the Beacci Tornabuoni hotel for 3 nights at the very beginning of June. This was our first trip to Europe and we were not quite sure what to expect. Our room was huge, beautiful and very clean. The views from the rooftop terrace were priceless. We spent one evening drinking wine on the terrace and watching the sunset over Florence, it was one of the highlights of our trip. The staff was amazing and extremely helpful. The hotel has a perfect location in Florence - easy walk to all of the major sights and only a block away from the river. Couldn't have asked for a better hotel. We would love to return some day!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DC_W0rld_Traveler
<Content>Great location, helpful staff, reasonable price       The hotel room at Beacci Tornabuoni  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>katetuff71
<Content>Wonderful with first class service Stayed here for 5 days with a weding party of 11 people. I contacted the hotel direct and was impressed by their excellent help in arranging rooms for us all - their English was brilliant -We visited the hotel before our stay and they were supurb in checking the reservations, showing us around and giving advice about resaurants etc.The hotel is beautiful with a warm welcoming feel. The staff are first class and are all friendly and helpful from the chambermaids to the managers. Our room (a deluxe 305) was roomy but the traffic/ street noise is noticable (although we live in quiet area so maybe we notice it more than most.) I would suggest asking for a room at the back (or do what we did and use ear-plugs!) Our friends all seemed to have quiet rooms as they were at the back.The breakfast is very usual for European hotels - a buffet with cereals, ham, cheeses pastries etc so adequate.The location is excellent, cross the road and head straight into the Piazza della Signoria..perfect.Will be returning and would recommend to everyone.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sydney4me
<Content>Elegance with great service This hotel is a ten minute walk from the train station. it is locatedon the 4th floor and along with absolutely lovely rooms (and bathrooms) has a very comfortable lounge room, inside breakfast room, a quaint bar area and best of all a roof top garden. The staff are very helpful and friendly, the breakfast is also very adequate.Rooms on the road side can be noisy so if you are a light sleeper ask for an inside room. The hotel is no more than 15 minutes walk from any of the major sights in florence. would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MrsHappy_8
<Content>What a find! This was our third stay in Florence and we had 4* hotels before but wondered why we had paid the extra as this little gem had everything you need for a comfortable and convienient stay.We went with another couple who had not visited the city before and we were very anxious that they would enjoy it.The welcome from the staff was great - friendly and helpful and the rooms were amazing. Our friends had a small stairway from the door to the room and the biggest bed I have ever seen!Ours (both on the third foor) was slightly bigger but the bed was smaller!There was a small terrace at the end of our corridor - handy for us three smokers and the main rooftop terrace is a complete joy - an abundance of beautiful plants and great view. Breakfast on the terrace is a wonderful experience though a basic continental menu. The restaurant was being refurbished so I can't comment on that.Everwhere is well within walking distance and it is quiet at night..My advice - get in there before any updating pushes it over 3*!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>GVS27
<Content>Convenient hotel We just returned from Italy (family of four) and stayed at the Beacci Tournabuoni for six days (8/25 - 8/31). We had two rooms for the entire stay. Very nice hotel, conveniently located, great price. The entire stafff was fantastic. Easy walk to everything in Florence. IMPORTANT: Make sure you are NOT give room #32. It is right beneath the roof terrace (tile floor) and the metal chairs start sliding (very noisy in the room) around 7 AM. A few times they were moving around 3 AM. It sounds as if they are right in your room! In spite of the noise, I highly recomment this hotel to all. We enjoyed the hotel and the city and would return -- just not to Room #32!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>Sivadam
<Content>An absloute delight An absolute delight of a hotel in the centre of Florence. Having breakfast and an evening drink from the bar on the sun terrace was a real plus. The staff were extremely friendly, polite and helpful. I would recommend this hotel to anybody.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>AllanSummer08
<Content>Perfect 3 Star European Hotel       Roof top breakfast  garden  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>alfieandwendy
<Content>Perfect Honeymoon Hotel Thankyou Beacci Tornabuoni for making our honeymoon so special. The antique furniture and old fashioned decor fitted in perfectly with the beautiful renaissance city of Florence. However the bedrooms come with modern bathrooms and essentially for July/August, air-conditioning. Best of all is the floral rooftop terrace where you can breakfast on delicious fresh fruit cocktails and finish a hard days sight-seeing with drinks while watching the sunset. The hotel staff are always friendly and helpful- nothing seems too much trouble for them and they are always dressed in smart uniforms. The hotel is located among designer stores ( Tiffany's, Burberry, Armani, Versace etc) and close to the main tourist sites. Overall, this hotel was terrific value for money and we will definately be returning for an anniversary.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>croletter
<Content>Don't Do it! We booked the Tornabuoni based on the mostly positive reviews here on Tripadvisor. This site is usually right on the mark, but it failed us this time....forgive the rant that follows, but we had to get this off our chests.We were so disappointed with this hotel right from the start. It was my girlfriend's 40th birthday, and we booked this hotel 4 months in advance through Expedia. We called the hotel a week before our arrival to request an upgraded room since it was a special occasion. They said they would see what they could do..After checking in, they took us up one flight of stairs, then down another (the hotel layout is really confusing) to room 28 - This has to be the worst room in the hotel!!! It was a small, cramped, dark, room with a partial view - of the alley! It felt like a dungeon. To add to it's charm, they were kind enough to leave the dirty imprint of a former occupant's sandal on the wall (apparently someone found a solution to the hotel's massive mosquito problem!) - no 4 star hotel I have ever heard of would ever let that happen, or even provide such on awful room. It really felt like a converted janitor's closet.I was completely embarrassed that I had chosen this place for my girlfriend's 40th, so trying to make it better, we marched back to the front desk and told them there was no way we were staying in this room.We reminded the front desk that we had called and requested a nice room with a view, and the front desk clerk pointed to his hand written ledger and said he didn't see any notes on such a request, and then proceeded to look down his nose at us and said Well, you see, you are Expedia customers, and 90% of our customers book directly through our website...and blah, blah, blah - now I'm even more embarrassed! (Can't wait to write to Expedia about that).But we stuck to our guns and demanded a better room. The guy huffed and puffed and said that the hotel was really full. He said he may be able to give us a different room, but it may only be for one night, then we might have to switch rooms.Not exactly what we wanted to hear, but we figured anything would be better than Room 28, so we decided to go for it, especially since he only said we MIGHT have to move.The second room was much better, can't remember the room number. It was definitely one of the updated rooms that we read about - don't understand why they wouldn't update all of the rooms?We settled in and hoped we wouldn't have to switch rooms again because this room was acceptable.We woke up the next morning, and hadn't heard from anyone at the hotel, so we figured we were OK to stay in this room. We went off to breakfast on the terrace, and stopped by the front desk to leave our room key (This is normal, I guess older hotels don't like replacing their locks when tourists lose their keys).When we returned later that afternoon, we stopped at the desk to pick up our key, which they gave us, and we headed to our room...Shwew! Looked like we were able to keep our room! We get there, and open the door...I didn't recognize any of the luggage in the room? Uh-oh - I guess they moved us??? Good thing we're not criminals, or a couple of tourists would have been out of their belongings...anyway, off to the front desk again...The guy tells us, yes you were moved....Now I really want to lose it - we felt so violated, they had every opportunity to make us aware of that - at breakfast (they ask for your room number), when we left our key at the desk, and when we returned and they gave us the key to that room! Then of course they could've called us too!!!!!!!!We are LIVID! And to make matters worse, they put us back in Room 28!!!!! Why wouldn't they give that room to the people that had just checked in??? We asked and got no answer...and to top it off, they forgot some of our items in the other room!!!!What an embarrassment, I feel like a complete moron for ruining my girlfriends 40th birthday by booking this place.We both want nothing else but to leave this dump, but what can you do - we already paid for it. So, back to front desk we go...we tell them how incredibly disappointed we are. And they don't even offer an apology - we tell them there's no way we're staying in room 28, and they offer us yet another room...but tell us we will probably have to switch again the next day!!! I've had enough, but I left it up to my girlfriend to decide - Room 28 is so bad that she decided we should go for it.So off we go to our 3rd room - long story short, we had to move, yet again, they next day - at least this time they called us in the morning to let us know that they would take care of it while we were out on the town. We moved a total of 5 times...5 TIMES! while we were there.OK, so you get the point - sorry, but we had to get all of that out - we certainly did not get treated very well by this hotel and wanted to warn potential victims who might not want to be treated this way...We would definitely not recommend this place to anyone...but to be fair, here are our thoughts on the rest of our experience:Location:Excellent, and really the only positive thing we took out of this part of our trip - 5 minute cab ride to train station, close to all the sitesDecor  Common Areas:Really outdated throughout - a few nice areas were the reading room (only place to get internet) and the terrace. There were several areas where old pipes and equipment were stored in corners, and didn't look like they had been moved for months - a lot of the common areas were not clean, and they definitely could use a fresh coat of paint throughout. There is no logical pattern to the layout of the rooms - they are scattered in far off nooks and crannies, and can be hard to find, and it is hard to maneuver luggage and large bags.Food:Breakfast was adequate, croissants, fresh cheeses and ham, rolls, good coffee - we had read about a restaurant - but there wasn't one? You could eat your breakfast on the terrace which was nice.Rooms:Hit or miss - we got to experience 4 of them during our 4 night stay!!!! Some are updated, some not...some are REALLY small, others acceptable. All in all, you can do better for the money.To sum it up, even if we weren't forced to bounce around from room to room, we would not recommend this hotel. It is not worth the extra cash you will spend. There are many hotels in great locations nearby that are less expensive, and will hopefully treat you better. And definitely don't book this place through Expedia!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	1	1	1	

<Author>NiceNYer
<Content>Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie       Lounge with decor typical of all rooms.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>liyak
<Content>nice enough hotel in great location - needs update We saw this hotel gloriously recommended on many sites/books so mabye our expectations were just elevated, especially compared to other well reviewed hotels we stayed at in tuscany and amalfi.While the staff was very very friendly and helpful and rooms clean and big, the furnishing and room comforts do need to be updated. While we appreciated the antique decor, having an antique , thin matress on the bed was not as well received.There was a conspicuous lack of closet hanging and drawer space. the one wardrobe they had was too narrow to accomodate a stardard hanger ( doors would not longer close and we could not hang a suit ). The bathroom was great ( two sinks!)...BUT the shower head looked like it was from the 80's, and worked well enough to fall into that category.The biggest disspointment for us though was the included breakfast at the hotel. As spectacular as the terrace was, the breakfast quality and choice totally negated that. We ate there our first morning ( stale croissants, cold coffee, limited fruit selection ), and from then on just down the street to the Cavalli cafe which was excellent.In summary they just need to invest a bit on improving the quality of breakfast and the in-room facilities .  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MikeLondonUK
<Content>Great location  We stayed at this hotel in May with two friends. Other reviews on Trip Advisor are all very positive and generally I agree with them, especially with respect to the friendliness of the staff. The hotel is in a great location, in a lovely building and very clean. We were not in one of the better rooms, we were on the side of the hotel which was extremely noisy (we had to have the windows open because there was no air conditioning), there was no dressing table, very limited drawer space and I did have misgivings about the means of escape. That said, we still enjoyed our stay and our friends room was twice as big, with air conditioning and near a staircase. We would return to this hotel but we would make sure we got a better room. The hotel restaurant was closed during our stay but that was no problem. We were recommended a really great restaurant about 15 minutes walk along the river - Trattoria Del Fagioli - which we visited twice. Get the hotel to book for you because it is very popular, especially with the locals. The menu is not in English but do not worry, the staff speak English, are very friendly and enthusiastic with their recommendations, the food and Chianti is exceptional and the price very reasonable. Florence is a great place, we stayed for 5 nights at the Tornabuoni Beacci, and there is plenty to keep you occupied and spend your money on. We went to the market area and returned with five new leather jackets between three of us (my wife brought two so all I got were two belts). If you want a day out, Lucca is well worth a visit (just over an hour on the train) and the hotel were very helpful with travel details and train times. Another good holiday, we travelled with Kirker who provided excellent service and an extremely useful guide book.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Maria&Mike
<Content>A great and glam place to stay My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Beacci in May as part of our honeymoon in Tuscany. On arrival, we were given a warm welcome with a bottle of Spumante to drink on their lovely roof terrance which looked out over the spires of Florence. The service was fantastic; at breakfast (buffet), for general information, the bar and when we requested a fan one evening when the air conditioning was being serviced. The Beacci is a converted palace located very near the Arno and Ponte Vecchio in the designer shopping district, so a great location. The room was furnished with antiques, in a renaissance style but not too OTT. A word of advice if you're travelling to Florence from May onwards - stock-up on mosquito repellant and remember to draw the mesh blinds at night or you'll be eaten alive! Would most definitely recommend a stay at the Beacci.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mike_L0nd0n
<Content>Should be 4 stars at least This hotel was absolutely brilliant 鈥?I can鈥檛 understand how the tourist board only gave it 3 stars, as it was far better than most of the 4 stars I seen.We were a bit sceptical about the location (above the shops on a main road), but it didn鈥檛 cause any trouble at all. The rooms are huge for 3 stars, well laid out, and the bathroom was nice and modern. There are also lots of public rooms (lounges, bar, restaurant), and the roof terrace was perfect.The staff were brilliant. We had a chat with the general manager, and he and some of the others have been there for years. Their friendliness and service was second to none.The location was also good 鈥?5 minute walk from the main sights (Ponte Vecchio, Uffizzi, etc). The only down side is that there are so many shops, you wallet might end up a bit light!Overall I would have happily stayed here for a fortnight - they鈥檝e achieved the perfect balance of old school charm and modern convenience.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>txartlover
<Content>A Gem! This hotel is a little slice of heaven. The staff are the absolute best and was a welcome respite from the cold hotel experience in Rome. The staff is helpful and all speak good english and helped book our tours. Location is great, always clean, and perfect for our stay in Florence. The only negative was that our beds were actually cots. (not comfortable) I only wish I could bring home the sweet little ladies that served the buffet in the morning!!  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shellymj
<Content>Great location and warm , welcoming staff. We stayed at three hotels in Italy and this one was the BEST. Absolutely wonderful staff - Angleo speaks perfect English and all the staff were anxious to please guests. They clearly enjoy their own hotel.. They made you feel right at home after a long day touring. The location is in the middle of everything but just off the tourist plazas in a fancier area. The roof top terrace was a highlight. Great coffee too  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>memphistraveller214
<Content>great location The best feature of this hotel is its location. Very centrally located, and located among the best shopping. The room that we stayed in was on the 2nd floor, and was quite adequate. The room and the public areas make an effort to be truly elegant, but they only achieve a kind of faded elegance. The room was very spacious, and the bathroom was quite adequate. The location of the hotel would lead you to expect polished elegance, but it falls quite short of that. I would stay there again for the location alone. The breakfast was adequate, but it was nothing special. The staff is quite courteous and helpful.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Chubbas
<Content>Fantastic stay at the Beacci Tornabuoni We were so pleased we booked this hotel for our trip to Florence. Its such a beautiful city that you want to be able to walk everywhere and the location of the hotel is excellent (perhaps not so good for those who should stay away from designer shops as its sandwiched between Tiffany and Burberry!). Inside the hotel is just lovely - loads of 'old world' charm which befits its previous life as a palazzo. Our room (number 33) was a standard but spacious and beautifully furnished with a small balcony and great marble bathroom. The room faced away from the street and was v quiet - just what we wanted. The shutters on the window made sure it was pitch black at night too. Breakfast was plentiful, not hot but great as a continental type brekkie with cold ham and cheese, rolls etc. Staff were super helpful and friendly. Nothing too much trouble from train timetables to restaurant recommendations and bookings to directions. Overall - if you want a huge impersonal room in a huge impersonal hotel, don't stay here. Stay here if you want a charming hotel in a great location for a reasonable price.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Challenges
<Content>Wonderful place to stay My wife and I stayed at this hotel for two nights. It is on the fourth floor of a very well maintained buidling in a quiet street. The holel is very centrally located (you will never need public transportation). It is close to the train station but, unless you have very little luggage, I recommend a taxi. Upon our arrival, we were greeted by the hostes and main housekeeper. The care that was given to us was very personalized throught our stay. The room was fine. the only downfall is that the hotel regulates their own heat and my wife and I found the ambience a bit nippy. Luis  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WarsawWanderer
<Content>Florentine charm This place, as other reviewers note, is full of old-world charm, with many Florentine touches in the d茅cor. The location is excellent, near the historical and cultural centre of the city. The staff seemed especially pleasant and helpful. As we were staying 5 nights, we were offered an upgrade, to a spacious room with romantic view over the surrounding red-tiled rooftops. It was quiet, because facing away from the main street.The roof terrace, with tables and chairs, which could not be used because of the chilly weather, looked entrancing. Being old, the hotel had a few tiny irritants, such as not-quite-modern-standard plumbing and wooden floors that squeaked. But this was forgotten/forgiven given the very pleasant, somewhat hushed atmosphere of the establishment.We were surprised at how much the prices escalated on the weekend. The weekday rates (in January) were reasonable, whereas the weekend ones were not.When we were there at least, the clientele was predominantly female, many presumably in Florence to appreciate the magnificent art.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>milux
<Content>Great hotel We stayed in this hotel, for 2 nights, and i can tell it was great !the street of the hotel, is very central, and has all the fashion shops beside, in front of the Strozzi palace.we can get duomo - 8 minutes and vecchio palace, in just 3 minute walking.The staff were great- i `ve asked a quiet room, and they put us, in a very wonderful, large, quiet room- n潞 52! to get there, we get the beautiful terrace, in the top of the hotel building- very cool! To have dinner ask the staff in the reception- they gave us wonderful suggestions!( Rest. Marioni, ,just around the corner, great quality/ price).The hotel as antique furniture, very well taken care, just like an Medici Ambiace!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LBrunoVO
<Content>Affordable Gem in the heart of Florence We just got back from a lovely stay at this centrally located hotel just steps from the Ponte Vechio and all the amazing shopping. The staff was friendly and helpful, the rooms charming and clean and the value was amazing. I will be staying here again!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cachia
<Content>Perfect in every way I have just returned from five-day visit from Florence and was lucky to be staying at the exquisite Tornabuonibeacci Hotel.The position is excellent...right in the heart of old Florence..meters away from the Ponte della Trinita'. The public areas are Palacial....grand salons, exquisite antiques, lovely bar and breakfast room. Our room was a standard room, but it was 5 star...and the same goes for all the hotel. We had two huge windows with heavy damask curtains, parquet flooring, wooden beamed ceilings, antique furniture, exquisite bed and luxury bathroom with bath. Breakfast was buffet, with delicious freshly baked bread and croissants, fresh fruit salad, yoghurts, cheeses, hams, delicious capuccinos, juices, muesli etc etc.Management was very professional and friendly, with uniformed waiters and staff giving that extra touch of class.All in all, it has everything going for it...and you feel that for a few days you were a guest in an aristocratic palace on Florences classiest street. A jewel!!!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CelticLX
<Content>Beautiful and interesting This is definitely a great Hotel. With a unique charm, it鈥檚 the right place for someone looking for an atmosphere different from the usual stereotyped, thick carpeted luxurious urban business Hotel. The staff is impeccable. As it鈥檚 written in one of the guest books on display (written guest comments go back as far as the 1950鈥檚), 鈥淿 Returning to Beacci Tornabuoni it鈥檚 like returning home !鈥?  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>vptravels
<Content>No Rest for the Weary Just returned from three nights here (10/18 - 10/21) and must warn that there is construction adjacent to the hotel (a Burberry store?) and some rooms are quite noisy. Our spacious (two sinks!) accommodations faced an interior courtyard, that amplified the sound (does anyone like hearing metal being cut?). The hotel did show us other rooms, that were so much smaller, we stayed where we were. This was our last stop and we just had no energy to change hotels.The hotel was able to get us on a Vasari Corridor tour and did try to please. No adjustment was made on the bill, however.Florence was extremely crowded....the Contramoda fashion exhibit at Palazzo Strozzi was fun, very Sex in the City....loved the Museo di Storia della Scienza, behind the Uffizi on the Arno - such artistry, so fascinating - who knew??No one wanted us to go to Trattoria ZaZa, hmmmm......Went to a little place next to the Mercato Centrale, instead, that was wonderful - sorry, never did find out the name. Saved Osteria del Cinghiale Bianco for our final night. Disappointed! They open up now before 6 and have become troppo touristy! Our bistecca alla florentina was not up to par. Dante's is still our favorite pizza place.Had a very nice driver (Stefano Giusti) who drove us back to Bologna and our Eurofly flight home. Rainbows and a snow fall as we crossed the Appenines - what an exit!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	3	1	

<Author>WaldoAtlanta
<Content>Great Manager Old world elegance and luxury.Very nice Breakfast Room with a most helpful staff.Fine location within walking distance of all the sights.Rodeo Drive kind of shopping just outside the door.The best part of the experience for us was Angelo, the manager.His sense of humor, command of English and his sincere effort to be helpful were very much appreciated.A major deficit of the hotel is it's lack of computer access.There is one laptop to be loaned out.If someone hogs it, you are out of luck.Hotel staff are not versant in using the laptop or able to provide basic help in sending an e-mail, etc.Did you know the Italian keyboard doesn't have an @?You have to know which keys to use in order to get around that. And since all US email addresses have it, well...you know.A much cheaper hotel very close to this Hotel has lap tops in every room! Old World Charm is great but sometimes you have to have access to new age technology!Again, we very much enjoyed our talks with Angelo and knew that he would take good care of us at all times.Family from Atlanta  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>arteffects2
<Content>Perfetto! My husband and I arrived in Florence late one night (flight delayed from Paris) and would have been thankful for a bed of hay in a cow barn, we were so exhausted! Instead, the taxi dropped us at what is surely one of the loveliest hotels in Italy...the Beacci Tornabuoni! The night staff was cheerful and welcoming, our room was a dream (high ceilings, lovely handpainted frescoes on the walls, luxurious bath.) But best of all---the management had given our daughter a key to the room (she was living in Florence at the time) and there our girl was, waiting for us with a delicious snack of local wine and cheese! I mention this to illustrate the family nature of this wonderful place: with all the overly-paranoid security issues these days, they could easily have denied her access to our room before we arrived, but they listened sympathetically to her tale of our travel woes, and agreed to let her in. The convenient location has been praised in other reviews, and I couldn't agree more! The breakfast is plentiful, the little bar so charming (like a library in a private home! My daughter and I had a few drinks there late one lazy afternoon, and had it all to ourselves except for the unobtrusive but attentive waiter).I would never stay anywhere else in Florence!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Susancates
<Content>Tornabuoni Beacci Hotel My husband and I returned from a recent stay at Tornabuoni Beacci Hotel. We also stayed at this hotel 21 years ago for our honneymoon. Fortunately, not much has changed during the last 21 years (other than normal renovations/updates). This charming hotel has a great location and quite large rooms and bathrooms. We stayed in a room near the breakfast room. In talikng with fellow guests, we discovered that the hotel has a very spacious and well priced family suite. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Free interenet was available in sitting room. We also discovered a very good restaurant, Osteria Belle Donne. It was causal, but served very good food. It is small so plan ahead.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cosette17
<Content>Excellent hotel! All the positive reviews for this hotel turned out to be true. Good location, charming furnishings, nice staff, good, healthy breakfast etc. I really loved this hotel!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>brimar67
<Content>Hotel de charme plein centre 脿 prix (tr猫s) abordable A 15 mn 脿 pieds de la gare (avec les valises) aux 3 et 4iemes 茅tages d'un palais dans la rue des boutiques de luxe, pratiquement 脿 mi distance du Pont Vecchio et du DuomoTr猫s belles chambres calmes, amm茅nag茅es avec du mobilier d'茅poque, un charme tout dans l'esprit Florence, propret茅 sans faille, personnel polyglotte, serviable, 茅fficace avec toujours le sourire.Le petit d茅jeuner buffet, copieux et complet peut 锚tre pris sur la terrasse sur le toit sous la vigne vierge, vue sur les toits de Florence, En fouillant bien et en comparant sur les diff茅rents sites de r茅servation internet, possibilit茅s de tarifs tr猫s interessants,Nous y 茅tions 脿 3 couples pour le week-end rallong茅 du 15 ao没t.A recommander sans r茅serves.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>erjh3502
<Content>A Gem in Florence Our family of 4 stayed at the Hotel Tornabuoni Beacci for 3 nights in mid July. I had requested a quad room and it was perfect. The room was large with a nice size bathroom. The staff was excellent and very helpful. We loved the flower covered rooftop terrace where we had afternoon drinks and a light dinner one evening. It was a welcome oasis from the busy but wonderful city of Florence. The hotel has so many positives (the location, the staff, the terrace) that when we return to Florence we will be staying at the Tornabuoni Beacci.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ejl804
<Content>a little disappointed Our room was quite small; clearly the runt of the litter. Otherwise the hotel was very nice, the staff very friendly. A little overpriced also.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DCMJMM
<Content>Second time, better than the first This is a beautiful hotel in a great location. Within walking distance of amazing shopping and almost all tourist sites. The hotel is several floors up in a beautiful old strozzi. We stayed for 4 days in a large room with italian frescos on the walls, three rooms and two bathrooms.Breakfast was simple but good. Having dinner on the rooftop patio is definitely recommended. Great food and beautiful atmosphere. There is a quaint bar for after dinner drinks. The staff is very pleasant and helpful with dinner reservations.I stayed here with my parents originally in the mid 1990s and with a different room, this was a better stay than the last time.I suspect we will be back at this hotel some day.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>TanyaP
<Content>Lovely Hotel Charming hotel located on a beautiful street, close to the center of things. It's on upper floors of a building. There are at least two terraces with views of the city. Our room was clean and nice. The staff was extremely accomodating when we asked for a stool that my husband could use in the shower. They were so nice about it, that we forgave the less than perfect lighting in the bathroom and ordinary breakfast buffet. Overall we consider this hotel an excellent place to stay.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Takemetherenow
<Content>Elegant and lovely!       River Arno  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kuchen
<Content>We loved the Tournabouni This is a wonderful hotel - has the feel of a palazzo, lovely rooms, wonderful roof garden, excellent breakfast and we also enjoyed one dinner there. The location is great for walking around Florence.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>BarbBroom
<Content>Beacci Tornabouni is a treasure of Florence I took a group of 32 people to stay at the wonderful Hotel Beacci Tornabuoni in early October. I wanted a hotel that was historic, well located and warm and welcoming. I was not disappointed. The hotel is beautiful and the staff, especially Angelo, were excellent in every regard. From the owner, Mr. Beacci, to the woman who cleaned my room-each person was warm and friendly and made you feel like you were a guest in their home. Each and every person in my group loved this hotel. Each room is different and not one was a disappointment. The common areas are beautiful, especially the roof top garden patio. Views from the rooms are a memory you will cherish. This is definately an oasis of peace within walking distance of all of the highlights of Florence. The food was outstanding. Breakfast pleantiful and sustaining. Dinner served on the beautiful patio is definately a special event. If you are looking for a hotel that gives you a feeling of Florence, this is a great choice. I hope to return in the near future.BarbaraVisions Travel  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dcherub
<Content>Our tenth year at the Beacci ~ As always...the most charming hotel!       Terrace at dusk  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DavidBelgium
<Content>Lovely hotel if you can get a good room       lower level room  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>oberontitania
<Content>Very charming but a little bit noisy the Beacci Tornabuoni A nice and charming Hotel... In a very tattic location.A little bit shabby sometimes, but cleaned. The breakfast is good but there is not much variety.霉People are reallly very very very very kind.Very noisy in the morning after seven o clock but if you go there for work is not important.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gattobaci
<Content>Our 5th stay in our favorite hotel in Italy We have returned again and again to the Beacci, it is our favorite hotel in Italy. The hotel is beautifully decorated and they have many public spaces including sitting rooms, a breakfast/dining room, a new improved larger bar and a lovely outdoor terrace with a view of the rooftops of Florence. They serve breakfast and dinner on the terrace in warmer weather. We had a lovely dinner there on our last visit.The reason we return again and again though is because of the exceptional service. Angelo, Patricia, Gino, Olga and all the staff are absolutely wonderful.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a great experience at this hotel. We stayed at this hotel with our two teenagers and had a wonderful experience. We were placed in 2 rooms (one double; one twin) right next to each other. The linens were high quality, the bed was very comfortable. This is a very unique hotel with lots of private sitting areas for guests. Very bright and airy atmosphere. The rooftop terrace was lovely and breakfast was good. The location is convenient to many historical sites as well as shopping. The hotel staff was professional and helpful. This hotel was great!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MrBridges
<Content>What a Dump!!!! We came to Florence for the clothing fair, in early January, and this hotel was highly recommended. We paid a very high price, booked six months in advance, everything seemed all set for a great stay.When we checked in we were taken, not into the charming lovely elegant-looking hotel, but down two flights of stairs to the annexe. ! To get to our rooms we had to walk through a shirt and tie show room. Our first room was dark, gloomy, cold with the most awful long thin bathroom. To get into the shower you had to step over the bidet.There were always trays of dirty dishes and old breakfasts outside the door - not ours!We complained and were moved to an equally cold unpleasant room down in the annexe, but at least the bathroom was a little better designed. When you're paying over US$300 you shouldn't be saying, Well, at least it's not as bad as the last room!When we went up the main hotel for breakfast the staff were gushing and all over their regulars, but we newbies were totally ignored. We felt we were given very second rate treatment while paying a first rate price. I'd never go here again. Never. Ruined our trip.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>PhantomEngineer
<Content>A terrific hotel       the Breakfast Buffet  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nunununu
<Content>I agree with the last review Well, put. Although, I do live in 'suburbia', and I would take Florence over Des Moines anyday. I recently stayed there for what I considered frenzied week long stay. (There is far too much to see in Florence in just one short week, or one short year for that matter.) The staff was helpful, but unobtrusive, friendly, but not overbearing. I thought the furniture and linens were lovely. Yes, the TV is old, but I never even got to see if it worked because who needs to watch TV when in Florence? Who watches TV on their honeymoon? I am sure there should be better things to do. Anyhow, I digress.The next time I go, however, I would request a room that is not facing the main street, as it is a bit noisy at times. It seems as if the battle over the noise level of motorcycles shall never end in Florence.The breakfast was nice and satisfying. How lovely that you are offered a choice of coffees or tea in the morning.The roof terrace is wonderful, even in winter. I would go up there to get some fresh air and read a chapter of a book. The bar offered a full array of drinks in a comfortable setting.I would suggest, perhaps, wireless internet? Even though Florence should be for meandering about the galleries and churches, some people do need to keep up with work, and that would make life so much easier.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Special Place for Cultured Travelers This was not our first time staying at Hotel Beacci Tornabuoni and will certainly not be our last. Yes, for suburban travelers with limited or no level of taste - those used to generic or common furnishings and vegging out on cable TV - this hotel may very well be a disappointment. But for those who want to experience the uniquely rich and timeless qualities of Florence, you can't do better. This hotel is discreet, clean, well run and wonderfully decorated with antique armoirs, sofas, and typical Florentine bedding and towels. The staff is friendly, seasoned, and hugely helpful in providing information or reservations for anything and everything during your stay. The breakfast is typically varied, fresh, and elegantly displayed. If you are expecting the Hyatt, go to Des Moines. If you want to experience Florence, Italy, you must try Hotel Beacci.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place stinks! We arrived here for the middle part of our honeymoon. Our room was very old (I know all of Florence is old!!) and the a/c barely worked. We changed rooms which improved things a bit but this place was the worst of all the places we stayed in Italy and overpriced. Breakfast was not great either. We met a few other couples in Florence who told us even the fancy hotels in Florence are overrated and overpriced. However, the food in Florence was great as was the art.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>aatench
<Content>Rustic hotel in perfect location We were here for 6 nights. We stayed at the Hotel Tornabuoni Beacci along Via Tornabuoni as its name suggests. From the airport, we took a cab since were carrying heavyluggage, it was only about Eur7.00 anyway. However, this hotel is just a 10-15 minute leisurely walk away from the Santa Maria Novella train station.This hotel provided the best service of all the hotels we stayed in during this trip. They are very friendly, helpful and efficient. Train schedules, restaurant reservations, directions- name it, they do it quickly and accurately! Buffet breakfast is good too 鈥?ham, cheeses, breads, cereals, yoghurt, fruit and fruit salad, hard boiled eggs, coffee, juices, milk, etc. They also had 3 or 4 elevators.I loved the ambiance of the place 鈥?full of huge potted plants, beautiful furniture, a terrace, chandeliers鈥t definitely didn鈥檛 feel like a Holiday Inn or a Marriot. The rooms aren鈥檛 identical, the layout doesn鈥檛 look like that of a regular hotel鈥檚 either. Stay here if you鈥檇 like to feel like you鈥檙e a guest at a rich Italian friend鈥檚 Florentine villa. We stayed in room 4, which was near the main entrance and the reception area. The hotel is a huge place, and we felt that a room closest to the entrance was most convenient. Our room had a chandeliered high ceiling, huge door-sized windows that looked out onto via Tornabuoni. My only complaint- our particular bathroom was tiny, and needed a bit of renovation already. The location of the hotel was great too. It鈥檚 right on the Piazza Sta. Trinita, so it鈥檚 just a few steps away from the Ponte Sta. Trinita and the Oltrarno. Across the street is already Via Porta Rossa which leads to the Mercato Nuovo and its Il Porchellino, and further on you鈥檒l hit the Piazza della Signoria, the Uffizi, etc鈥ust keep walking further down and it鈥檚 already Sta. Croce. Tornabuoni is also a shopping street (the hotel lobby was Tiffany鈥檚 , I think)鈥?up the road (opposite direction from the bridge) is a nice store-lined path towards the Duomo. Great location, really.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DLCH
<Content>Smelly and needs a makeover My husband and I stayed here recently and were not impressed. It is located on a high-end shopping street, and well located near all of the sights, but those are the only good things I can say about it. When we came, there was no lobby, we had to take an elevator to the 2nd floor and check in there. I immediately was put off by what smelled like stewed cabbage in the hallways and in the reception area. For the first few nights we were in a room that looked like it came from 1950. It had a rickety platform with stairs to get into the room. None of the items in the room matched. In fact it was dark and gloomy. The pillows were awful and smelled like pickles (literally). The shower could hardly fit a child in it never mind an adult. And the water pressure was terrible as well. The towels also had the pickle smell to them. The last few nights we moved rooms to one that had a fresco on the walls. Still the same pickle/cabbage smell on the linens and pillows. The only bonus in that room was that we had a sitting area. The televisions in each room were incredibly old, as were the non-working remotes. This hotel tainted my view of Florence, Italy. The only half-way decent thing other than location, was a good breakfast in the morning. Oh and no room service either.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>FestusHaggen
<Content>top notch This was our first time in Italy and in Florence, and the Hotel BT met or exceeded our expectations. Admittedly, this was a splurge on our part to stay in a hotel at this price point, but it was worth it. The location, the staff, and the hotel itself were wonderful.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent hotel, bad reservation service Hotel is lovely, well located, with excellent service. However, we were very disappointed in the reservation made through Expedia. The reservation form lacked essential information about charges in addition to the hotel rate quoted. This information was added afterward--and after our account was charged. When we questioned Expedia about this, they simply ignored our complaint.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oneomaniac
<Content>Always a Pleasure I recently returned from a sensational trip through Tuscany and I had the pleasure of returning for the fourth time to this gem of a hotel.The experience was as wonderful as it has always been. The staff is courteous, helpful, warm and charming. Our room was comfortable, spotless and so pretty with it's view of Florence.Breakfast is served either in the dining room or outside on the fabulous sun roof. This is a little piece of heaven high above the tiled rooftops of the city with lovingly tended flowers and plants growing everywhere in profusion.You should also sit out here at night with a glass of wine and a sky full of stars to accompany you. Priceless!! Beacci Tornabuoni is perfectly located in close proximity to Ponte Vecchio, the Duomo and of course the best shopping in Florence. Restaurants abound, in all price ranges. Santa Maria Novello Station is nearby so that using this hotel as a base to visit other Tuscan cities and towns is quite convenient. In conclusion,Florence is a city I will return to visit many more times and Beacci Tornabuoni will always be my preferred choice of hotels.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MDinboston
<Content>Great place!! This lovely old 14th century palace exceeded our expectations. The reception desk was not very friendly, but nevertheless helpful when we asked questions. And everything else was superb! It was a small but beautiful old palace with outstanding furnishing, huge rooms and a wonderful patio for breakfast. My husband and I were late to breakfast one day and asked just for 2 cappucino and instead they brought us a feast. There was a small, charasmatic room for drinks and a great dining room. I dont think i'd stay anywhere else in Florence. Much much better than the big impersonal chain hotels.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cteach
<Content>Not to be missed This is a wonderful hotel in the heart of the shopping district in Florence. I will stay there again. Clean, but charming with old world furnishings, this is warm and friendly hotel. There is a beautiful rooftop garden that is well cared for.There is a small lounge where visitors can share a drink before dinner and chat. The breakfast is complete and fresh, and this room doubles as a restaurant at night with above average meals, not gourmet but reasonably priced and convenient as we discovered one rainy evening after a long day of sightseeing. The staff was wonderful, I wish the world had more Angelo's!!!! There was some noise, but each room has its own ventilation system and this helped block it. The library is a lovely room with places to read, or share conversation. I understand from traveling companions that there is a difference in the rooms (I had number 12) so it would be good to ask. Enjoy your visit!!!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Winetex
<Content>OK but noisy This is a rather charming hotel in Florence located only two blocks from the river. The location is great but if you have the rooms facing the small piazza it can be noisy. We ended up turning on the room a/c to block out some of the noise. The room was large and amenities were adequate. The rooftop dining area and bar are quite nice. Note there is no restaurant in this hotel but they do provide a good breakfast.I would be concerned about the room air conditioners in the heat of the Italian summer. They might be very inadequate but better than none at all.Check-in for this hotel is on the fourth floor. There are two Tornabuoni hotels so make sure you tell your taxi driver you are at the Beacci. The two hotels are only two blocks apart. It is somewhat close to the train station but I wouldn't want to make the walk on narrow sidewalks with lots of baggage.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sappel54
<Content>Great location to explore Florence We booked our stay here on a relative's recommendation. We were pleased overall with the room, and the location was perfect. Typical small European room, but was clean and comfortable. The included continental breakfast was good, and the rooftop terrace was a beautiful place to enjoy it. Service was adequate, though a complaint about a non-functioning television took several days to resolve. Most of the staff was friendly, but some were less so. The location alone is worth recommending. The Beacci is a safe bet for a Florence stay, but for 220 euro per night, we expected a little better service.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>starkfarm
<Content>A Nice Place To Stay As conveniently located as any hotel in Florence, our stay at the Beacci Tornabuoni was unique in that we were there on non-consecutive nights and, therefore, stayed in two distinctly differerent rooms. The first room was incredibly spacious though lacking in charm. The second room was more modest in size - though definitely adequate - which led to it having a bit more character. As a stickler on bath facilities - especially in Europe - I would strongly recommend you specificy when making recommendations, or upon checking in, your needs...if you're like me. While the first room had adequate facilities, the second room had a tiny vertical shower stall that barely contained my 190 pound, six foot frame. And water leaked all over the bathroom. In terms of service, the staff couldn't be friendlier or more accomodating. Whether they were making dinner reservations, arranging for a taxi, or simply cleaning our room, the level of service was excellent. The complimentary breakfast was adequate in terms of food selection (no eggs, for example) but whether we ate inside their charming breakfast room or on the outdoor balcony (where you can also have a late day drink) the setting was lovely.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Flyinghigh
<Content>We loved every moment.... I am one of the fussiest travellers as I want everything to be clean and fresh.Beacci Tornabuoni is that and so much more. Located just 100yds from the Arno and one block over from the Ponte Vecchio it was an ideal place to stay.The rooms (we opted for the Superior) were large and airy. There was air con, TV and a mini bar. It was quiet and we slept really well.Each morning we had breakfast on the rooftop and had a small pitched battle with some local pigeons, but that did not disturb us.We loved coming home each evening as we had a drink back on the roof and watched the sunset and listened to the church bells nearby. It was as we imagined it all to be.And the staff...... Angelo is a prince! Nothing was too much trouble and his help and advice was always correct. Ciao Bello!Oh and the shopping! We were there in early August and the sales were on. What fun we had. Great time to visit.I am an Innkeeper and I know what it takes to keep a property looking good and running well. Choose Beacci Tornabuoni and I know you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful hotel!!! This hotel is just amazing, it is so beautiful and located just a few steps from the center of firenze, breakfast is great served in a balcony with a beautiful view and the service.... absolutely incredible!I'm so pleased and lucky to find this hotel!go for it!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GabyTraveler
<Content>Good value for the price-. We just came returned from a two night stay at Hotel Beacci Tornabuoni, and found it to be a mixed bag. On the positive, the hotel has a FANTASTIC location, and the staff is nice. Sitting up on the rooftop was also quite lovely. It could have just been our rooms, but you had to walk up several flights (after using the elevator to go four flights to the lobby) to get to them. Breakfast was so-so, and the rooms were large (a definite plus), but nothing special. We got a VERY good rate for our two rooms, and so that made up for alot . . .  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>franaca
<Content>authentic Firenze at its best I absolutely loved this hotel! It has a truly original Italian flavor, completely unlike a generic chain hotel. The location is great  the staff act as consierges, willing  able to direct you anywhere, procuring reservations at restaurants, museums, etc. I especially enjoyed the rooftop terrace, completely covered in flowering plants. It was chilly in April, and during the 6 days I spent at the Beacci I was often the only one breakfasting in the beautiful, crisp air. My daughter  I would sit out there late at night admiring the lights  roofscape of Florence. There are little touches like frescoed rooms (mine was one) and old-world service at the highest standard. Another cool aspect of the place is its history - there is more than a whiff of scandal surrounding the ownership. If you are lucky, Angelo, who has been there forever, will tell you the story!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>OperaFan
<Content>Lovely, Characteristic Hotel We stayed here for 2 nights on our honeymoon in Italy - it's a truly lovely place. Because the hotel is located on the most fashionable shopping street in Florence (Tiffany is on the ground floor and Gucci a few doors down), it quiets down from both foot and motor traffic in the evening. This is extremely important for us as nightlife can extend well into the wee-hours of the morning, making it difficult for a relaxing night's sleep. Our little room, which had a view of the surrounding red roofs and building walls, was very quiet, and the simple furnishings characteristically 17-18th century.The rooftop terrace is a real plus. The owners took care to fill it with flowering and decorative plants. You really don't feel like you're in the middle of a noisy, polluted city and we took breakfast out there daily.The staff was polite, friendly, and helpful. Breakfast service was excellent.A few more words about location - most of historic Florence is located in a very concentrated area, so it is easy to walk all over town. The Beacci Tornabuoni is a short block from the beautiful Santa Trinita bridge, which provides a glorious view across to the Ponte Vecchio and the hills on the other side of the Arno. A 5-6 minute walk takes you past Piazza Republica to the Duomo and 6 in the other direction takes you to the train station. Much of Florence was under scaffolding with constructions abound. Thankfully we did not have that issue at our location.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An excellent small hotel We have just returned from a three night stay at the Beacci Tornabuoni Hotel in Florence, Italy. We recommend the hotel highly.The location is excellent - centrally located about two blocks off the Piazza Republica, but not right in the incredible tourist crush of central Florence. Just about everything in Florence is within a short walk.We booked our rooms directly with the hotel by email - we had two standard double rooms that we got at a very good price through a special on their web site. Both rooms were more than adequate size for two people. The rooms are in need of modernizing, but comfortable and clean. One room overlooked the Via Tornabuoni, but we were not bothered by traffic noise because of a heavy wooden shutter on the window. This room was on the central hallway, between the reception desk and the breakfast room, so we did hear some hallway noise. The other room was on a lower floor and facing a building, and while it had no view it was absolutely quiet. The air conditioning was creaky, but once it got going it was adequate for June - not sure how it would do in August.The hotel has a beautiful roof-top garden with a bar. They serve dinner on the roof-top 5 nights a week for a fixed price of 30 Euro, and it is well worth it - the views of the rooftops of Florence and the Tuscan hills at sunset are worth the trip.The staff is very polite  helpful, and they all speak good English. We had to ask for help with the air conditioning when we arrived, and they showed up promptly to help us. We were unable to get tickets to the Uffizi Gallery (they were booked a month in advance), but the hotel got us reservations with a tour.The breakfast was standard cereal, fruit  pastries.We have travelled to Italy several times, and Florence once before, and this hotel exceeded our expectations.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KVA
<Content>A very special place! Stayed here in 2002, and liked this hotel a lot. My room was large, the bed was great, the air conditioning worked (more or less, this being Italy), and the food and views from the outdoor dining area were outstanding. The location was top notch, just a five minute stroll from the Uffizi and Ponte Vecchio, yet sufficiently away to keep the noise level down. It was also a quick walk to the train station with my wheelie. The staff was nice enough, though they seemed overworked much of the time I was there. I appreciate the fact that the hotel has sent me a Christmas card every year since I stayed there--they have many returning guests and like to treat them like family. Would most definitely stay here again.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>vonOtter
<Content>Hotel Tornabuoni Beacci : Florence at its Best Hotel Tornabuoni Beacci is a very special place to stay in a very special city.The hotel is well positioned one block from the River Arno near Ponte Santa Trinita, giving easy access to the Oltrarno, as well as the destinations on the north side of town. Unlike most hotels the entrance is four stories above street level; this unusual arrangement gives guests the impression that they are in a secret location. The ceilings are 14 feet high throughout, lending a sense of spaciousness to the entire place. Art and antiques line the halls and furnish the rooms. A large sitting room allows guests to socialize in a warm atmosphere. The staff is very helpful, with friendliness and warmth larger hotels do not offer.The Continental breakfast (included in the room price) is filling and satisfying. In warm weather breakfast is served on the terrace that is planted with flowers and has sweeping views across the city.Ask for room #26 when you make reservations. It is very comfortable; its bathroom is roomy. From this room's two tall double windows Brunelleschi鈥檚 dome and Giotto's campanile can be seen to the left, with the Church of San Miniato al Monte and the hills to the south of the city in plain view on the right.The comfort, warmth and charm of the Tornabuoni Beacci can not be matched and will keep me returning to Florence.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One Word......WONDERFUL!!!!! I can't wait to go back. Once inside, I felt like I was at home. The staff made the stay effortless and the rooms were charming beyond belief. The shared living room was a nice place to go and write in my journal after a long day of shopping and touring Florence. The view from my room was overlooking the roof top garden and the city. How do you get any better than that? Thanks for the memories !!!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as great as all the reviews say... We were really looking forward to staying here but left very disappointed. Rooms are very variable in size and quality of view. The bed in our first room was in fact 2 twin beds pushed together with no covering mattress. The beds were also ancient and had been reinforced with chipboard-Outrageous for a hotel of this price. After considerable amounts of complaining we were grudgingly given a suite on one of the lower floors. It was the best of a bad lot and altough nice enough was dark and had a window out onto a wall.We initially thought it was only us having problems but as we waited in a long line to check out it was abundently clear that many other guests were complaining about the same things.On the positive side it was charismatic and rather like staying in an old, well decorated venetian palazzo (which it is ) and is centrally located.Overall it is nice enough but there are better places to stay in Florence for less money.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>macbird
<Content>A jewel After looking at several possibilities in Florence, we chose Hotel Tornabuoni Beacci for our three night stay October 9-12, 2004. It is a beautiful, art filled small hotel with its reception desk on the fourth floor of an elegant building on a busy commercial street, next to Tiffany and across from Cristofle and Pucci. It is a short walk to the Piazza della Repubblica, the Duomo, the Uffizi, the Arno, and several museums. Our room (#26) was decorated in formal Florentine style, had a marvelous view of the Duomo, and was roomy, comfortable, and fairly quiet considering the din of motorcycles and the sound of church bells that is Florence. The roof garden is beautiful, and our night cap drinks there were very reasonable and served with a smile. The hotel offers a simple breakfast of cereal, eggs, croisssants and rolls until 10am. Great location, accommodations and service. We would love to return some day!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it Wonderful staff and accomodations. Patio view was great! Noise was non-existant. Only tip is to take a taxi from the train station if you arrive that way.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magical........ My husband and I stayed at the wonderful Beacci Tournabouni in August 2004. It felt like home the minute we arrived. I was shown a couple of rooms and was told I could choose the one I liked the best. That was a great way to start. We travel to Europe two or three time a year and have stayed in many places. There was nothing to complain about at this one. The staff were friendly and helpfull. The room was large and nicely decorated. The public rooms looked like a charming Florentine home filled with antiques. The best of all was eating breakfast on the lovely terrace before setting out on a day of exploring Florence.We will return.....  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If it's good enough for G.H.W. Bush............ We stayed here in February, 2003. It is a real charmer. The staff were wonderful, helpful, and never too busy to answer a question. They even arranged tickets for us for the symphony program.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Repeat winner! TB is a gem. My husband  I stayed there 20 years ago and we just returned from a fabulous 3-night stay with teenagers. Great staff who help find terrific restaurants to suit all our tastes, give wonderful directions, and go out of their way to make the stay more enjoyable. Our suite room was very comfortable, convenient and charming. The rooftop terrace and dining room are very cozy. Why stay anywhere else?  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jenngg
<Content>A great value for a lot of charm! The service at this charming hotel couldn't have been better. We were treated and taken care of like family. When we had to deal with some unexpected business from home, Angelo gave us full use of his office - including computer, fax machine, etc. Rooms are large, rooftop terrace lovely and location perfect! I will be returning to Florence soon and wouldn't consider staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming Find My husband  I just returned from a trip to Italy in which we stayed at Hotel Tornabuoni for 4 days. The hotel is located on the top floors of an old building on one of Firenze's top shopping streets. Tiffany, Hermes, Gucci  Prada were right downstairs. About 5 minute walk to Uffizi and 10 min walk to Galleria Accademia. Our room was large enough for 2 people, had private bath  air conditioning. Our room did not have a view (only of the Pucci store), but would still go back regardless. The hotel had antiques everywhere and beautiful leather bound books which you can write your thoughts  view other guests writings from the early 1900's to present. The rooftop terrace was a lovely place to have breakfast and drinks after a long day of touring Firenze. The staff was very pleasant and knowledgeable about the city and various tours. Would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>antiquingly charming TB is fabulous, I had a wonderful stay at this hotel. I had a single room on the top floor for 4 nites and a doube room on the same floor for 2 nites, both of them are very clean and lovely with superb view. Staffs are friendly, and informational. I will definitely go back again.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marywoodall
<Content>A magical experience I stayed at the Beacci with 4 girlfriends and we had the time of our lives. The staff greeted us by name after the first day and made us feel completely at home. Our rooms (on the first) floor were lovely and the rooftop breakfast was a treat that we looked forward to each day. I look forward to returning here the next time I visit Florence.  
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Roof Terrace is the best! Again, heard great things about this place. Just got back from Florence and I have to say that the hotel was lovely. The roof terrace and beds were the two things I enjoyed most. We had breakfast every morning on the roof terrace - no one else was out there. It was lovely. And the beds are firm! We commented on just how great they were and they said they just changed them due to fire code regulations - so lucky us! The room was beautiful - gigantic window overlooking the city. And the staff was beyond helpful and friendly! I would definitely go back!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Disapponted Avoid room 15 on the 4th floor. We were given this room after check in and my first reaction was to check out immediately. The lace curtain was torn, floor in room and bathroom were missing bits, plaster cracked AND the air conditioner was broken. It was during the summer heat wave in Italy and the temp in our room was 90+ F. The room had one window (no view) looking across the Pucci store. We were finally moved to Rm 305 after 2 calls to the front desk. Rm 305 was a little better although still no view. The hotel did promise rooftop views on our reservation. Oh, and to top it all, an older Italian man who was in charge of serving breakfast stank to high heaven. We skipped having breakfast after the 2nd day. For 25 eur more we could have stayed at the Savoy. Only plus was the location.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BWeissman
<Content>Enchantment in Rm.22- "Room With A View" for Sgl Travler   showReview(1481800, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aussie_skiiers
<Content>loved!!   showReview(1440805, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and charm   showReview(1421865, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very disappointed   showReview(1373840, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good service but room was small   showReview(1270919, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>parisfreak_7
<Content>I don't get it   showReview(1149433, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The charm of Firenze   showReview(1148624, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>damcone
<Content>Charming   showReview(994601, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>old fashioned charm   showReview(919240, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Experience   showReview(854976, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tokitoki
<Content>un h么tel charmant   showReview(20429127, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	5	5	1	

<Author>BambouParis
<Content>Perfetto   showReview(20350850, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'h么tel est tr猫s bien situ茅...   showReview(16725699, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>charmant h么tel id茅alement situ茅   showReview(13980890, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>prof06
<Content>Charmant h枚tel id茅alement situ茅       chambre 19 grande tr猫s calme mais sans vue  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FrenchyParis
<Content>L'h么tel id茅al pour un we romantique   showReview(12614705, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>EL HOTEL SE ENCUENTRA A ESCASOS...   showReview(11442368, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>il miglior hotel di firenze   showReview(11411391, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bel soggiorno!   showReview(11386823, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

