<Author>texas_aquaholic
<Content>Great location, Moderate Ammenities, Poor Service We stayed One night for a wedding which was close to this area.Booked online through a travel site and got a decent rate, called ahead and spoke with the conciere about a shuttle service for my arrival. She informed me I would sign up upon arrival but shouldn't run into any problems.We checked in, and were immediately informed the shuttle only runs on weekdays. Unfortunate, so we asked the front desk to have a cab available in an hour and a half.When we came to the lobby for the cab, to our dismay it was pulling out with another couple. We waited another 15 minutes and were almost late to the wedding.Other than that, plenty of parking, the room was nice and very modern with flat screens, but we didn't stay in it very long. There's not much shopping really in walking distance, or restaurants/bars. For the money, I would stay somewhere closer to McKinney like ZaZa with a restaurant/bar in the facility.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	2	2	4	

<Author>interviewqueen
<Content>AWESOME--highly recommended I stayed for two nights as I interviewed at the Parkland and Baylor Dallas hospitals. The location was a bit tricky to find even with GPS. However, once I was there, i was not disappointed. The hotel is in the heart of downtown, right next to the AA center.Check in service by the staff was excellent. In fact, every time I walked by, they were attentive and ready to answer any questions I had. I stayed in an executive king. One bed, one pull out sofa, mini kitchen. The furniture was new and clean and had a modern look to it. There was wifi and a flat screen tv in my room. The bed was nice, high, comfy, with down comforter. Everything you would need in the mini kitchen, including pots/pans, utensils provided. It was amazing. I went to the newly renovated fitness center and I thought it didn't have a tv at first but then I realized that the tvs were on the equipment! You just hook in your headphones and you're good to go. there is a treadmill, elipitcal and a bike. Some free weights too. They may be adding more since they were still renovating. I found out that they were changing from the Bradford to the Hyatt during my stay. This did not impact me at all. In fact, I thought I got a bargain for the price I paid. The food was also very good. There is complimentary breakfast everyday with starbucks coffee. There is warm bar, bread, bagels, fruit, yogurt and coffee/tea. Everything was great. Overall, this hotel was fabulous. I didn't mind paying an extra 15 dollars/night compared to the other hotels that were offered to me for my interviews because the service and quallity can't be beat. I highly recommend this hotel. (may now be called the hyatt).  The shuttle service will take you anywhere within a 3 mile  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eyeamhiphopssole
<Content>Nice Stay Room was recently renovated. Has a large flat screen TV, DVD player, plently of room on the desk for your laptop etc. Very secure parking garage. The free breakfast was okay. Definitely would stay again due to the nice room.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>wkw1234
<Content>Great place to stay Very accommodating and clean. Staff was very friendly.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>JanM59
<Content>Great place to stay for our puposes       The bedroom area  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>lkar
<Content>Great Option for AA Arena Events This is an extended stay hotel in a part of town that is not particularly happening, except for the fact that the American Airlines arena is just down the street. I think most of the clientelle is business travellers who are there for more than a few days, but they rent out their extra units on a nightly basis for a very very affordable rate. The units are exceptionally clean, have a full kitchen, and the parking situation is outstanding. Basically, there is a parking garage next to the hotel, with an keyed-entry on every floor so you can basically park right on your floor. It's very convenient if you have groceries or large luggage. You can come as you go as you please, and parking is free. There is no restaurant, but there is a little market where you can buy stuff to keep in your refrigerator or cook on your cooktop. There also is a better-than-I-expected buffet breakfast. The key advantage to this place is if you're going to events at American Airlines arean. The arena is a 6 minute walk if you take the short cut, and a 7 minute walk if you don't. In other words, it's very close. Several of the people staying there seemed to be folks from far away places in Texas that came for games (the mavericks and the stars play at AA) and didn't want to do the back and forth drive in one day.The price was unbelievable -- we got an AAA deal that was less than a third of the price of the fancy W hotel which is also right near the arena. It's a little hard to find from the highway, so the front desk staff seemed a bit overwhelmed at times having to be on the phone to give directions. But they were otherwise very friendly and helpful. Given the nature of the extended stay accomodations and the fact that each room has a big kitchen and stuff, housekeeping takes a while, so I got the sense that early check ins and late check outs are rare.If you're looking for a full comprehensive Dallas vacation hotel, this is probably not the place location wise. But if you want a kitchen, an actual bedroom with a door that closes off, free parking, and easy access, this is a great option. Very pleased with this choice.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>ashlib
<Content>Affordable, clean (too clean?) Stayed here for an Uptown Dallas wedding (and we couldn't afford uptown Dallas hotel prices). Pros included the free shuttle, a nice free breakfast buffet, internet access, friendly staff, quiet room, nice closet and bathroom, and rates. An unexpected plus was ordering pizza one day from a place recommended by the hotel, and getting one of the best pizzas we've had in a long time!Cons included location (a bit desolate, not walkable to restaurants/bars or shopping), and a smell of cleaner/disinfectant (made me think of furniture polish) in the lobby and rooms. Other reviews didn't mention this, so maybe they had just undergone a major cleaning/polishing!?All in all, we were happy with our stay and we would stay again!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>arrowsmith
<Content>IF your a runner Don't go to this hotel!!!!! Ran the Wellstone Marathon in Dallas on Dec 2006. Upon arriving, I asked if I could stay util 1pm. There was a strict policy with staying past the checkout time of 11:00. Since I was planning to run 4 hrs marathon. This would place me at 12pm. I asked if there was any possible way. They said that there were a bunch of people arriving Sunday afternoon and that it was not possible unless I paid 1/2 cost of room. Upon completing the race, I went past the area and notice runners leaving the elevator and checkout of the hotel. This means to me that there is not equal treatment. I suspect since I not of european descent there are some discrimination with the staff. The rooms were ok. comfortable but ...  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>Whitters20
<Content>would defiinitely stay here again We stayed only one night at the hotel while we were in town for a concert at the Gypsy Tea Room but were very pleased. I think we paid $129. We loved that thehy had onsite and secure parking. Our room was clean and spacious, the bed was very comfortable and the front desk staff were very friendly and helped with our taxi problem (Yellow cab never picked us up after 3 phone calls!). There aren't really any restaurants adjacent but there are many only a short drive away. We were worried that it would be very noisy with our room facing a busy street but we slept until about 9am just fine with minimal noise. (It was a weekday morning). I would definitley recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Temecula
<Content>Housekeeping Needs to be Replaced Just returned from a weeks stay at the Bradford Homesuites in Downtown Dallas, for the WEFTEC convention. Checked in on Friday, hotel was nice and (appeared) clean. The people at the front desk friendly, gave us pre-printed directions (hard to read as the copies were very light, you might want to bring a map from AAA) to different resturants and shopping. Got up Saturday to take a shower and the tub did not drain. Stopped by the front desk to let them know and they informed me that maintenance would not be in until Monday, they can fix it then. Saturday night tried to use the microwave to re heat my dinner from the previous night and it did not work. Called the front desk and again they informed that the maintenance crew would not be in until Monday. Okay, I am a pretty understanding person and reliaze that there is nothing they can do. So I wait until Monday. Maintenance crew showed up Monday morning with a new microwave. Upon my leaving I stopped by the front desk to ask that housekeeping clean my tub after maintenance was done with my drainage problem, since housekeeping will only clean my room 1 time during my week stay. Upon my return on Monday afternoon, I find my tub still dirty, with the maintenance black shoe prints on the tile. I go back down stairs to the front desk and let them know that my tub is still dirty, it was nice that housekeeping made my bed and gave me fresh towels, but I really wanted my tub cleaned. They said they would have housekeeping go backup and clean it. I returned Monday night to find my tub has STILL not been cleaned. I return the front desk on Tuesday morning and let them know that this is the 3rd time that I asked for my tub to be cleaned, they assured me that they would have housekeeping clean it. Upon my return on Tuesday evening, I find that my bed has been made, fresh towls put out and dishes done, but my TUB IS STILL DIRTY!!!!!!!I call down to the front desk, and let them know that my tub was still dirty and someone needs to come up and clean it while I am here. He said that the cleaning crew was gone and he would come up and clean it himself as soon as he gets a chance. 10:30pm he came up to clean the tub himselft and said that he is not housekeeping and would do the best he can. I will not stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place for the price We stayed the weekend for a concert at the Magnolia Theater and loved it. The room was clean and nice. It had a small kitchen with micro, full sized fridge, two electric burners and a toaster oven. Our room did NOT have a full size oven, but we ate out everyday, so it wasn't a problem.Free internet access (ethernet, so bring your own connections), free gated parking, quiet hallways.We didn't partake of the continental breakfast, so I have no opinion on that. Also didn't use the pool  hot tub, but it looked clean and well-kept.The only negative was that none of the maids on our floor spoke English, so just getting towels  pillows instead of full housekeeping service was a challenge. Eventually told the maids to NOT clean the room and went downstairs to the front desk for my towels. The front desk was very helpful and apologetic.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will come again This was the second time I stayed at the Bradford Suites. It is conveniently located near the American Airlines Center, West End, and McKinney Ave clubs. The rooms are a bit small for suites, but they were clean and the kitchen was well appointed. The staff was consistently friendly, learned my name over the 4 days that I was there, and quickly resolved a problem with billing. All in all I was very pleased!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable Accomidations My partner and I just returned from a New years trip to Dallas. We got a really good rate on hotwire for about 70.USD per night. The hotel is a good bargin all of the rooms are suites which include a mic, fridge, and even a stove. The location could be better you would have to drive or take the shuttle to downtown or uptown. The service could have been a liitle better, but all in all it was a good stay.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marko1974
<Content>Please BEWARE of this place! Had made reservations for 2 rooms on June 9th for arrival of Nov 12th 2005. Was going to dallas on important conference/meeting. We arrived at the hotel to find out they are completely booked up and have move our reservation to their sister property in Richardson. The Assistant manager on duty- Natasha wasted an hour of our time- ( we missed 1 meeting already)- she finally agreed to pay for the $35 fare and take us to the other property- which by the way had no shuttle service to the convention center and really was going to inconvenience us. We arrived there only to find out that they only have 2 rooms for 2 nights instead of 3- because they are completely booked on the third night- well we were furious and nobody could help. With the American Heart Association convention in town @24,000 people we were stuck- I sat down with the yellow pages and started calling around only to find everything booked. Did by luck find a great place - Staybridge Suites. Forget Bradford- I will never be placed in this mess- they tried to blame it on hotelrates.com who booked our room- but I checked it out and this was a pure Bradford problem. Stay Away from them- not helpful at all really low class place in how they treat their customers- I know this isnt Ritz Carlton but common courtesy and respect to 2 people they truly put in a mess- and yes we had booked this reservation months ago.!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>1	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>rippowam22
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised, but not perfect Stayed here for 4 nights, overall a very good value considering we got it on Hotwire for around $45 per night. Worth more than that if you had no other discounted options for sure.Positives: Great location just on the edge of downtown, a 10 minute walk from American Airlines Center. Free covered parking. Comfortable bed, quiet, good HVAC, very clean and has a small kitchen to boot. No complaints at all about the room.So-So: The continental breakfast was pretty mediocre. The usual cereal, juice, coffee and a couple of dreary hot selections (think HS Cafeteria). Their coffee cake is right out of the supermarket bakery, little taste. Only a handful of tables to eat, so not exactly a welcoming area if you get down there and all the tables are taken. Could be much better if a bit more attention was given.Unfortunately, the hotel insists on using Air Freshener everyday throughout each hallway. After the first day, it just became more and more annoying. We're not talking about a spritz here and there, I actually saw the maid walking down the hallway blasting it the WHOLE length of each corridor. Sort of like having to walk thru a Roach Motel before you get to your room (didn't affect the smell in the room).They do have two computers to use for free, with free printing, but they must cater to some local college students because it was difficult to find them open to use...no matter what time of day. But, hey, free is free!Average: Although the maid service was very good, the Front Desk was OK, but not too friendly. The kind of folks that would answer your questions, but wouldn't exactly give you a warm welcome when you approached the desk. Not bad, just not impressed.Overall: I would absolutely stay there again, esp at the rate I got. I'd probably be willing to pay up to $70 per night if I had to. Much nicer property than your avg Candlewood Suites or similar.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>saqsaq
<Content>Great location for American Airlines Center WE stayed here one night while in Dallas for a Neil Diamond concert. This is an extended stay type hotel downtown Dallas, only a 5 minute walk from the American Airlines Center, where many concerts and sporting events are held. This was a perfect location if you are attending something at the American Airlines Center as it was an easy 5 minute walk and we did not have to fight the traffic or pay the $20 parking fee at the concert venue. We had 2 double beds and a kitchen in our room. Parking was gated and covered and free! Book ahead for busy event weekends. We had to reserve through an on-line booking service to secure a room. Rate was $90 and included continental breakfast. Staff were also very helpful with dining suggestions for the area as well as providing driving directions, courtesy of mapquest.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Choice This was a very pleasent hotel to be in. I travel all over the place for business and I felt right at home here. They have a marketplace that you can pick up items from if you don't feel like going out, and you can even cook in your room! They provide free internet service in the room, they have laundry facilities, and the staff is extremely helpful. The rooms are clean and functional. This was the first time I have ever posted a response for a hotel...  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good stay at Bradford Suites I stayed at the Bradford Homesuites for two nights on a business trip. I had a huge suite with two comfortable double beds, a full bath, an additional sink/vanity, a living room, a kitchen, and a desk. It was clean and quiet. They left complimentary snacks each day (microwave popcorn and breakfast bars).Complimentary continental breakfast was good (muffins, toast, juice, coffee, fruit, several hot items). There is a small business center in the lobby with two computers, including free internet access and free use of the printer. There is also a free shuttle to downtown, a couple minutes away, although you need to reserve in advance. The hotel is walking distance to the arena, if you want to see a basketball game. Otherwise, there is nothing much in walking distance.The hotel is very reasonably priced. I paid $74/night.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyable stay My husband and I stayed for 2 nights at this hotel. We were attending a conference at Adam's Mark. We love that our hotel has free parking, it's also near downtown so we can reach our conference in about 5 mins. The room we stayed in was the Exec Studio Suite (the smallest). The room is partitioned well for its bed, living room, kitchen and a little study area. I enjoyed the fact that I could watch tv on another area, and not disturb my sleeping hubby. The kitchen is really compact and has all the important kitchen tools. The deco was quite cozy, there's even a nice recliner to watch tv. The only downside was the bathroom. It's clean but shows it's age, and needs light over the tub. I didn't try out the pool or gym, but they both are passable. The business center has 2 pc with free internet access and printer. I think that's a great service. There's also free Starbucks coffee and the cookies they set out for their guests is just awesome. In addition, there's a complimentary shuttle service for downtown. Registration might try your patience as they had only 1 person attending the desk with a long line of customers waiting. She forgot to handback my husband's credit card, but they returned it to us in our room with a gift. She also was quite personable and didn't panic in handling the long line. All in all, we both enjoyed our stay and our hotel room.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>crtexas
<Content>Rip-Off We had a confirmed reservation for a certain type of room, which they refused to honor. They said the would help find a similar hotel in the area, but hung up on me. They still didn't have a problem charging me the full price of the type of room that I did reserve! The breakfast was stale bagels and dognuts. The room was no better than a cheap motel, with hairs left in the bathroom and a distinct odor in the rooms and the halls. I have stayed at other Bradford's before, but have never been at one like this. Never had such rude and un-helpfull staff before, either.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>kauai744
<Content>warning! i arrived with a confirmed guaranteed reservation, to be told that there was no room. i was attending a conference nearby. i was accommodated (but not to my satisfaction) at a hotel approx. 6 miles away (in traffic). good luck if you stay here, you'll need it.   
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>BRENT7
<Content>What A Find! In the past when Ivisited Dallas I usually stayed at a Sheraton or a Clarion Hotel. This time I decided it was time for a change and chose the Bradford. What A find! The clean well appointed room was just right. A real home away from home. The welcome basket of goodies was a nice idea. The staff was polite and eager to answer any questions.I definitely plan to return and would recommend the Bradford to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Hotel Great hotel! My husband and I stayed here for a wedding and the establishment was top notch. The room was spacious, clean and new. Nice hallways, snack room, work out room and it even has a computer room. Breakfast was great and convenient as well. Gated parking lot and everything. You should never pay the high prices for the hoity toity stuff, just come here. I highly recommend it.   
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sdavis3908
<Content>Great Value and location Have stayed here several times and always try to book if possible. All rooms are suites and even the smallest is great for two people or the business treaveler. Clean and safe (gated parking garage attached to hotel) with great near downtown location. Access to major interstates, American Center for concerts and Downtown. Good value and great location.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ShayDe
<Content>great hotel, great value We stayed at this hotel while in town for our friends' wedding; it was one of the hotels they recommended to their wedding guests, and we're very glad we chose this one. (Guests who stayed at the pricier Hotel Lawrence had all kinds of complaints about their accommodations.) Our studio suite was very spacious, comfortable, and clean; it had separate living/dining and sleeping areas, a large bathroom, a good amount of closet/storage space, and a well-equipped kitchen. A table and chairs served as the dining/work area, and the living area had a comfortable sofa and recliner facing a TV with free expanded cable and HBO, as well as a VCR and movies-on-demand. The kitchen included a refrigerator, microwave, stove burners, toaster, coffeemaker, dishwasher, glasses, dishes, pots, and utensils. The hotel provided a First Nighter move-in package with coffee, microwave popcorn, a couple of NutriGrain bars, a bottle of water, etc. (It was a very welcome touch, since we arrived at the hotel after 11pm and had a serious case of the munchies.) The bed was comfortable, the towels and linens were clean and in good shape, and mini soaps and shampoo were provided (which isn't always the case with extended-stay hotels). We had a special wedding guest rate of $69/night (AAA members can get the same discount rate). The rate included free secured parking, free local calls, and a pretty decent free continental breakfast. Guests staying less than seven days pay a per-night rate instead of the more economical weekly rate, so daily freshen-up housekeeping service was also included in our rate. The hotel also offers a pool, spa, fitness center, and business center with high-speed Internet access. To top it all off, our room (which faced Harry Hines Blvd.) happened to have a pretty nice view of the Dallas skyline. We highly recommend this hotel - it was a great value for the price - and we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2003
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

