<Author>smcwai
<Content>Living in Hollywood with an affordable cost It is my first time to write a review for a hotel accomodation. We have been searching for a hotel accomodation in LA for almost a month. Most of them is either too expensive or too far from any attractions. Orchid Suites is located just behind Kodak Theatre and several minutes walking distance from Metro in Hollywood Highland. I can plan to have a couple of days without renting a car (visiting Hollywood areas and Universal Studios).The room condition is clean but the furnitures are old (Don't expect it is a luxry hotel). I am satisfied with it because it comes with fully-equipped kitchen (with Microwave and Oven). However, I found that the kitchen is a bit smelly but you can close the kitchen door to prevent the smell goes into the room.In LA, you cannot go further without a car. We rented a car for a longer distance travelled and the hotel provides free underground parking which is another advantage over some other hotel in Hollywood.Other merit points including free in-room wifi access, in-room safe and washing machine. For the room rate at around $110 plus tax, I need not ask for more during my stay in the hotel.Finally, one tip for other travellers is to bring your own shower gel as they only provide soap.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	5	

<Author>Oz_BigTravellers
<Content>Very disappointing We stayed here for four days from Thanksgiving. We selected it based on the reviews on this site but were very disappointed. The price is OK but the rooms were not what we thought we were getting. We had booked a suite as we were travelling with our two teenage sons. The suite is actually only one bedroom with the second bed in the lounge/kitchen area. We asked for a rollaway bed (as the boys are unwilling to share a bed) and were assured that it wouldn't be too cramped. We found that it was very cramped. The kitchen was very small and did not have a dishwasher and there were no tea towels to dry things. The oven seals kept falling off the moment the oven was heated and the oven door did not fully close. There were no dishes in which you could put leftover food.We were given one room but the moment we walked in we could smell urine so asked to be moved to another room, which the staff did. The carpet on the floor was dirty (as mentioned in another review). Staff did not come in to clean the rooms until around 5pm which meant that we had already arrived back from being out all day and were getting ready for the night's activities. Getting luggage to the room was difficult. One alternative is to carry them up to the third floor or use the lift. The lift is only accessible from the road via the garage. The garage is locked and had to be opened for us and the lift is extremely small so only 1 large suitcase (we had 4 in total and carry ons as we had been travelling round the world for the previous 6 weeks) would fit in, meaning a number of trips had to be taken to bring all of the luggage up.The staff were courteous and the location is good.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>chicanabella
<Content>Great location and service Husband and I (mid 30s) stayed here for 2 nights Sat Dec 6 and Sun Dec 7 to be close to Universal Studios (1 metro stop away, though we didn't feel safe in the metro subway at 8.30am on a Sunday morning - very quite and isolated and shady in-your-face characters try to get money from you for 'helping' you to use the automated ticket machines and 'kings of the metro' who harrass single and groups of women ... take a cab instead) and the Warner Bros Studio Tour (completely brilliant - just do it!). Hotel staff were extremely helpful and accommodated our request for a quiet room away from the pool area. Unfortunately on Morning One, our shower didn't work properly and water just spurted everywhere all over the bathroom floor. The conceirge came up and said there was a knob missing. He gave us a key to shower in a room on the next floor up. This was inconvenient, but our shower was fixed by the time we returned from Universal Studios later that day. The room upstairs was much nicer and better updated than our room, and while he offered us an exchange of rooms, we prefer not to move once we've settled as we're already staying in 5 hotels during a 3 week stay. Providing we can get some sleep, we can cope with any other little inconveniences. No breakfast was provided, but go to the Fresh and Easy supermarket a few blocks up the road for supplies to make your own breakfast / other meals (the frozen vegetarian selection is outstanding!) The best thing we did in Hollywood was take the Kodak Theatre tour which is right next door. When you are standing on the front steps of the Orchid Suites, look up on your immediate right and see a long glass corridor with yellow paint underneath. That's where the Oscar winners walk past the photos of previous winners after coming off stage to do their press interviews. This tour was the entertainment highlight of our whole 3 week trip to the US (especially walking out onto the stage itself, then taking Johnny Depp's front row centre seat while learning more about the theatre and Oscars ceremonies).This hotel is definitely not the Ritz, but you coudn't get any closer Grauman's Chinese Theatre (we missed the tour there but bought tickets to see a film inside), the sidewalk stars (not the dodgy fakes dressed up as stars who charge you to take their photos!) and the celebrity hand and footprints. The UWink restaurant in the Hollywood and Highlands centre is a bit of fun for a meal (except when 40 drunk male and female 'Santas' arrive right after you've placed your order on the computer screen on your table and get even more drunk while you wait for your meal!) The Orchid Suites staff were happy to mind our luggage after check-out until our LuxBus came to take us to Anaheim. We can't imagine staying anywhere else during a short, low budget stay in Hollywood.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>kym17
<Content>Great stay Our family of 4 stayed for 7 nights in Nov and found staff and rooms met our needs. Location was greatm Good to have kitchen which we used for breakfasts. No problems with noise. Gennerally accessible to everthing we wanted to do.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wspatsy
<Content>Wonderful location, wonderful staff! We stayed at the Orchid Suites for 4 nights in December 2008..the location is amazing! You can't get much closer to the centre of things, and for us this was perfect. You literally walk round the corner to the metro, restaurants, the Chinese theatre, etc etc. The rooms are not the most modern, and probably a bit old-fashioned, but extremely clean. Our room was fortunately at the back, as I think the front rooms can be noisy.The staff on reception are fantastic - friendly, helpful, and efficient as well. They got tickets for us, booked a transfer, told us the way to places . . . what more do you want?  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>barneysail
<Content>travelers rest this apartment style is extremly good value helpful staff good rooms and fresh air this unit very clean and tidy great location with train on backdoorstepbarney cahillnew zealand  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MikeHoustonTexas
<Content>Great location if you want to see Hollywood We stayed three nights at Hollywood Orchid Suites. The location is great: one block off Hollywood Blvd and right behind the Mann Chinese theater. So if you are into the Walk of Fame and the Mann celebrity imprints, its for you. When we went to Universal we took the metro where there is also a station also right around the corner. (By the way, Universal is nothing special). You can also get the metro from/to Airport. People at the front desk were very nice. They put us in room 201 the first night and even though the hotel is on a dead end street, the room is right over the garage and you could here the entry gate go up and down for every car that came/left. And the room is right in the elevator corridor so you can hear every conversation going in and out of the elevator. Adam (I think was his name) at the front desk was very gracious and changed our room to one in the back.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>maddierose
<Content>Clean and Private Me and a girl friend stayed at the Hollywood Orchid Suites for 3 nights, December 1- December 4. Booked the stay based on the reviews on Trip Advisor. We wanted somewhere that was close to the main tourist-style attractions, and with easy access to Universal Studios. Our room was a king executive suite, which had it's own bathroom, kitchen and dining area. The most important thing was that the room was clean. The sheets and towels were fresh. Our room was not facing the pool, or on the balcony, but around the corner, facing a car park behind the hotel. This felt far more private, as no one would be walking past us to access their rooms. The safe was a helpful addition to the room, but quite small, which was a downside as we were traveling with a laptop computer. The hotel is located conveniently just behind Hollywood Boulevard and the Kodak Theatre. Tucked away in a private street along with other hotels like the Liberty and Hollywood Celebrity, it is just on the end right behind the Hollywood and Highland Shopping Mall. There was easy and convenient access to the centre at a 1 minute walk. The mall backed right on to Hollywood Boulevard and the Walk of Fame. The mall was useful for places to eat, but we found it tiresome and limited in terms of options. We could not find anywhere that served breakfast, which was very disappointing. We often skipped breakfast altogether because of this. Universal Studios was easily accessed through the Metro station which is underneath the Mall, and people looking to visit the main tourist attractions will be pleased with the location. It's also close the the Hollywood museum, and the Hollywood Wax Museum. The one problem we found with this hotel was that the day we arrived, there were some MAJOR construction works going on next door, on the Mall. Massive drilling noises were VERY intrusive and trying to sleep after a long international flight was near impossible. We weren't warned about this in advance, or when we checked in. The construction was still in process when we checked out. This didn't go on during the evening or early morning, but if you wish to sleep in or have a sleep during the day, you might find it annoying. Overall, though, we found our stay a pleasant experience with no problems. The staff were helpful, by arranging us a cab and letting us know where the major attractions were, and how to access them. Highly recommended if you are on a budget and need somewhere to stay in the heart of Hollywood.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Deedumans
<Content>Great Value Great Location This place is a bit worn around the edges, but has great amenities and the value cannot be beat! We paid $119 for a one bedroom suite with a kitchen...the Oven didn't work, but everything else did. Free parking, walk 30 seconds to the Hollywood/Highlands center and about 5 minutes walk to several family friendly options on Hollywood Blvd which is less scary than it's been in years.If you decide to leave the car in the garage, you can take the Metro to downtown, and other locations.My only small complaint was that the pool wasn't heated, but it was November...so maybe it's only heated seasonally. That didn't keep my daugther from swimming!It's not the Ritz, but a very family friendly affordable accomodation.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AZTrainer
<Content>Nice hotel and great location       Outside of hotel  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>85hoya
<Content>Great location, excellent staff Just got back from a trip to LA that included 3 nights at the Orchid Suites. I couldn't be happier with the room, rate, location and staff. Everything in the room - one BR plus kitchen and living room - was clean and comfortable and the location can't be beat. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone travelling on business as well as families looking for a convenient base while seeing the sights of Hollywood and west LA.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>stanthecaddy
<Content>Great Location, but......... We picked this hotel due to it's proximity to Hollywood Blvd. However, after our first night there, we realised there wasn't much going on and we would have been better staying in West Hollywood, Downtown LA or Santa Monica.The hotel itself is perfect for people on a budget and the rooms are clean and tidy.Having the Hollywood  Highland Centre a minute's walk away is perfect for dining, shopping, etc. Also, the club at the top is pretty cool.Metro line is 3 minutes walk. Easy to use as well.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	2	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Eveleyn
<Content>A Gem In Hollywood We stayed here with our 3 children ages 10-16 and the location and price cannot be beaten. The rooms are not the most up-to-date but our room was quiet, the staff were extremely helpful and courteous and the free parking a bonus. if you are looking for great value in a great location this is the place. If you want 5 stars you may be disappointed but if, like us, you need a place to stop after a busy day this is great value for money and my husband is already planning his trip back.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>sillypie
<Content>Decent, Clean and Good Location       Junior Room- 2 beds  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>angelina_alix
<Content>Great location Great location for Hollywood Boulevard and shopping. Universal studios a short drive away. Large, clean rooms.Helpful reception.Perfect location for exploring Hollywood. Free car park.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>livegoodCanada
<Content>Great Price for the Location! We stayed here recently after reviewing all the reviews of this hotel posted here on tripadvisor. We were not disappointed. The room was large, clean, had free coffee, mini fridge. The hotel also had free internet access on their computer located on the second floor. Laundry facilities are also available at this hotel and we also liked the fact that the hotel had a security system in place and the parking garage was locked and only hotel patrons had access to it and the parking was free. It is literally two minute walk from the Chinese Theatre and Walk of Fame. In fact I am considering going there again to take my elderly mother there as she will be able to get around and not have to walk far. It is in a superb location. Also we found the staff to be very friendly. The hotel is smaller and has a very cozy warm feeling. We plan to stay there again on our next trip to LA!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>BillericayBaz
<Content>Perfect for Hollywood Excellent location, just a couple of minutes walk from Hollywood Boulevard and within easy reach of other great attractions. Short Drive to Universal Studios.Accommodation was very good. We didn't cater for ourselves as good restaurants and coffee shops close by. But the facilities were good enough had we have wanted to.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>storm44
<Content>Great base to explore Hollywood and beyond This hotel is ideally located just a short walk from Hollywood Boulevard and places of interest such as the Kodak Theatre, Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel, and Hollywood Walk of Fame. You can catch a tour bus from the Kodak Theatre which takes you along Rodeo Drive, Sunset Boulevard, through Beverley Hills and up to Universal Studios. The hotel staff are friendly, we purchased tickets to Universal Studios through the hotel and got money off. The rooms are clean and well maintained.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>AngelaDimit
<Content>Good Location, Older hotel The Hollywood orchid suites has a perfect location behind the walk of fame in Hollywood, near a lot of restaurants. The room was very old but had a living room a equipped kitchen, a bedroom and a small bathroom. We used our room only to sleep, but the hotel has a swimming pool (we don鈥檛 used it) and a free PC which you can use for free and even a free printer you could print your flight schedule on it.We don鈥檛 liked LA very much so we only slept here 1 night. I think the price was too high for what you get! At the end of the street you have more budget hotels like motel 6, rodeway inn and day鈥檚 inn, I would definitely choose that hotels the next time because we don鈥檛 used anything but our beds!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>anmelbourne
<Content>Great base for LA We stayed at the Hollywood Orchid suites with another couple. Shared a 1BR suite with 2 King beds. One bed was in separate bedroom and another in the lounge. All in all very very comfortable. Rooms are basic and decor is dated, however it was spotlessly clean and the amenity of the kitchen was handy. Free internet also a plus, as many places in the USA seem to charge a great deal for internet usage. There was also free parking. The location is handy, right behind the Hollywood  Highland mall. There's a pool, although we didnt use it. LA is a city you really need a car to get around as it's vast and there's no centre to speak of. Overall, and particularly for the price, I thought this was an excellent hotel.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>heowa
<Content>Great place Great place.Great location.courteous staff.Exellent value for money!me and my wife stayd there for two weeks in executive suite and liked it a lot.It was great to have full kitchen to use.Dont have to eat out all the time.We have only good things to say about it and recommend it to everybody that likes good clean reasonable priced room.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Sheila1964
<Content>Location Location Location!       bathroom  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>aussie1Sydney
<Content>perfect position As all the reviews state, this hotel is in a perfect position to be able to walk to the main strip.The fact that it had a kitchen was perfect for the family as we were all sick of eating out after spending a week in Disneyland. There was a big supermarket ( Fresh and Easy I think it was called) on the main drag where fresh meat, vegetables and fruit could be purchased.The room itself was quite spacious - it also had a safe which was handy. The pool was well maintained and perfect for a dip after a day out and about.They also provided free internet access on a computer located on the 2nd floor which was great for checking e-mails, getting directions, booking tours etc.The free parking was also a bonus, as was the laundry that was resonably priced.All the staff were pleasant and the service people did a great job cleaning the rooms every day.Just a tip - do not get sucked into doing a tour of the homes of the stars. They are overpriced and you really don't see anything!!I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MeHeAnd3
<Content>Homely well located hotel The Hollywood Orchid Suites are very well located behind the Hollywood and Highland Centre, just a few minutes walk to many of the sights of Hollywwod, restaurants and shopping. There is free car parking underneath if you have a car. The reception staff were all very cheerful and helpful. Despite it being so close to the action we didn't find the noise an issue.We had a one bedroom suite for our family of five. The queen bed with a rollaway in the bedroom was tight but adequate and we also had the king size bed in the living area. We found the kitchen and table handy for basic meal prepartion - (gets expensive to eat out all the time) There is a Longs drugstore and Fresh and Easy market in Hollywoord Blvd to get all your basic needs. The room itself was clean but the furniture etc was quite dated but adequate. Used the guest laundry - convenient for families.The kids swam in the pool which was refreshing after a hot summers day. This hotel is not plush 5 star luxury, but offers a clean comfortable stay in a great location at a good price. I would stay here again and recommend it to others.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	3	3	

<Author>angwri
<Content>Good Choice This hotel is just steps from Hollywood Boulevard, but amazingly quiet. My room overlooked an apartment block, which meant the view was not great, but there was no noise from the shopping centre.As previous reviews state, the place is a little tired, but that can so easily be overlooked with all the advantages.The place is beautifully clean with a pleasant pool and roof terrace.The rooms are very well equipped. There are two double beds, iron/board, hotplate, fridge, coffeemaker, cutlery/crockery, roomsafe, TV, clock/radio and hairdryer. There were always loads of coffee, sugar  creamer. Buying a few basic supplies made it very easy to prepare breakfast in the room There is a huge double mirrored wardrobe and very clean bathroom with bath  shower.I had a small problem with the bath plug  maintenace came to repair it within minutes of reporting it to reception.Very slight negative were the very thin dividing walls meaning next door conversations could be overheard.The hotel is a few yards from the subway  the Hollywood  Highland shopping centre. Also many tours leave from the front of Grauman's Chinese theatre, making very convenient.This is a well located, reasonably priced hotel  I would recommend it for a visit to Hollywood  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Chapas77
<Content>Great staff, great Location Stayyed at the Hollywood Orchid Suites for a couple of nights.From the outside it just looks like a normal building once you got in it was nice.The room was huge with a seperate Kitchen and dining area didnt really use the kitchen much apart from putting some beer in the fridge but it looked like it all worked ok.The pool looked nice but again I didnt use it as was a short stay.Bit of noise acouple of nights as the walls seem thick but the noise ssems to travel through the doors but it soon went away.The best thing about this plae is the Location right at the side of the Hollywood and Highland centre which leads on the walk of fame where there is plenty to see and and places to eat.The staff were helpful when had a couple of questions and handed out leaflets with nearst places to eat, cinema times ect. when I had quesions of how to get to Universal Studios the guy worked there told me how to get there and back. noc harge for leaving luggage eithier.All in all good place to stay  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>teba18
<Content>Right in the heart of Hollywood This place is all about location - if you want to stay somewhere totally central within minutes of the walk of fame, Kodak theatre etc. then this is the place. Yes, it's a bit dated, and maybe a bit noisy but it's in the centre of Hollywood, it's clean, spacious, with a pool, secure parking and free wifi. We had a suite with 2 king beds - one in an 'almost' separate bedroom - with kitchen area. We loved that as it meant we didn't have to go out to find breakfast - by this time we were a bit fed up of pancakes  maple syrup!Eat at Trastevere in Hollywood  Highland, just round the corner - a fantastic Italian!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rplusr
<Content>Fantastic Location And Good Secure Hotel We have just completed a 4 night stay here and were quite impressed with the hotel. As most of the reviews state the location is perfect right behind Kodak Theatre, Mann鈥檚 Chinese Theatre  Hollywood  Highland Mall.Whilst the hotel is not brand new, of course if you do your research you already know that before you book, the price is reasonable and it is in this brilliant location.We had arrived into LA early that morning and after picking up our rental car and doing some sightseeing we arrived at the hotel a couple of hours before check in. They allowed us to park in the carpark and we had a look through the Mall until our room was ready.Our room was very large with 2 armchairs, a separate hallway lead to a large wardrobe and down to the bathroom and there was a separate kitchen with dining table so we were able to have breakfast in the morning before going out. The room was also very clean and there was a courtyard off the main area if you wanted to sit outside or you can also sit at tables near the pool area. There is also free Wi-Fi internet as well.My partner and I would certainly recommend this hotel and should we return to LA in the future we would definitely stay here.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>midsman
<Content>Location, location, location Stayed for 4 nights late in July with partner and 2 kids (18y/o and 15 y/o). Booked after reading reviews here on TA and everything was just as expected.If you want 5* luxury then look elswhere. If you want decent accomodation in the heart of LA at a reasonable price then look no further. Sure, the place is a little dated and the rooms could all do with some attention but at the end of the day it's a Hotel and is to be used as a base and somewhere to sleep.We booked a one bed suite so the kids could have a seperate sleeping area and we found the room to be large enough to accomodate us all easily. There was a kitchen area but we never used if for more than boiling a kettle.This place is all about location - within 2 minutes you can be right on Hollywood Boulevard in the middle of the action. There are lots of places to eat in and around the Hollywood and Highlands Centre and even a great view of the Hollywood Sign.Access is easy and the underground parking and free (although intermmitent) WI-FI came in handy for keeping in touch. Front desk more than helpful when required and we did hear the traffic making deliveries to the HH centre but it never disturbed us. Kids loved the pool after a hot steamy day in LA.Overall we were very glad we booked this hotel and would have no hesitation in recommending to others who are looking for reasonably priced accomodation in the heart of Los Angeles.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Buddy74
<Content>Great stay       Kitchen  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Jose2006
<Content>Just OK. The hotel is a nice bargain for the location and room amenities. Located in the middle of Hollywood, is a 3 start property with a 4 start service. Front desk is extremely helpful, and provide you with many attractions information as soon as you check in. Room is what you expect in a studio apartment. However, don鈥檛 expect a fancy room. Just a nice place to relax. Pool is small, but great. Many dinner options within walking distance. Metro is just 3 minute walk. My only complaint is the noise during the morning due to the trucks loading/unloading process at the mall. Ask for an inside room, not one that face the street.If you are looking for great location and a nice place to relax after a long day, this hotel is a strong option.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>msar1076
<Content>Not For Me Stayed at this hotel for one night in July. One night was plenty. We got there early and was told that we couldn't check in because the room wasn't ready. We could park there though which was good for us. The parking is under the hotel and is accessed only by a locked gate. The whole place has locks everywhere. Locks to the garage, locks to the front desk, locks to the stairwells. I wonder how bad it is that they have to lock everything? We walked over to Hollywood and Highland which looks like a new outdoor mall. Very nice place. Within minutes of the hotel. We then walked Hollywood Blvd. Went back to the hotel and was told we could check in. Went to our room only to find cleaning ladies still there. They rushed out of there. They only left two towels for four people. I had to go find them to get more towels. Room was just okay. It was really big but very outdated. It had a weird smell. The bed was extremely uncomfortable. Very lumpy, terrible. Room was as clean as it could be for a very old place. The pool was very clean although we didn't use it.The worst part about the whole thing is at 5:30 am you feel like you're at a freight terminal. You're right behind the mall so you hear trucks backing up making deliveries. Unloading of the trucks and trucks ideling while waiting to unload. The whole hotel was up by then or so it seemed. This place is alright for one night but IMO I wouldn't stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Uktraveller84
<Content>Perfect Hotel We are so glad that we chose this hotel as it was perfect for our 4 day stay in LA. Great location just behind the Kodak theatre with easy access through the Hollywood Highland centre to Hollywood Boulavard and access to transit at Hollywood/HighlandWe found the hotel on Google Earth and had checked the Tripadvisor reviews so we were fairly sure it would be good. However we thought it was perfect, the price was good, it had a pool and we liked staying in the apartments so that we didn't have to eat out all the time. It is an old hotel so a bit worn but very clean and great service/advice fo first time LA visitors. They have useful sheets that list local restaurants (we recommend Mel's Diner) and we ordered in Chinese with menus provided by reception. Free wifi was also perfect.Don't listen to the locals who say you cannot survive in LA without a car! We used www.metro.net and took buses to Venice Beach, took the underground rail to downtown and Universal Studios all for fraction of price of taxi and just as fast.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Stavanger99
<Content>Excellent location First of all: Good, large rooms with kingsize-beds. Great value, free wireless internet, free parking, and best of all: Location.Located by Kodak Theatre, and with Walk-of-fame just seconds away, this was a great place to stay in LA. From here you can see the famous Hollywood-sign, walk down walk-of-fame and Universal Studios is just 10 minutes by car away.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>joanne1968
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed in this hotel with my cousin we went to LA alot and we always stayed at this hotel it is clean and very big and the pool was great and it is near everything. I am gona go back and take my daughter.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	-1	5	-1	-1	

<Author>DutchDiverGirl
<Content>An average hotel, but what a great location! We stayed at the Hollywood Orchid Suites for three days. We could park our rental car in the underground parking of the hotel, which was very convenient. The building looks quite dated, as does the lobby, but the lady at the front desk was very friendly. The room was large and it had a separate fully equiped kitchen with a dining table. The funiture and drapes were clean, but not very modern. In the kitchen there was an unpleasant smell, of which we have not been able to determine the cause.The reason we chose this hotel was the location, in the center of Hollywood, right behind the Kodak Theather. It proved to be a good choice. There are plenty of eateries nearby and after catching a movie at the Man Chinese Theater, it is only a five minute stroll to your bed. If you're not looking for a very modern hotel, but want your hotel to be in a top location, chose the Hollywood Orchid Suites.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>BingySeattle
<Content>Hollywood Orchid fit the bill! This motel is an old apartment complex made over into a suites hotel. Key word is old! Although the property could stand with some major updating I would stay there again in a New York minute! The location was absolutely outstanding, the staff was very friendly and helpful, free parking, very large suite (we were in a deluxe king), secure, free safe in room and relatively clean (not spotless but clean enough). The pool area was very, very clean and looked quite inviting but we were on the go from 9am until at least 10pm every day there so we did not get a chance to swim. I would recommend this motel to anyone on a budget but looking for great value and location. I would NOT recommend this motel to someone who is accustomed to 4 or 5 star type hotel/resorts!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	2	5	5	4	

<Author>Kat1sydney
<Content>Great hotel, safe, secure location. We stayed 4 nights in May and found the hotel to be in a great location and perfect for our needs. While it may not be brand new, for the price and location it was great value. We would definatly recommend this hotel unless you are looking for 5 star this will suit your needs. Very friendly staff and accommodation. Due to its location there was large amout of 24hour security which made it very safe at any hour.Kat and Mike - Sydney  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NomadX
<Content>Great Location in LA if without a car As several other reviews here will tell this is a great hotel for location... literally minutes by foot from Hollywood Boulevard.The staff are really friendly, the hotel not only has a free access pc with internet but also has a printer making printing off boarding pass a breeze.The rooms are spacious and clean and price is a bargain.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	4	5	

<Author>sportzfan86
<Content>Hollywood Awesome Suites We recently stayed at the Hollywood Orchid Suites on our round the world trip. We booked here because of the good reviews on tripadvisor and we weren't dissapointed!The hotel is located right in the centre of hollywood about a minute walk away from Hollywood Boulevard.The room was clean and housekeeping good throughout the stay. The room was also quite big for just a standard twin room so you can't go wrong.We also went to Universal Studios during our stay which the reception was able to help us with cheap tickets which helped us avoid the queues for tickets. Universal Studio is only one stop away on the train from the suites.Anyway I would highly recommend this hotel for its location, price and amenities provided.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>CYKL
<Content>An apartment in a convenient location We had an executive 2-bed suite, which had a combined living and sleeping room, one separate kitchen, and a terrace. The apartment is probably 60m2 in total, there isn't much walking space in the combined living and sleeping room, where there are 2 beds, a TV, and 2 armchairs. The dining table (for 4 people) are in the kitchen. The kitchen is equipped with the usual kitchen stuff, though the only things we used were the coffee machine and kettle.There is an aircon as well as a heater in the combined sleeping and living room. One point to highlight is that the carpet is rather sticky. We walked barefoot in the room and after a while, our soles were all black. I also killed an unidentified bug in the room. But I won't say it's exactly the hotel's fault, because when I was walking along the streets outside at night, I saw a lot of cockroaches. So maybe it's just the general condition of that part of LA.There is also free internet and printer and paper in the lobby.The apartment is located in an area accessible by lots of bus lines and the metro red line. We took the metro to Chinatown, and the buses to Sunset Strip, Farmer's Market and The Grove, and the La Brea Tar Pits.We were in LA again at the last part of our trip and we stayed at another hotel in another part of LA. While it had been a hassle/problem-free stay at Orchid Suites, I probably would try another place or stay with the other hotel that I have stayed at in this trip, if I were to revisit LA.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	5	3	3	

<Author>infolondon
<Content>Orchid Suites Hollywood I've stayed in some excellent locations, but it is hard to beat this one. Barely 30 seconds walk to the Hollywood  Highland centre. 3 minute walk to red line metro, 90 seconds to Starbucks, etc. The rooms are an excellent size with kitchen, living area, bedroom and bathroom.Staff varied in terms of helpfulness and friendliness. No one was rude but one particular lady did annoy me who continued to chat on the phone whilst serving me. My biggest complaint was to do with general upkeep. Some small repairs did need to be undertaken in our room (104). Hole in bed blanket. Very top bit missing off cold tap. Tap drips. Hairdryer didn't work. We did mention this to reception but nothing got done to correct problem. Toilet became blocked easily, I was given a plunger. Wireless internet worked fine in living room, but the signal was too weak to use in bedroom. Overall I might stay here again. If you want a bed for the night in a great location stay here, if you want anything more look for somewhere else.Note: To get to the hotel from the Hollywood Highlands metro station the easiest route is to turn right out of the station. Pass a couple of shops. You'll then be at the entrance to Hollywood  Highlands centre. Go up escalator to level 2 then head left across courtyard. Pass Kodak shop on your right and take exit tunnel next to Kodak shop. On walking out on to the street you'll see the hotel diagonally left of you.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Scatterling
<Content>Great, Great, Great !! What a treat this little hotel is!! We booked what I think they call a junior suite. It was great!! Clean, and exactly what we were looking for. The location of this place is unbelievable. Just behind the Kodak theatre, and a shopping centre. We had a kitchen in our suite, so just popped down to a nearby grocery store and bought some provisions. This kept our costs down and was great to have a quick meal at home after a long day of sight seeing.There is a pool which was great as the weather was really hot in the few days we were there. The staff are very friendly, and the hotel is very secure, as you are given a key for the door. There are washing machines in the basement, and I think, free parking. (we didn't have a car, but I did overhear someone saying it was free).While we were there, there were some awards evening, so we had fun trying to spot some stars.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who was looking for a clean, friendly place to stay.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ROADSTERGAL
<Content>Clean, okay for short stay, staff very accomodating I was staying in San Diego for one week and we decided to drive up to LA for one night. Because it was only for one night and we were only using the facility for sleeping and showering, we decided to stay here based on the reviews. It was clean and centrally located as described. The free parking was another reason for choosing this hotel. I would say it was adequate for a short stay. I would never want to stay here for any extended period of time. For a extended stay on vacation, I would be looking for more than bare, minimal accomodations. I would encourage anyone who is on a budget to stay here, however. The security is top notch and as I stated it is a great location right behind Mann's theatre on Hollywood Blvd.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sue2004
<Content>Location Locstion Location We stayed 4 nights at this great hotel. Okay the kitchens were a little dated but clean. The size of the rooms were massive. We had a two bed suite (i think thats what it was). In the first room there was a superking size bed , an armchair , tv , dinning table and 4 chairs and a complete kitchen all but a washing machineand masses of room. Then through a short hallway which had 2 sliding mirrored doors which housed the safe and hanging space and shelves, also another cupboard with hanging space. Into a mirrored area with sink and mirrored cabinet on the wall. Off of this was a toilet and bath with shower over and also another room with a superking bed and mirrored built in wardrobes , 2 bedside cabinets and tv. this room also had a ceiling fan as well as air con. Between the first room at the start of the hallway was a hidden sliding door that you could close if privacy was needed . Bit detailed i know, but when i want info on a place i like to know it all. Was a very secure hotel with doors locked at night and couldnt get in without your key or the desk clerk letting you in. The free wifi in room would have been good if we had bought our laptops but there is a free pc on second floor with a free printer. Great location 20 yards or so from the Mall, when you walk through the mall and come out in the open go left and there a great view of the Hollywood sign. You must try the Restaraunt called The Grill upstairs in the mall, the steaks are to die for. Also a johnny rockets and other ast food places.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>i_dr
<Content>A detailed review; also, in comparison to a nearby hotel I was in Los Angeles for a total of nine days recently. The initial four of which was spent here at the Orchid Suites. And they were a good four days.Unlike the previous reviewer, my experience in check-in was pleasant. We came in late past 10 pm, tired from a 4+ hr. drive from Las Vegas. On our way over, I was worried that our room might be given to another guest so I called to confirm our arrival. The person who answered assured me that our room is waiting for us. Upon arrival, the same man who I talked to earlier greeted us with a smile. Check-in was a breeze. Good start I thought.The last time I was in L.A. was more than a dozen years ago. And my memory of this part of town was that it was seedy. But reading the reviews here in T.A., I found out that the area has undergone a transformation. But unless I witnessed it myself, I had my doubts especially since I was travelling with my 7  12 yr. olds. So security was a major issue. I took a chance since I felt that this is the area I wanted to be in.The road where the hotel was located is a real quiet road where nary a vehicle pass. This despite the presence of delivery trucks to the nearby big hotel and mall. The traffic from the surrounding very busy streets of Hollywood, Highland and Franklin could not be heard.One of the things I liked was that upon check-in, you will be given a key (aside from your room key) that can open all the other common doors like the entrance and garage doors which were locked. Safe.The garage is located underneath the hotel and was ample. It was always full but I managed to find a spot all the time. And for those wondering, I saw big SUVs parked with space to spare.Transporting your luggage was easy since there was an elevator.The room was big, generously appointed, and clean. The look won't win any awards and might even be dated and turn off some, but it didn't matter to me. I liked the fact that it had a complete kitchen with a ref, mini oven, microwave, coffee maker and plates and glasses even. You can save money by preparing meals occassionally. A bonus were the mini safe in the closet and the working heater in the bathroom (it was cold when we were there). Service was good. The front desk staff would suggest activities for the day when they see you in the morning (or at least one did). And they were cheerful when answering my daily querries. Aside from the ready answers when asking for a great place for breakfast or a nearby grocery store, they researched and got back to me when I asked sor something they didn't know ( I asked for a nearby church if you must know).And let me repeat the available free wi-fi.You could probably find better accommodations elsewhere. But at $139 a day, it is hard to fault this hotel. Okay, included breakfast would be nice. Would I come back? I definitely would.After my stay here, I brought the family to San Diego and Anaheim, but returned to L.A. for unfinished sight-seeing. But for comparison's sakes, I decided to book at the Hollywood Celebrity Hotel for the 2nd half of our L.A. holiday.Let me state that it is hard to choose between the two hotels. While I liked everything that the Orchid offered, the free breakfast at the Celebrity may be clincher for some. Add that to the fact that the latter is $10 cheaper. But on the Orchid's plus side, you feel more secure in it. Plus, it is a more convenient hotel. This is expounded in my review of the Hollywood Celebrity Hotel.The way I see it, if you have a car with you, the Orchid Hotel might be a better deal. If you don't, the free breakfast and the $10 difference might point you to the Celebrity instead. Personally, I'd put the Orchid Suites in front by a whisker (I had a car). Travelling with my young ones, I like the security and the convenience it offers. Plus the free breakfast the other hotel offers I offset by buying some bread, cereal and juice myself (which is pretty inexpensive).Sorry if this review has stretched out the way it did. Jet lag has given me extra time to write early in the morning (2 am). I just hope I helped you decide if this is the right hotel for you.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>HotelReviewerNOLA
<Content>My only complaint My only complaint is that we stayed there. The carpet was SO dirty that my feet were black. The bed was terrible. They were late getting the room ready and while we were walking in, they said (in broken English) Don't touch the walls, the paint is still wet. The people upstairs was stomping all night, even after I called the front desk to complain. The bathroom window was open and UNABLE to close...so no showers. Glad we only stayed 2 nights...but 2 nights toooooo long!I will say that the size of the room was nice and the location was GREAT. But that is about all I can say nice.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	2	2	2	

<Author>salaciouscrum
<Content>good overall, but... I booked the orchid after reading fabulous reviews here, and the price was very reasonable. It's great for a budget hotel, and I know I've stayed at worse.The location was pretty good, right in the middle of Hollywood and nearby the hh mall. I had been worried about noise from delivery trucks early in the morning, as other travelers have said, but I didn't hear any. The free wifi was awesome, and the room was kept well. The roof garden was a nice place to hang out- the only drawback was there really was no view. Didn't use the pool, but it looked pretty clean. The little patio to our room was a nice touch.Among my complaints would be: the surliness of the check in clerk. I guess we had arrived earlier than expected, and the woman acted like it was some big hassle to tell me our room wasn't ready yet. I was so put off by this I had my boyfriend deal with her when we officially checked in. The rest of the staff was great, except for her. We would have used the kitchenette more, but there was a strange smell in there, even when we first arrived. This is a great hotel for visitors to LA and Hollywood, but their customer service skills are a little lacking  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	2	4	5	

<Author>moniquestrydom
<Content>Great Stay! We had the great privilege of staying at the Hollywood Orchid Suites right at the end of a very long holiday. During our holiday we stayed at various hotels and resorts and backpacker accommodations - so we have seen and experienced a little bit of everything. We all agreed that this was one of the nicest places we have stayed and apart from all the plusses, also the most economic of all. Our internet booking was responded to very fast and efficient. I had to change our booking due to a change in our travel plans and it was dealt with just as efficiently. We booked a Junior Suite and when we arrived we were told that we have been upgraded to a bigger suite - at the same price! The room was an absolute delight - big room with two massive beds, TV, aircon and a big kitchen with dining area. After being on the road and eating out of restaurants for 3 weeks, it was such a pleasure to be able to cook again. The staff at the reception was extremely helpful and gave us very good advice on where to go and what to see. The hotel is also ideally situated - right behind the Kodak Teather (where the Oscars are held) and also on the Walk of Fame. Also a great shopping centre right next to it. Although many people say that this area is touristy and rundown, we did not think so at all. Well, it is touristy, but there is a great excitement in the air. We only had a day and 陆 in the area, so did the Walk of Fame, Ripleys (we have a 6 year old!), took the bus to Santa Monica and booked the Celebrity House Tour - which turned out to be a really interesting tour with regards to LA and where things are happening. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>l4ndncame
<Content>Great place to stay       Executive Suite  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DonnaLee5
<Content>Loved this Hotel I came to Hollywood with my mom in law for a film festival off of Beverly. We had previously booked a room at The Farmer's Daughter, but cancelled once we found this sweet bargain! A very much affordable suite hotel within walking distance of Hollywood Blvd and shopping/attractions plus great security and free on-site parking! How can that be beat?The room was terrific! Plenty of space with a full kitchen and dining area. We had a balcony too! We had booked one of the 2bedroom executive suites. It was very clean with comfortable beds. For once I did not wake up with a back-ache from sleeping in a strange bed.The staff was very friendly and informative. I also got great use of the free high speed internet computer available. I was able to print out much needed directions with ease. I will most definitely stay at The Orchid again. Great Value and Great Price!~ Donna  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>tavo82
<Content>Great stay, not too shabby The location to this hotel is fantastic, right in the middle of Hollywood. Rooms are a decent size, clean and fairly comfortable. We had a room with a kitchenette, as expected the kitchen facilities weren鈥檛 fantastic, one stove didn鈥檛 work, there weren鈥檛 a lot of cooking utensils, but we could get by to save some costs of eating out. Free internet and printing service is great. Also has secure parking.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wvdeb
<Content>Very clean and in a great location! The staff was friendly and very nice and the room was very clean. The room was, of course, older decor, but that's what you expect for an older hotel in Hollywood - LOCATION! You're in HOLLYWOOD!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pepperspikes
<Content>Great location, lovely place Having just got off the plane in LA, we were quite jetlagged and tired, but this place was relatively easy to find and there was ample underground parking for our hire car. The front desk was courteous and we were very quickly checked in, and went to our mini apartment on the first floor. Although it wasn't a beautiful building, the decoration was fine and it was clean and felt safe. There was a small pool, although it was overshadowed by the many buildings around it and when we went in winter it looked pretty cold! The location was amazing - round the corner from the center of Hollywood, with easy access to the underground trains and the main highways of Los Angeles. Only negative points about the location were that it was right next to the back entrance of a large mall - great for easy access but meant we were occasionally disturbed by distribution trucks. We booked a self-catering apartment that came with most basic kitchen items, although filters for the coffee maker would have been much appreciated!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>karenvegas
<Content>Awesome I have just returned with my friend after my second stay at this great hotel .I will certainly be staying here again when I next visit. Fantastic spacious room, fully equipped kitchen, really comfortable beds.Most importantly it was really clean. The staff were really lovely. Very helpful and courteous. Even let us check out or our rooms a little late.There is free internet access which is really useful. The hotel is situated right in the heart of Hollywood.The surrounding area is really safe enough to walk around at night. Right next to the Hollywood and Highland complex which has some great shops and fast food places (on 3rd floor) . Also right near the Metro and buses go from nearby to all attractions. If you want something really different to do whilst in town try the Dearly Departed tour(www.dearlydepartedtours.com)which not only shows you famous muder sites but it is very informative and gives you alot of history on old Hollywood- well worth checking out!!!It was a real pleasure staying in the Orchid Suites and I will definitely be returning.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nicks_gal
<Content>excellent location, great value, clean and confortable Have just stayed here for two nights, it was excellent, it cost us about 拢45 a night and was well worth it, two mins walk from kodak theatre, walk of fame etc.Very Clean, comfortable suites with kitchen and massive bathroom etc.Free internet access to catch up on your emails etc,Staff friendly and helpful.Decor a bit dated but in terms of value for money and location i think you would struggle to do better than this in los angeles.Would thoroughly recommend.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>student81
<Content>Big rooms, great location       Front entrance  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>dougie78
<Content>Great Location, Great Value Very happy with the place. Couldn't be closer to the action, literally right next door to the Kodak Theatre. Very comfortable and clean. We booked the 2 king option as were travelling with another couple. Comfortable beds. Didn't see any of the dodgyness associated with Hollywood. Found it very safe! So much to do. Secure parking.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>curatokid
<Content>Best location in town If you want to be in the heart of Hollywood this is the place, the walls next to the hotel are the Kodak theatre so cant get much nearer, yes maybe its not up to five star standard but as said previously you get what you pay for  if you want basic accomadation this is fine, the staff were very helpful and advised on trips etc, the underground car park is free and has a lift up to your floor, the fact that you can walk 100 yards and be in a mall with loads restaurants is great, value for money, would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Bjmc28
<Content>Great location and value for money Having never been to LA before I had no idea where to start looking. There were so many mixed reviews on what part of town to stay in and everything seemed so expensive! In the end I took a punt and booked at Orchid Suits and we were not disappointed. While the rooms are dated they are clean and comfortable and the location cannot be beat. We had a car so drove around the rest of LA but being so close to all the main parts of Hollywood was a bonus and there were heaps of shops and restaurants nearby plus all the Hollywood attractions. It was really easy to park in the undercover carpark and we had a 1bed king room with kitchen facilities that was all clean and tidy and everything worked well.If it is 5 star luxury you are after then you will be dissappointed by this place but if it is a clean room with lots of space and good location for a good price then this place is excellent.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Stroppers
<Content>Great location for budget travellers Had stayed here before in Summer of '06, and returned in January for a second visit. The rooms are big, but have seen better days and a refurb is overdue. However, the location, staff and price more than make up for it! if you want to stay in Hollywood, you'd really struggle to get a better location. The hotel literally backs on to Manns Theatre on Hollywood Boulevard. We had 2 nights here, drove to Vegas, and then came back for 1 more night before flying home, so stayed in 2 different rooms. We had no problems with noise/neighbours etc. The kitchen is well equipped, and also had a dining area which was a bonus. Area feels safe; the first time we stayed we walked up to the Hollywood Bowl at night to see the LA Philharmonic Orchestra play Tchaikovsky with fireworks - amazing experience, and we don't even like classical music!!! Would recommned Mels Diner for dinner and/or breakfast - ask reception for directions!!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>OldTravelingGuy
<Content>What a Dump! We just returned from LA to visit our Granddaughter. I found the Orchid online and it seemed OK. Being on a dead end street enticed us thinking it would be quiet, and the price seemed reasonable.........Well as the proverb says You get what you pay for!While having complimentary underground parking, I can think of nothing else good. The rooms are old and seem to be a converted condo/studio apartment deal. Spacious, yes, Nice-No. The bed is the WORST we have ever slept on, and the NOISE, my God! We were there on a Saturday night and the construction noise sounded as if they were in the basement. Each time a door slammed or a phone rang, or an ambulance raced by you were awakened. Plan carefully when coming to LA and avoid staying at this cute Hotel.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AustraliaAustralia
<Content>Great stay Were a bit dubious about the outside but as soon as we got inside the staff were wonderful. We have two little boys and they made an effort to remember their names and gave them a little gift each. The room was HUGE, with own kitchen with every possible thing in it, unlike most hotel kitchens. Even the housekeeping staff were great, very clean, a few stains on floor, but staff cant do anything about that. Little laundy , vending machine downstairs. It is definately not 5 star but they were so nice, comfortable and so close to everything. Not the best area, some bums and weirdos, butthe big shopping plaza next door was very upmarket with lots of shops and great views of hollywood sign.Oh and free internet and printing.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Perficio
<Content>Unbeatable Location!       Lobby  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	4	3	4	

<Author>bargain
<Content>Thin walls I doubt there could be a lower priced hotel room located in as good a location in Los Angeles. Our room was spacious and was pretty much like a studio apartment. Washers and dryers are located in the basement next to the underground parking. Just across the road is the super luxurious Renaissance Hotel with room rates 3 times that of the Hollywood Orchid Suites. If money is not an issue, stay at the Renaissance. For those with a limited budget like us, the Hollywood Orchid Suites is a really good option. We did have problems with the noise though. We were woken up at 4am by loud laughter and excited girls' voices outside our room. The next night, we were woken up by heavy footsteps and other banging noises from the room above ours. The walls are so thin that we can hear the people staying in the room next to ours talking to each other. But, we were out most of the day. It's a short walk to the Metro from where it's one stop away from Universal Studios in one direction, and one stop away from the Pantages Theatre (where we watched an excellent performance of Wicked) in the other direction.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>janetea
<Content>great       our suite  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>sez_dee
<Content>Excellent! Hollywood Orchid suites is a great budget hotel . The staff were always helpful and cheerful and the 24 hour reception desk was great. The rooms are not the nicest but for the price you can not complain. Across the road from the hotel is the entrance to Hollywood and Highland and there are always people around, even at night, so i always felt safe. I dont think there would be a better location in Hollywood for the price. I would highly recommend this hotel for any budget traveller visiting Hollywood.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>NZOZ-team
<Content>Perfect- Could Not Rate More Highly This hotel is fabulous. The location is unbeatable and the price is the best part! Short walk (2 minutes) to downtown Hollywood, Chinese Theatre and the boardwalk, 2 minute walk to train station and one train stop from Universal Studios. Great underground parking if you have transport (although at this place you would not need it as everthing in Hollywood is at your doorstep). Friendly hotel staff, eager to help with any request. Lovely big clean pool and deck chairs to relax on. Rooms are huge, big beds and large kitchens means you can cook anything. Very clean rooms which are serviced prefectly every morning.Could not rate this hotel more highly, would definately be back and would reccommend this hotel to anyone I know.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aussiemumGoldCoast
<Content>good value My 10 year old daughter and I had a 3 day stopover in Hollywood and stayed and the Orchid Suites. I found the staff excellent, very helpful, you cannot get a better location for this money, and for the price, very clean and large rooms, complete with kitchens, so you can save on meal expenses. The staff will book your tours, and Hollywood and Highland Shopping Complex is literally a stones through away. Very safe part of Hollywood, and highly recommended for families. The only downside is it is a bit noisey and not great views.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Elisa_B
<Content>Above average stay We stayed here for 3 nights - fantastic location, right behind Chinese theatre - couldnt fault this - definitely made stay easy and convenient.Room was large - we had a two bedroom suite. Rooms a little outdated but still were clean. Would stay here again for the convenience of the location.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MaryJeanC
<Content>GREAT LOCATION My daughter, grandson and I stayed 2 nights August 15-16,2007 at the Orchid Suites Hotel.The hotel is walking distance to Hollywood and Highland Mall and all the other Hollywood sites. Our room had 2 queen beds,full kitchen and a balcony. Our first night we went to the mall for the whole evening and returned to our room around 9:00PM. The next day we went to Universal Studios and it was late when we returned so parking was an issue in the uderground parking lot but someone was leaving as we came back so we were able to park. Some parking spaces are very tight. There is also parking on the street.Our last morning we went back to mall before check-out. We would recommend this hotel to everyone. We felt safe walking to the mall. There is a post office right before the entrance to the mall. There's a lot of restaurants in the mall. Fun,fun fun!!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Ms_Jules
<Content>Apartment accommodation at budget hotel prices Being in LA for ten days I wanted more than just a hotel room and this was it! My deluxe room, at around $116/night, was a one bedroom apartment with plush sofa and armchairs, dining area, full kitchen and separate bedroom (with heaps of closet space) and well-appointed bathroom. And essential for the modern traveller - free high speed wi-fi. (there is also a fixed internet terminal avail free on the first floor). The spacious suite was well kept, clean and pleasant - I overlooked the pool and there is also a roof-top garden, as well as laundry facilities. Staff, from the management, to reception desk and cleaning staff, were lovely - helpful, and courteous. I was going to move to Venice Beach for my last four days - but I loved Orchid Suites so much I stayed on there! It really felt like a home away from home.Location is fantastic and close to buses and trains to everywhere. Don;t believe the myth - you can get around L.A. easily and cheaply on public transport.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovestotravel86
<Content>What's not to love?!?!       The room (you can tell 4 girls lived here!)  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bertieboy
<Content>Great Location, Great Value, Great Everything       Orchid Suites  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>CincyCD
<Content>Excellent Location and Value We stayed at this hotel 3 nights during a west coast trip that included LA and San Diego. The location was unbeatable, just behind the Kodak Theatre/Mall and walking minutes to Hollywood Blvd's main attractions! We also purchased discount tickets for Universal Studios from the hotel desk for $52 ea and rode the Metro one stop (a Metro stop is also minutes away) to Univeral's front gate.The hotel staff was friendly and accommodating. The room was huge, (more of a suite that included a bedroom, bath, kitchenette, and TV room), a bit dark and dated, but clean. A bonus was the free secure parking under the hotel, (yes the spots are tight but i was driving a compact!)I would return to this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Works4TheMouse
<Content>Excellent Location My best friend and I stayed here for one night in September for a girls night out to see Wicked at the Pantages. The pre-registration parking is a bit of a nightmare. You can't park on the street because it's permit only and you can't park in the hotel parking lot because it's secured by a gate that you need a key. I left my friend in the car in the parking lot driveway while I ran in to get a key, parked and then registered so it worked out. The hotel is not luxurious. If you are looking for 4 or 5 star accommodations, you'd be better off at the Marriott next door. Just be prepared to pay about $400.00 more a night plus $30.00 a day parking! The staff was extremely friendly. Our room was not ready when we checked in but since we arrived prior to the check in time it was not a problem. We had a JR suite with two beds and it was a perfect size for two women to try and get ready for the theatre. It had a little refrigerator that was great for keeping our Diet Coke in and a little coffee maker for wake up coffee the next morning.The location to Hollywood Blvd is awesome. Just a short walk to the corner and the Metro Station is right there to take you wherever you want to go. And dining choices are unbelievable with the Hollywood and Highland Center right in front of you as well as the Disney Store and Soda Shop just across the street.If you are looking for a clean, friendly place to sleep, shower and change while seeing the sights or going to the theatre, this hotel is the place you want to stay.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>smiffy79
<Content>Good Hotel - needs updating a bit. We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights on out trip to Los Angeles. The hotel is in a great location if you want to see Hollywood, however LA is so big you have to drive to get anywhere else. It is directly next to the Hollywood and Highland mall which is great for shopping, restaurants etc. The staff were very nice and the parking is really handy. Our room was large with 2 double beds and a kitchenette which was quite good. The d茅cor is a little worn but everything looked clean. It could be quite noisy at night but I think you have to expect this in LA. The pool was really lovely and we enjoyed having a dip in the afternoon and enjoyed catching some rays on the roof terrace as well. We went to Universal Studios one day on the subway which was really easy. The rest of the time we used our car. Our only issue with this hotel is that I saw a cockroach downstairs in the laundry and vending machine area. The area is exposed to the outside and I鈥檓 sure there would not be any in the room but it made me a bit nervous and worried for the last night. If I were to go to LA again I probably wouldn鈥檛 stay in Hollywood as we have seen it now but would go to Santa Monica etc  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Steve_Guttenberg
<Content>Recommended I stayed for 4 nights with my girlfriend as part of a road trip around california, and it was great.Clean, friendly, safe and enjoyable.As mentioned in previous reviews, this place has a fantastic location, just off Hollywood Boulevard and all the tourist stuff, you know the deal. There is also a convenience store selling basics  liquor just across the street.The staff were some of the most helpful we came across in over 2 weeks. They helped with directions, maps, advice...... you name it. And they did it with a smile too.The pool wasn't as heated as expected, but the cold water certainly helped freshen me up in the morning anyway!Free internet access, free underground parking for about 25 cars (one of the main bonuses for us).The Suite was a good size, and the kitchen and dining table a nice bonus.Only slight problem was a bit of noise in the mornings coming from the Renaissance Hotel...... trucks reversing, skips being emptied etc, though I think this was due to some specific construction work being done at the time, and not a permanent problem.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone, and would stay there again myself.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>DSXM
<Content>Great location; average lodging We booked this hotel for 4 people to spend a couple of nights in Hollywood. We picked it based on the reviews on this site and the cost. The location can not be beat if you want to experience Hollywood and still have a peaceful night's sleep. It is right behind the Hollywood and Highland Center, and you have your own walkway from the hotel into the shopping mall part of the center. You can walk to food, shopping, attractions, the Metro, and everything else imagineable. The hotel itself has secure parking and a front door that has to buzz you in, so you are certainly safe. The staff was friendly and accomodating. They gave us extra towels for the pool and for the room. The pool did not seem heated as advertised. There was no view to speak of as well. The rooms are average and the property could use some updating. Nevertheless, it was very clean and presentable.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>jondeb2005
<Content>Good rooms, great location Stayed 3 nights when in LA, great location as mentioned in previous reviews. After staying in a few motels on our journey, it was nice to have a couch and kitchen to make a home from home for a few days. Yes, the rooms are a bit dated but quite adequate and comfortable. Great free internet access and loads of secure parking underground, we enjoyed our stay here and got a good price for the location. Booked direct with the hotel. If we go back to hollywood I would stay here again. Hollywood was good but a little bit dirty compared to the rest of LA, and came away a little disappointed. Took a while to find nice places to eat, would recommend Mels Diner and also the posh burger place - 25 degrees in the Roosevelt hotel which are both nearby.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>carolauckland
<Content>Great motel This is excellent accommodation at a reasonable price. The location is ideal (right behind Kodak Theatre in Hollywood). Great pool. The decor in the rooms is a little old, but its clean and the kitchen is well appointed. As a family of 5, I booked 2 adjoining rooms which opened up together, so we had 2 bathrooms. It was fantastic. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Maccas14
<Content>Location! Location! You cannot get much closer to Hollywood Blvd, The Walk of Fame, Chinese Theatre than this!!! This is literally a two minutes walk to the walk of fame! The Service was fantastic, very helpful people even helped find where the resturant we were going to was, printed off maps, give us some good helpful tips for LA. The rooms were big, roomy and clean bit on the old side but for dollar value and location this place is well worth it. Also free internet on the second floor which is always handy.Highly reccommended!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>softiegal
<Content>Good Location We stayed at this hotel in December 2006.Pros:- Excellent location, very close to all the action- Good Price - Secure parking- Pool looked nice (although we did not use it)Cons:- Room was kind of dark (no view) and felt very dated- Carpets need cleaning and room had a slight smell to it.Overall the hotel was okay for the price. It was basic, but nice.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	3	4	

<Author>dilidali
<Content>Big rooms and Close to it all       Outside view of The Hollywood Orchid Suites  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>mohicans
<Content>Location, location, location Wow - for a stay in Hollywood - this is the place you want to be. It is an older property, but the owners seem very committed to providing the best they can provide for budget travellers looking for a clean, safe place at a fair price. There is evidence of slow but sure upgrading and renovating in common areas - and while the rooms have dated furniture and stuff - considering the great price for such a location - and its all okay.We had a 2 king bed suite and stayed 4 nights. We were very comfortable there. Universal is only one subway stop away - and the Hollywood  Highland Center is right next door. Get up in the morning and wander over to Grauman's Chinese theatre before the tour buses start arriving and you'll have the whole courtyard to yourself. If you are driving, the underground parking is perfect.This place has a lot of character and the staff are marvelous. We'd gladly stay again and again - couldn't recommend it more!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TwoCruisenuts
<Content>We like this hotel We enjoyed our one night stay at the Hollywood Orchid Suites. We were in town to see a concert at the Kodak Theatre but didn't want to pay the high prices for the Marriott Renaissance.We were surprised to find this hotel was located across a small street at the end of a short hallway leading from the Hollywood/Highland complex. I mean it was just steps from all the shopping, movie theatres and the Kodak Theatre!We were impressed by the large rooms and the very large kitchen! It's larger than mine at home! And both of us slept like babies! It was so quiet and the beds were very comfortable.This would be an ideal place to take the children and make a weekend out of seeing a movie at the historic El Capitan Theatre, shop at the Disney store next door, put your feet into the footprints of the stars next door at Graumeins, and look at the Hollywood Walk of Fame right there under your feet!!Oh there are so many things to do and see right within those few blocks!I would give the hotel 5 stars except that it's a little worn around the edges. Quite clean, but in need of an update. But I suppose the rates would go up accordingly and this little gem we found would cost nearly as much as the other more famous hotels nearby!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>phantom4536000
<Content>Very clean and convenient Our stay here was very pleasant. Check in was fast. Room was very clean. Hotel was in the middle of everything. The parking was secure. I felt secure at this hotel. We like it so much that we decided to stay an extra day and they accomedated us very pleasantly. They even gave us an extra discount for staying the 5th day. We were overall pleased with everything.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Quadders
<Content>Best One Star Rated Hotel in My Book! A One Star Rating, someone needs to look at that! This place for a family, etc. IS THE BEST! Spacious rooms and the location is PERFECT! Went with my family a 6 in one suite, plenty of room hubby and I even had a seperate bedroom, clean kitchen for cooking, POOL!! You really couldn;t ask for more! Their staff was more then accomadating, my suburban fit in their 6'4 garage, which we thought it wouldnt, so parking BIG PLUS! Theres a HUGE mall right out the front door, I can't say enough and I was so nervous because we didn't know area and the ONE STAR rating, GO FOR IT!!! Just skip the tours of famous peoples houses, RIP OFF - All you see is bushes!! and the bushes are 15feet high! Save your $$$! Thanks ORCHID, we'll be back FOR SURE!!!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TRIPSOPHIE
<Content>Excellent choice Travelling with my family (we are four) we found this hotel very convenient to visit los angeles. We could park our car in a closed parking, we had nearly a small apartment with 2 rooms and a kitchenette with everything necessary to make a breakfast. Many closets, a safe. The place is quiet because it is in a no way street. We also had a swimming pool which we enjoyed to use.The front desk woman was always ready to help when we had to find an adress.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Lauri
<Content>Convenient, clean and very comfortable! We are a family of five who just returned from a short two night stay at Orchid suites at the end of a two week multi-city vacation. The location was very convenient, Kodak theater and Highlands mall next door with well lit access . Universal Studios and Warner Brothers studios were part of our sightseeing and both were very easy to reach and only a short drive from the property. Staff was very welcoming and attentive to all needs, questions and assisted with tour arrangements/driving directions. Two king suite was very large and spacious, more than adequate room for bags, rollaway bed and 3 teenage children. Kitchen was convenient for drinks/snacks. Rooms appear older but are well maintained, clean and comfortable with most ammenities of a newer 4 star hotel at an affordable rate. Pool made for a relaxing break from or after sightseeing. Parking very safe/secure. We would definitely recommend this hotel and will stay there again if our travels take us back to Hollywood area.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>littlehobbit
<Content>Exceeded expectations! We expected somewhere cheapish and cheerful...which we got, but also a lot more! We didn't expect the location to be so fantastic (Steps from a huge mall, steps from Hollywood Boulevard, and a couple of minutes walk from the metro. Also right next door is a cinema complex, a theatre, and (just out of interest)the place where they give out the academy awards! We didn't expect free parking, which was a real bonus, nor did we expect the rooms to be quite so clean and spacious. The front desk was very friendly and helpful too. All in all we would highly recommend this location for a comfortable and surprisingly quiet stay in the heart of Hollywood!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EnglandFamily
<Content>Brilliant Location Clean and spacious accommodation in a very central location - would certainly stay again  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>paskoolio
<Content>Nice location, nice place to stay A nice place to stay, 70s style, in the heart of Hollywood.Our room was more an appartment with a big kitchen.Overall very good value for money.Reccomended  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	2	3	4	

<Author>got2getawayToronto
<Content>Nice Hotel Good location, right behind Grauman's Chinese Theater and walk of fame. Very good accommodation, clean rooms and friendly staff. Free Parking! Would absolutely stay again. Stay away from Star Line Tours, which are situated at the Chinese Theater...bad experience (read review if interested). Would recommend having a rental car as you're limited to sights within walking distance (especially at night).  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>planet-urko
<Content>Great location, secure parking , 70s feel We stayed here for three nights in July. We booked it as we were doing a road trip and needed safe secure central parking.We booked the two King room suite and were delighted. The suite was very large with lots of hanging space, The bathroom was clean and more than adequate as was the kitchenette.We even had a table and chairs to seat 4 a breakfast bar and still loads of space for cases etc.The teak furniture , drapes , coverlets etc were a bit tired and gave the place a distinctly 70 s feel and it smelt a bit musty initially but it was clean and we felt this added to the character of the place overall.The pool although small was great fun and a very welcome bonus after a day on your feet trying to get a cab or chancing your arm in a car !. The service was friendly and the rooms were cleaned daily .Considering its excellent central position and the secure parking which can be extremely costly we considered this place excellent value for moneyand very much enjoyed our stay.My only gripe would be that the windows were not particularly secure so we took our valuables with us when we went out.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>toni.lister
<Content>Excellent Amenities        Bathroom Sink Area  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Brossie
<Content>Great Location This is a great value motel type accomodation. We had a large suite with a kitchen (including a table and chairs) and balcony. Decor is a little dated but this is a 2 star property and was what we had expected. The location is unbeatable - right behind the Kodak Theatre (do the tour - very interesting) and Chinese theatre. We could walk thru to the mall (Hollywood Highland) and have a choice of restaurants. The first night we were there there was a red carpet event going on - fascinating to see all the trucks and limos and glamorous people! This hotel is right next to a super flash 5* property - same location but way different price!The pool was a welcome relief after a day at Universal studios (one stop on the Metro). Clean and heated too.Housekeeping were a bit slow (not done til 5pm on one day) and the reception staff were not particularly helpful/friendly but these were minor gripes.Great to have the free, safe parking too.Definately recommended!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	3	3	5	

<Author>Resmama
<Content>Great value! We stayed one week in July - and loved it! The location is unbeatable, and probably the best if you - like us - don't drive. It is not easy, but it is possible to get around with metro and buses, and Hollywood/Highland is a convenient starting point. We also loved our spacious suit, with a real kitchen where we could cook breakfast, etc. It was clean and nice, although a bit ugly, but everything worked perfectly. And staff was very friendly. Finally, we loved the laid-back, unpretentious atmosphere, where one could play in the pool, borrow some magazines in the lobby, do laundry in the basement, etc. We really felt at home!PS Thanks to the trip advisors who recommended this hotel to us!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>europeangirl
<Content>excellent location right beside hollywood boulevard We were staying in LA for 2 nights before flying out to Ireland and werelooking for an affordable hotel in hollywood near to HollywoodBoulevard(HB) /chinese theatre/hollywood walk of fame...I had heard that LAcan be quite dangerous so was anxious to stay somewhere we would be safe atnight. TA reviewers advised this place and I am delighted to say you guyswere spot on with your great advise as usual!We paid $109 plus tax a night in this hotel for a junior suite, which wasVERY large with plenty of storage space, 2 queen beds, a small kitchenetteand roomy bathroom. We also had a table with 2 chairs, TV and good AC!Very near to all the HB attractions mentionned above, its just off a smallstreet so its nice and quiet. A little far from the LAX airport, but itwasnt really a problem for us - the hotel organised a shuttle for us fromthe hotel there for $18 each. the ride is approx 17 miles so I think we gota good deal. A taxi is a set fare of $50 or you can take your chance withthe traffic on the meter!The pool also had a hotel which we didnt have time to use as we were outsightseeing but it looked lovely. Receptionnist was very helpful to us whenwe asked about getting to the airport and explained all our options to uswith a smile.I would certainly recommend this hotel as it is central, clean and safe. LAhas a bad rep for being unsafe but i felt perfectly safe in this area andwould recommend the place to anyone  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>knownstar
<Content>Hidden gem, fantastic location hard to find.. This place is located behind the Kodak Theater on a cul de sac. You won't find it just by driving by. I was visiting a friend who lives in the Hollywood Hills and she turned me on to the Hollywood Orchid Suites.I did not use my car for the 2 days I was there. The Kodak theater is attached to a Mall and the Chinese Theater and it is all just a few steps from the front door. The subway station is there too and proved very convenient.The room was clean and very large and the bed was very comfortable. There was a kitchen and dining table we did not use but would be very convenient for a family on vacation. The pool came in very handy as it was hot those days.All in all a very good experience.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>fancypants-7
<Content>Still a terrific value and location This is our second stay at the Orchid Suites. We stayed in a studio apartment with two queen size beds and a kitchen (executive suite) and paid $129. Lat time we had a bigger suite with two rooms but it was not available this time.I just can't say enough for the location and the value. The Orchid Suites came to my attention through Tripadvisor. When I first booked it I thought it was a 4 star hotel from all the good press it was getting. Actually it is not a fancy place and rated 2 stars but haseverything we need and more. As an example they have free coffee and tea in the rooms. I drink instant and my son drinks hot chocolate. We inquired and were given both on the spot. They are very helpful and the place is comfortable and clean. We feel very safe there, both front door and covered garage are accessed with a key.If you require a luxury accomodation this is not for you, But if you want a clean well located very well priced hotel, I recommend the Hollywood Orchid Suites highly.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Andrexxx
<Content>The Perfect Place in Hollywood Needing a place to stay near the Pantages Theatre on Hollywood Blvd, we decided to try the Orchid Suites.I'm happy to report the great reviews were spot on. A comfortable hotel with a fab location.Next door to the slick Hollywood Highland Mall, and close to the Metro, Graumann's Chinese Theatre, and other must see sites.Staff was friendly and rooms were spotless.We will most definitely return.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TizzieBelle
<Content>Basic but location makes up for it We stayed here for 3 nights at the beginning of our trip and then 2 nights at the end before flying home. The location is fantastic and right in the heart of Hollywood.Rooms are very basic and smell rather musty and old, however, they are well equipped. We had the two king suite and used the spare bed to lay all the suitcases on which was useful!The kitchen was huge.There are some restaurants nearby in the Hollywood and Highland but the steak grill place turned out to be a disaster. Some people mentioned the Wolfgang Puck place was better. There is a small store nearby selling breakfast items.Although the rate we paid was good ($129 and tax per night) I do feel that it is highly priced for what you get due to the facilities being so old. Although if two couples were sharing the two king suites it would be a bargain. The location makes up for this. We did not have any problems during our stay although they do clean the rooms late in the day (3pm).  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	3	4	3	4	

<Author>mkraemer
<Content>This is the place we stay in Hollywood My family has stayed at the Orchid on several occasions, and we are very satisfied with it. It is not a fancy place, but it has a great location if you want to stay in Hollywood at a reasonable price.On our recent stay last week, we had a junior room, which had two double beds and a kitchenette. We found the beds a bit hard, but they were OK.We like the secure underground parking, especially in the area of Hollywood and Highland. I feel my car was safer than on an open lot.The thing we liked the least was the very dirty carpet; it turned the bottoms of our feet black very quickly. It needed to be cleaned desperately.Would we go back? Yes, certainly. Have I recommended the Orchid to others? Yes, I have.It is not a posh or fancy place, but then again, it doesn't have posh or fancy prices either.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>Roel2
<Content>Nice location, bit outdated, but clean and spacious room Stayed here for two nights in april 2007 based on tripadvisor reviews. This hotel shows it's age, but is however still a good place to stay. The room was clean and very spacious. We had a suite with a full kitchen, seating area, dining table and seperate bedroom.Parking is complimentary in the (closed) parking garage below.The location is perfect for visiting downtown Hollywood. It's a 2 minute walk to the Hollywood  Highland mall next to Grauman's chinese theatre.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	2	

<Author>1SusiQ
<Content>Awesome Location-Great Staff-Good Value First of all, when it comes to Hollywood Orchid Suites, location is the name of the game! Just go out the front door, up a little walkway to your right, and you're in the Hollywood-Highland shopping complex, which houses three stories of retail stores. It's Babylon Courtyard looks like a Hollywood set, complete with giant elephant sculptures. Viewing bridges at the back of the courtyard offer a great photo-op of the Hollywood Sign. There is a wide variety of places to eat. Our favorite was the California Pizza Kitchen. (The lettuce wraps and the Waldorf Salad were awesome!) One of the stores that we frequented was a Kodak camera shop. Everytime we filled up a memory card, we would have them transfer the photos onto a CD (for $9.95). Take the escalator down to the street level and you're right next to Grauman's Chinese Theatre, the main entrance to the Kodak Theatre (Emmy's, American Idol), a movie theater, the El Capitan Theater (Jimmy Kimmel), the Walk of Fame, the wax museum, Mel's Drive-In, some of the best souvenir shops in town, and so much more!We spent one full day at Universal Studios. It took us about 8 minutes to drive there and park. (By the way, we recommend splurging on a Front of the Line Pass! No waiting in lines and you get to go behind the scenes on various attractions). Allow some time for Universal's City Walk also. There are LOTS of neat shops and restaurants. If you like Italian food, Buca di Beppo is fantastic for both food and atmosphere! If you like seafood, one just can't beat Bubba Gump Shrimp Co. We recommend their Bucket O' Boat Trash!On a separate day, we made the short drive over to Beverly Hills.Be sure to take the trolley tour around town. It only costs $5.00 and is full of photo-ops!!!All of the staff at the Hollywood Orchid Suites were personable and accommodating! Our favorite was Adam at the front desk! He really made our day with his wonderful attitude and smile!The hotel itself, as noted in many reviews, is rather tired and worn, but it was clean and entirely adequate for our needs. (Just keep in mind that it is a 40-year-old converted apartment building.) We paid $119/night for a nice-sized room with two very comfortable queen-sized beds, a couch and coffee table, and a full kitchen with dining table. There are, of course, fancier accommodations in the area, but one would have to pay another $100-$200/night. It just isn't worth it, unless you will be spending more time in your room than seeing the sights.One of the main reasons we picked this hotel is because of the security features. Although we were two women, staying alone, we felt very safe here. One must have a keycard to use the elevators, the underground parking garage (parking is free), and the front door after hours.The pool was very clean and warm!The laundry room was a plus.The vending machines had a nice assortment of snacks/drinks.Don't forget to visit the rooftop garden. It's a nice place to relax.We hope you enjoy your stay at the Hollywood Orchid Suites as much as we did!We can't wait to return next year!  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>BrisVegas5
<Content>Its all good. All the recent reviews are very accurate. The location cannot be beaten, self contained, secure parking, laundry on site, free internet access, good housekeeping...it was exactly as described. We requested extra towels for the kids to use the pool, which wasn't a problem. We didn't experience any of the noise problems as noted by other reviewers (we were on the second floor). All in all a good stay, its not the Beverly Wilshire however it is great value for what you get.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>ATLTRVLER07
<Content>Terrific Value! I stayed at the Orchid Suites for a week in May 07 with a couple of friends. We booked a 2-king suite plus a roll-away for about $139/night plus tax. This configuration was great for us, but it was sort of like 2 bedrooms with a kitchen in between--if you want a more traditional living room setup, there's a layout that replaces the 2nd king with a queen-sized sleeper sofa. Other configurations are available as well. The kitchen was a real plus--in addition to a full-sized refrigerator/freezer, stove, microwave and toaster oven, it included dishware, silverware (including a corkscrew), a coffee maker wih a daily coffee/cream/sugar setup, salt and pepper and paper towels. We saved a lot of money by being able to buy groceries and take home leftovers, and saved even more with the free parking. The location was great--you can cut through the back entrance to the Highland Center and be on Hollywood Blvd (and at a Metro stop) in under 5 minutes. A 24 hour drugstore (Long's) and a food market are about 2 blocks down the Blvd. The Hollywood Freeway (101) is a straight shot by car, just a couple of minutes away. There are also on-site laundry facilities and pretty extensive vending machines on the ground floor. The negatives are pretty much what other reviewers mentioned: tired decor (but clean), a shower meant for short people, some outside noise from delivery trucks and passersby on the outer walkways, and some ceiling noise from people on the floor above you (did not detect noise on either side, though). All in all, a terrific value--I'd recommend it for families or other travellers who are looking for a convenient, cost-effective base for sightseeing, as opposed to a desination resort.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lumasabe
<Content>Room to move in the heart of Hollywood We stayed at the Orchid Suites for 3 nights (2 adults 2 kids) and booked a 2 bedroom apartment. The apartments are old but very clean and we had two king size beds which were the most comfortable beds we had slept on during our whole holiday. Another added advantage is the full size kitchen.The apartments are about 2 minutes walk from Hollywood Boulevard, Manns Chinese Theatre and other attractions. We felt safe walking around at night with our kids (before midnight) as there are a lot of tourists around. The characters dressed up outside the Chinese Theatre are definately worth seeing.Although we did not swim in the hotel pool it looked lovely and clean. The hotel has free underground secure parking and a laundry.It was a great place to stay and I would highly recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>adelaidemum
<Content>Great Location to see the Sights! Hollywood Orchid Suites is a basic, clean place to stay that is reasonably priced and right in the middle of Hollywood. It is located directly behind the Kodak Theatre and Grauman's and is only a five minute walk to Hollywood Blvd and the Walk of Fame.The room was clean and huge, with a separate, full kitchen, a dining area and heaps of cupboard space. Our room was the only room that was directly off the front foyer, but we never had a problem with this. Another bonus was free, secure, underground parking and laundry facilities.Universal Studios is only 10 minutes away by car, or do what we did and walk a couple of minutes to the subway station and then catch the train there (only a couple of stops).Hollywood Orchid Suites is nothing fancy and a bit run down, especially from the outside, but the rooms were great and the location fantastic. Don't forget to go to the Disney Soda Fountain Store and attempt Mickey's Masterpiece. Our 6 and 4 yr old still talk about it!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>OlafR
<Content>Great Location, good hotel We were looking for a hotel with suite style hotel rooms (2 seperate rooms for 2 kids and 2 parents, kitchen and so on - all in one appartment), reasonably priced and this in Hollywood. We found this hotel, were led by other such reviews and our expectations were fulfilled: GREAT LOCATION - vis-a-vis the Kodak theatre, clean hotel rooms, friendly helpful staff, locked underground parking, even a heated pool etc. The interior and furniture was a little old, but everything was clean and was working properly.Good value for the money we paid. ....We often paid more for much worse hotels. Not to talk about the location which can't be beaten...I can only recommend Orchid.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>EnglishFamilyAbroad
<Content>Great location but a rather tired hotel The hotel was easy to find (using Yahoo Maps) and has a brilliant location for accessing Universal Studios (simple 10 min drive). The staff/owners were very friendly/helpful and for what you pay it is difficult to find fault with hotel to be honest!However, the rooms are very tired and in desperate need of refurbishment. They are large though and have all the facilities that you need for a short stay. It also has a great little swimming pool. If you want a great location and a cheap and cheerful experience you won't be disappointed with this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>2	4	1	5	2	3	3	2	

<Author>robin48
<Content>Cheap and cenral Stay here with my wife and two teenage kids (17 and 19). I got what I expected. Not top star accomadation and a price match, but clean, central and well priced. Noise! The suites are on the north side of the Kodak theatre, close to the walk etc, but can be troubled by the bin lorry at 6 am or deliveries to the large hotel next to the theatre.The room also had a noisy fridge and the walkways infront of the rooms is wooden. Just right for an early morning case being pulled along.Noise aside, great helpful staff on front desk, free secure parking and free internet.Overall a good place to stay if you want something above basic.Stayed for 4 nights. Went to Universal, Six Flags and the Getty Centre (recommended).If you want a good classy evening meal go to The Grill on 3rd floor of the theatre.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	5	4	5	

<Author>whineboys
<Content>Okay, Great Location We stayed here for 2 nights April 11-12th, 2007 with 3 kids 15 and under. The location is right behind the Kodak Theatre, so it is in the heart of Hollywood, near Hollywood and Highland. My oldest didn't feel safe walking around Hollywood itself, I think he could sense the seedy side of it. Street performers, Jimmy Kimmel Live is right there, tons of shops, etc. Ran out of time, would have loved to drive to Beverly Hills, Santa Monica, etc. We did go to the Farmer's Market in hopes of Star Spotting, but didn't see anyone famous. They had the largest yummiest strawberries there I've ever seen or tasted, yum!! Other than a few fresh fruit and vegetable stand areas, it is just an outdoor mall of regular stores where apparently some stars like to shop. The Hotel is clean  convenient, but very old, some paint was peeling off the walls, the bedroom window wouldn't lock, etc. bed was comfortable, we had a 2 king suite with a full kitchen and a safe in the closet which was nice. Underground parking garage for free, and a washer/dryer area down in the garage area. 1 Outdoor heated pool. Nothing fancy here. Free internet access on a computer in the common area on our floor which was nice, with a 15 minute per person limit. Tiny elevator. Just a very basic hotel.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>mikelfenix
<Content>Orchid Suites 鈥?Return to Heaven in 2007 Last year in September 2006 I wrote a review of Hollywood Orchid Suites where I said that my fianc茅e and I loved the place. Well it鈥檚 now April 2007, my fianc茅e is now my lovely wife and we are both here again at Orchid Suites, celebrating our honeymoon.I could say we knew what to expect when checking in for our third stay here at this wonderful 鈥渁partment hotel鈥?but you can always be surprised. Not only does the hotel live up to all our expectations, we were delighted when the staff gave us a bottle of Champagne as a Honeymoon gift, and we were even more surprised to find the apartment we had stayed in, and were to stay in again had received new lounges, and what I believe is new carpet. Fantastic!!!This place it awesome, it is above and beyond a hotel room, the staff go above and beyond what you hope for when staying anywhere in the US, overall Orchid Suites is just a wonderful, safe and convenient place to stay while checking out the sights.Julie and I are planning another trip for January 2008 and we can say without question we will be staying with Grace and the team at Orchid Suites. The only place more comfortable is our own apartment in Australia!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ogre
<Content>Great Stay Great Location We Stayed at the Suites at the beginning of April and found it to be a great place to stay apart from the noisey neighbours but that was not the hotels fault. The Room itself was Massive with your own Kitchen including Cooker,Microwave and Coffee Making Machine. Off the Main Room is the Bathroom which is quite small with a Shower and a very shallow bath. The Room has a TV although you probably will only use it in the evenings if you are not going out it has a couple of HBO Channels which show great films. The Suites has a small pool and it is very clean as is the whole establishment. The location is fantastic just behind the Kodak Theatre and Hollywood/Highland Metro Stop. Be Careful though of the prices in the Restaurants in the Shopping Centre you could say this a bit of a tourist trap. If you want to go to the Beverly Centre catch the DASH Bus which goes from outside the Metro Stop at 25c it cant be beaten. There are plenty of Museums near the Suites including Ripleys believe it or not and the Guiness book of Records and Wax Museum. The last two i would consider a waste of money as they are in disrepair and quite boring. Another Museum to definite visit is the Museum of Hollywood next door to Mels Diner this is a fantastic Museum the only bad point is you cant take pictures but its probably the best of the lot. Any Questions fellow travellers just ask and i will see if i can answer them. Happy Travelling!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Biddleonia
<Content>Okay, but Noisy ! We are a family of four who stayed at this Hotel for 3 nights. The positives to this Hotel are :- Location (short walk to the Boulevard and right behind major shopping centre....this is also a weakness, refer below)- Free Internet- Large rooms- Good security (front door access via key or reception clearance)- Warm Pool- Self contained kitchen.- Good price for the areaWeaknesses to this Hotel are :- Noisy due to location. As this is the last Hotel at the end of a short street located at the rear of a shopping centre, there is a large volume of delivery and truck traffic from early morning. If you are a light sleeper, you will hear it all.- If you have heavy guests on the floor above, the noise from the thin floors is accentuated. We were kept awake by this for a whole night by people upstairs from us.- Decor is oldOn balance, the location of this property and the security were what we required in view of having two kids under 10. Would recommend to others, but be aware of the possible noise issues, particularly with delivery trucks from approx 4 am onwards.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>deskclerk102
<Content>Great for the Price Stayed here for one night for a quick Hollywood visit following a Vegas trip. If you don't want to pay $300+/nt at the Renaissance, this is the next best location. The property is located directly behind the Chinese Theatre and Kodak Theatre with a nice walkthrough to the Hollywood/Highland center. Tour offices are an easy walk if on Hollywood Blvd. The property has a pool, which looked nice although we didn't use it. The corridors are exterior, but were pretty secure after dark with the lobby and garage both locked and the perimeter wall around the pool and room area. Our room was spacious with a balcony overlooking the pool area (only 3 or 4 appeared to have this) and a kitchen. The room was clean, but the furnishings/vinyl flooring was a bit worn. A/C was in the form of a small wall unit, which worked well but we closed off the kitchen to help it cool faster. If you're staying more than one night, this wouldn't be as big of an issue with the unit running full-speed. This one all comes down to what you expect. If you are looking for a clean place to sleep for a night or two at a third of the usual Hollywood rates with an excellent location, this is for you. If the usual signs of wear that come with a 40-yr-old building bother you or if you want frills, it is not.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>ELCHEAPEE
<Content>Not an Orchild, but a daisy $109/night for two nights. Basically an apartment suite with 1980's decor. My room smell like smoke, saw cigerette burns in the carpet. Maybe it was a smoking room in the past. Had two tv's, full kitchen (who's got time to cook), very spacious, bathroom was clean. Free internet access and a pool (I never saw anyone use). The check-in guy smoked in the office which I could smell it while on I was using the internet. Great location, felt pretty safe. You could cut thru the back of the Kodiak Theatre to go to Hollywood blvd. Best part, free secured parking and very close to subway ($3 all day ride). Its not fabulous, but good enough to stay there again. Great chinese food place around the corner. Mel's diner is down the street too.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>AnabelT
<Content>NEVER AGAIN! The only thing pleasant about this stay was the location. The room was a decent size, but everything in there was soooo old looking that it was scary! The cups and dishes looked like they were rinsed off and put back into the cabinet. Our microwave looked like it hadn't been cleaned since 1902! ECK! On top of that the front desk kept calling our room with complaints from people who LIVE in the hotel stating that we were talking too loud.... WE HAD TO WHISPER IN OUR ROOM ON OUR VACATION! UNHEARD OF!!!!! The front desk called us at exactly 12:01 to let us know that it was time for us to check out!! DUHHHHHHH, we were on our way out the door. I have been to plenty of hotels and have never had anyone call my room a minute after check out and tell me that it was time to get out! RUDE RUDE RUDE! Sorry but I would rather fork out more money for a nice hotel next time. This place was disgusting!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	1	1	

<Author>azrailer
<Content>Great Location!!!! at a reasonable price This hotel certainly has a great location. We took the Glendale Airport Van to and from the Burbank Airport for 35 dollars each way and they were right on time to pick us up for the return ( Thanks Joseph) Easy access to light rail which gives you access to a lot of the area for a three dollar all day pass. We went to Universal Studios,Union Station, the Pantages Theater to see Wicked and even to buy some groceries all on the light rail. You are right behind a large Shopping Mall with plenty of eateries and the Chinese Theater on Hollywood Blvd at Highland. Our room had a complete kitchen down to a microwave, all utensils and even paper towels, two king beds,two television sets and a very clean bathroom with a seperate dressing area. All of this for 119.00 a night. Our stay was for four nights and every one was very polite and helpful the entire time. They have a computer for your use but without a printer so had to go to a close by internet cafe to print boarding passes. The area is a little noisey with deliveries to the mall so if you are a very light sleeper you may have concerns but for us the location made up for everything else. We would certainly recommend this hotel to friends and plan a return here in the fall.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sg1phileshipper
<Content>Great location, great hotel This might be the place to be when staying in Los Angeles. Located right behind the Kodak Theatre and Hollywood Boulevard, this is the best hotel I've stayed in Los Angeles. At $109/night for two person, we got a wonderful executive suite with a kitchen, which was enough for two people to cook in, and four people to eat in. The room had sliding door so you could easily walk onto the balcony. We had a wonderful view of the Hollywood Hills. Bed is comfortable and a huge King size, bathroom is excellent, and there's a big closet. Hotel has a pool, but we didn't use it, since there's so much to do. Staff: Very friendly and efficient. But my favorites were the cleaning staff. All of them were totally sweet and friendly and very helpful. And they seemed to appreciate to be able to talk to some of the guests. Our room was cleaned and left spotless each day. Location: Excellent, since you can do some shopping very close by and the area is very safe. You can easily walke around at night in the area, but don't wander to far up Hollywood Boulevard. The block aroud the hotel is very safe, up until the Gap there's no worries. And if you plan a trip to Universal Studios, don't take your car, but take the metro, since it's close to the hotel and the Studios are only one stop away. Traffic: This is LA and Highways are terrible. We went to Santa Monica from the Hotel and took Road 66. Major road works, so we got stuck for quite some time. Same thing with the Highways. And if you wanna go to orchid suites coming from Hollywood Boulevard, beware that you are not allowed to make a left turn onto Franklin Avenue at rush hour. I would advice you to turn left onto LaBrea Avenue from Sunset or Hollywood Boulevard and then a right onto Franklin Ave. It's gonna save you a lot of time and trouble. And if you get stuck in traffic. Keep calm and turn up the music!Parking: The hotel has a closed garage only guests can use, so no worries there. Going back home from the Orchid Suites? You have time to spare cause you plane leaves in the evening? No worries, just ask and you can leave you car in the garage. There's table and chairs near the pool. Except for your room, they let you use everything the hotel has to offer.Great value for the money. Clean, amazingly quiet for Los Angeles and a safe area  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>3sistersMelbourne
<Content>Great location The hotel has a great location right behind the Chinese theatre. Hollywood Boulavard is literally a 1 minate walk and there is always plenty of action there. Staff were pleasant and the rooms were always very clean. The rates were reasonable and we had a very pleasant stay.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>C&D-London
<Content>Great location for Hollywood We were very impressed with this hotel. The service we received was very good - they even gave us a choice of rooms (although it was a quiet time of year). The staff were also very helpful with giving directions etc. The location for Hollywood is excellent; the hotel is right behind the Hollywood and HIghlands shopping centre and restaurants. Our room was spacious, it even had a little kitchenette, but it could have done with a bit of modernisation.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>wanderer
<Content>Orchid a fine base for seeing LA by transit Many people have noted the Orchid's fine qualities--price, location, helpful staff. On that I'd only add the recycling bin in the (good-sized) kitchen--with a city of LA sticker on it--something I'd never seen before in a hotel. It's a great idea because I know I wind up throwing out lots of newspaper and paper but this time could recycle them.One complaint--the radio part of the clock radio didn't work, the clock did. You don't have your 40 TV channels, but they never have anything good on them anyway.The Orchid is view-less, it's view is the blank back wall of the Hollywood Highland shopping center that is genuinely only steps from. It's worth the tradeoff.This trip I didn't rent a car and did fine--the Orchid was well situated for that. I used the Red Line subway that stops at Hollywood/Highland, the Fairfax Avenue-Hollywood Boulevard bus, the Sunset Boulevard bus, etc. There's also a lot of entertainment and eateries within walking distance. If you want to see LA car-free this is a good spot.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ularu
<Content>This is the one! My family of two adults and four kids have stayed in The Liberty Hotel , Hollywood Celebrity Hotel, Orchid Suites  the old Holiday Inn ( now the Renaissanse Hotel ) on previous holidays in LA and we found the Orchid Suites best by far! Big clean rooms and positioned right behind Graumans, Hollywood and Highland, the metro and all the action in the best part of Hollywood Blvd. Parking is free and the staff are happy  helpful. We had a King Suite with 2 King beds and a fold away bed and it was huge, it had a seperate bedroom a useable kitchenthat came in very handy, we saved a lot by cooking our own breakfast  dinner and a big living area and 2 TV's. The Suites are a little tired and worn but pluses far and away beat the minuses The hotel is well maintained and clean and has a pool. As I mentioned before we stayed at The Liberty Hotel on a previous trip  found the rooms small,cell like  noisey (loud people wandering the hallways at night ) and the Celebrity Hotelalthough our rooms were big ours was smelly and dark.My wife swears she woke up and saw a ghost standing in the corner of our room so we were out like a shot the next morning!If you want a huge room/suite in a perfect part of Hollywood and dont want to pay 4 star prices you have found it here. I love the place  we are back here mid March 2007 ...cant wait!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Noelvegas
<Content>Orchid suites a good choice when staying in Hollywood               
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MC-7
<Content>Great location! We stayed at Hollywood Orchid Suites for 7 nights during the first week of December. We arrived at 8am after traveling from Australia for over 16 hours. Thankfully, the staff were great and very friendly and our room was ready for us to check into. Although the room wasn't the most beautiful place we've seen, it was clean and well presented. We stayed in a King Executive room, which was huge. There was a separate kitchen with full size fridge and microwave, as well as a good sized table which could seat four. The location of this place is fantastic, only a few seconds' walk from the Hollywood Highland Center and Hollywood Blvd, with all of the touristy sights such as Graumann's Chinese Theater and the Walk of Fame. Another huge bonus of the Orchid Suites is the free internet access offered. Although there is only one computer, we never had a problem with waiting to use it.There was a strange smell in the room when we arrived, but it turned out to be the cleaning products and didn't really bother us too long.The only criticism we have is that the room was a little old and worn out, but that seemed to be LA in general. For the light sleepers, remember to pack earplugs - we could hear the person in the room next door snoring every night, so loudly it was as though we were in the same room.If you choose to stay at the Orchid Suites, just remember you're not paying the high prices of other hotels in the area, so don't compare it to those. The location couldn't be beaten, the staff were very friendly and helpful, and the room was clean and well maintained, which is what we were looking for.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Letmetravel!
<Content>Excellent Find! My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights in April, and it was fantastic! The location is unbeatable (we were worried it might have been over exaggerated on the website!) the room we had was massive, with a great bathroom, and the pool was lovely! The laundry facilities also came in useful! I'd recommend this to everyone, and can't wait to stay here again!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>BHP1
<Content>New Year at the Orchid Our party of four adults spent New Year's at the Hollywood Orchid. Having stayed at a few other hotels in West Hollywood , NoHo and downtown I would place the Orchid in the same category. It's not a palace but if that's what you want then fork over $300 a night and stay at the Renaissance or Roosevelt. See what $150 a night buys you in other notorious tourist traps like London, Toronto, New York, etc.The Orchid has nice large rooms with two completely separate sleeping areas. We stayed in room 106 beside the pool and found the place quite adequate for our needs. Access to the Hollywood/Highland mall is only steps away, half the room price could account just for the convenient location alone. The parking is quite good, the staff friendly and helpful. We felt that it was good value for the money and would have no problem staying there on our next visit to LA.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>TravellerAustralia
<Content>You get what you pay for, but great location! We stayed at the Hollywood Orchid Suites for 4 nights in November 2006. You couldnt ask for a better location, so close to Hollywood Boulevard. At night, there was little noise, so was easy to sleep.The rooms were big, and the bed was extremely comfortable, and overall it was pretty clean. The only bad thing about this place is the terrible smell!! We could't even walk into our kitchen it smelt so bad. We had to sleep with the doors open, and when we did this everything was fine.The internet there was free which was good. The hotel staff were quite helpful also.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	4	3	3	5	

<Author>slofeldmans
<Content>Wow! What a great find!! The suite was clean, large, and everything worked. Because the hotel is a converted apartment building, it had a lot of great things that you don't get in regular hotels, such four options of switches in the bathroom, fairly sound proof rooms, and windows that actually open. The bathtubs were equipped with those handy bars, for those of us getting older than we'd like. The beds were very comfortable (with new matresses!).  The staff was really helpful. The maintenance man even gave my family a tour of the suite and made doubly sure everything worked when we checked in.The best thing was that the price was what was quoted, i.e. no add ons such as parking fees, spa fees, internet access, entertainment package fees...only the required bed tax (now 14%).It was very quiet, and unbelieveably close to all the main Hollywood attractions. My kids begged me to stay here everytime we come to Los Angeles. I am only too happy to grant their request. What a great value for my money!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>rnstudychris
<Content>cheap...you get what you pay for We decided to stay at the Hollywood Orchid Suites, due to the wonderful reviews we read here on Trip Advisor. It was as the reviewer below me explained, a converted apartment building. The beds, as stated were awful, one of them even had ripped up sheets on the bed! The tubs...same as the other person said...dirty and the skid strips looked nasty..I am wondering if we had the same room, or if they are all like this! There is a kitchen, dont look around too much..you might see the roach motel that is in the bottom cupboard! I hated it here, I hated Hollywood period, but this hotel sure didnt help!They said that there is a roof top garden..there is...but nothing to write home about. I think the cleanest thing here was all the clothes in my bags, that never went into any of those drawers!This place, is convenient, cheap and very accesible to all the Hollywood things, but if you can pick somewhere clean, and with more comfortable beds and sans the roach motel...I would do that instead.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	3	-1	5	

<Author>traveler20062006
<Content>What a dump! Yes it is cheap. Yes it is in a good location.But I wish I had paid more at a clean hotel and not felt like I had to wear shoes in the room because I did not want to step on the carpet with my bare feet. The widow in the bathroom was caked in dirt and what appeared to be mold.The bed was like laying on concrete. Absolutely horible sleeping conditions. I put a towel down in the tub when I took a shower because I didn't want to step on the non skid strips in the tub because they had filth on the side of them. Yuk.Fortunately I was only there two nights and could not wait to get out of there. My advise.... save up your money to stay at a real hotel not some converted apartment building. It was a miserable stay.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	4	-1	3	3	3	

<Author>spiaggia_girl
<Content>a superb value in Hollywood!!       room :: bathroom :: kitchenette  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>RWHITE3
<Content>The Orchid can't be beat I have to concur with all the other reviews on here. This is the best hotel to stay in in Hollywood, bar none. The price is great, the rooms are clean and amazingly big, and the location is better than anything Hollywood has to offer. One block to Hollywood Boulevard and all the attractions there - a locked underground parking lot with pass-key and you can access the garage without leaving the hotel. My wife and I are going on vacation in two weeks and this will be our second stay here and after trying several different hotels, we plan on using the Orchid exclusively from now on.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beckymucha
<Content>Location and value, plus spacious! My husband and I stayed in one of the king deluxe suites here on a Wednesday night, it was only $99! There was enough room for 4 to stay comfortably. The kitchen was totally stocked with whatever you wanted for cooking, and we couldnt believe the extra bedroom. It was like staying in an apartment. You walk right through this corrider and just like that your in Hollywood and Highland mall. You are literally on the same block as all the happenings in Hollywood, there was a Robin Williams premier that night, and we just walked in the door of the Jimmy Kimmel Live show and got seats. We had a blast with so much to do, and the location and price of this hotel was key. The staff was very friendly, and though the rooms were older, it was also clean.We will definately be back!!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kybusguy
<Content>Unbelieveably Great Value The Hollywood Orchid is LITERALLY a 4 minute walk to Grauman's Chinese, Hollywood Walk of Fame, and where the tours of Hollywood originate, and a 2 minute walk to Kodak Theater Center (plenty of restaurants, shops, etc ). You could not ask for a better location for first-time Hollywood visitors.But, what makes the Orchid such a value is that despite it's location, it offers SPACIOUS suites (and, I DO MEAN spacious) right in the heart of Hollywood with extremely affordable prices. Highly recommended!Ohhhh, and thanks Trip Advisor reveiwers for turning me onto this place! I'll be back!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pami.eire
<Content>great value ,great location The location is brilliant litererally 2 minute walk from the walk of fame,very reasonable rate I think only paid 80 dollars a night , it was clean and comfortable and so spacious ,the bed was the biggest bed I have ever slept in! It wasnt really warm enough to use the pool but it looked nice, the lift was a bit small but still ok.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>luv2scrapcmc
<Content>Great Place! thanks to the reviews on this site, we tried it out last week. it was perfect for us and wish we had been able to take advantage of the full kitchen. we had one small problem but customer service was excellent. front desk was friendly and we were close to the walk of fame, grauman's and kodak. i would stay here again. i am a bargain shopper and need a clean, safe room without paying for all the frills.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>ARL34
<Content>An island of calm in a sea of madness Imagine the madness of Hollywood  Highland, the mall, the Kodak Theatre, the Chinese Theatre, the throngs of tourists and crazy characters...then imagine walking through the mall, out the back exit and into a quiet leafy street, where your hotel is 20 yards away. That hotel is the Hollywood Orchid Suites - an island of calm in a sea of madness. You don't just get a room, you get a complete kitchen, and I mean complete...fridge, cooker, microwave, toaster oven, sink, all the cutlery, crockery and pots and pans you will need. Thus you can make your own meals if you don't like the stodgy fare of Mel's, Denny's etc. You get a pool that seems barely used, so you can probably have it to yourself if you want it. All this for only $99 + tax per night. Of course there are catches - the peaceful calm of Orchid Avenue is broken in the early hours by the delivery trucks to the mall, if you're on that side of the hotel. The rooms are clean and fully functional, but not modern. There aren't many channels on the TV. Between the tall buildings, the pool gets about 2 hours of sunshine a day. But these are minor niggles. If you have a car, there is free secure underground parking, if you don't, you have easy access to the Metro Red Line and a host of bus routes. Either way you have the world's greatest city on your doorstep. I recently spent 11 nights here and didn't want to go home. However, if sparkling luxury is what you're after, the Renaissance is across the road for three times the price.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>CanadianTraveler
<Content>Great value in Hollywood My husband and I just returned from a one week stay at the Hollywood Orchid Suites and I have nothing but good things to say about the experience. We had an executive suite for $99--a large bedroom with a sofa and seating area, a full kitchen and bathroom. I requested and received a non-smoking room. The room was old but it was spacious and clean. We were at the front of the building so there was noise from service vehicles at the Renaissance Hotel across the way but we had our a/c on most of the time so it didn't bother us at all. LA is a noisy city and on our first visit we stayed at the Holiday Inn Express on LaBrea--a much noisier location and a much smaller room. The use of the complimentary computer was great for checking bus schedules and e-mail. Our room also had a safe which I appreciate so I can put my passport away and not worry about it. The young man at the front desk was pleasant and helpful--something that's not always true in budget hotels in LA. And, of course, as everyone says, the location can't be beat. We relied on public transit the whole week. This hotel is not for everyone because it is a little tired around the edges but I loved it and will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>Kielyjw
<Content>No Better Location!!! From start to finish we had a great stay at this hotel! Even before we arrived, having emailed the hotel directly with questions - the staff responded straight away  were very helpful. Arriving from Australia  being too early to check in (but we could have if the room hadn't have had someone else staying in it the previous night), the staff were happy to hold our suitcases in a secure room while we went out  started exploring the Walk of Fame.  The location is FANTASTIC - perfect for weary travellers who have spent their days out  about. So close to the subway (jump on it  travel 3 mins to Universal Studios), or straight through the mall across the road  you're at the historic  very fabulous El Capitan theatre. Ask at reception about their discounted tickets for Universal Studios - they saved us $13 per entry. While the suite is a little old - it was clean  very large  it's nice to have room to spread out. Having the free internet access was also a bonus. I WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND this hotel - it's great value for money  you'll love the location. Thanks again to the fabulous staff for being so helpful  friendly during our stay!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>brownie10
<Content>Great and close to everything!! We stayed here from August 8th-August 13th. The stay was great. We didn't LOVE the room, but the location of the hotel and the free parking made it that much better. The rooms are older, yet are clean and spacious. We stayed in an Executive Suite, which was great as it had a full kitchen, which is great if you like to make your own meals. We didn't, but atleast we had the option. The hotel is literally a two minute walk to a shopping mall (hollywood and highland complex) which has everything, including dining. And it is another two minutes from there down to Hollywood Boulevard. Very good value. I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>aaaeee
<Content>good experience I picked the hotel because of the reviews here. I like its location, its price and the fact the parking and wireless is free.Things went largely according to my expectations.The wireless internet wasn't good in our room. It's totally unusable on one laptop. It was usable sometimes on the other laptop if I sit on the sofa next to the window. It's OK outside near the swimming pool. I didn't know this and wasted quite some time the first night trying to set the wireless internet up. Our suite was at the opposite end from the office. It would probably be better in roooms closer to the office.The noise some people complained here was not an issue for us. Because of the time lag, we got up always early. Besides, we always had the A/C on which is so loud that it drowns out any other sound. Couple of times I was bothered by talking outside and I just turned on the A/C to solve the issue.The only complaint I have is that the carpet is rather old and dirty. Didn't feel too good as I didn't bring sandals and wasn't able to find a place to buy a pair. Also my little one liked to crawl on the carpet. Another issue with our suite is that it's rather dark, even during the day. You might want to think about if you like the suite before you unpack. I didn't bother to switch becaue I like the suite number.It's an old building, but everything is well maintained. It's run just like any other professionally managed hotel. There's a coin laundry priced just like one you find in any street. We washed our clothes for less than $3.The charge for phone is also reasonable. It's just a quarter for 800 calls. Free for local. I made a call to area code 310 which they said would incur a charge. Turned out it's also just a quarter.The swimming pool is small but very cozy. Our kids really enjoyed it the first couple of days when we stayed near the hotel. Not that many people use it so it feels like a private pool.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kezzab
<Content>Fantastic Value this place was fantastic...great value for money, and so close to Hollywood boulevard..the staff were great....it is a little older, but clean and spacious and it was fantastic to have a kitchen..l would recommend this to anyone and personally are glad to have stayed there...AAAAAA++++  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>winodino84
<Content>Okay, great location After a bad experience with Best Western we chose this hotel because our tourist guide recommended it. The hotel is located in downtown Hollywood, right behind the Kodak Theatre. They have their own parking garage, which you can open with your room key. They have a laundry service too, and an elevator.We had a Junior suite (smallest room) on the third floor. The room was very spacious, because it used to be an appartment building. We had a kitchenette too.Wireless internet didn麓t work properly, we had to sit on the floor right next to the door to have access (but that didn麓t work all the time). Staff was okay, but not very friendly. The worst thing was the connecting door, our neighbours had some kind of party the whole night, they had loud music first and then talked so loud and screamed and did some other things I won麓t mention here.Best thing about the hotel is the location. Walking distance to Hollywood boulevard is about 2 minutes, there is a shopping centre nearby which has restaurants too and live music.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>gadler
<Content>Great value hotel Stayed here in May.Location could not be better! Generally friendly service, clean rooms, free internet and value for money.Highly recommended if you're looking for a midrange hotel.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just the best       Orchid Suites View  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mhrunge
<Content>Fine for a stop in Hollywood The hotel is in a great location.....behind the Kodak theatre and a 2 minute walk to Hollywood Blvd. The rooms (suites) are very big, as they used to be apartments. The place is very dated and our room had a bit of a musty smell, not too bad. The parking garage under the complex is nice if you have a car. The place is good for a stop in Hollywood, or for a big family or group.....as I said, the place is dated, but very clean. We stayed there one night (don't need more than that in Hollywood) and paid $99.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Next time I will not look anywhere else I chaperoned a small group of high school students visiting colleges in the LA area. The main reason we stayed at the Orchid Suites was because of the price, but now I cannot imagine having been happier anywhere else. While the facility is not top of the line, the rooms in our block were all clean, spacious and met our needs. One of the best experiences our group had was visiting the nearby grocery store to gather items to stock in our kitchens for the week we were there. The location was very nice - right in the heart of Hollywood. Although we used the nearby subway a time or two, we had rental cars which were very secure in the free parking garage under the hotel. While one should be cautious in any major metropolitan area, we felt safe walking through the area.I recommend the Orchid Suites to anyone looking for a great location and a good deal. What you get for your money here is one of the best values in the country.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tabz_0000
<Content>Good Sized Rooms Located behind the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood, this is a charming little hotel.It is nothing flash, hard beds, uncomfortable pillows, but you get what you paid for.I wouldn't have a problem staying here again if I wanted to stay in Hollywood (but after seeing Hollywood I didn't like the area).Staff were friendly and the free undercover parking only sweetens the deal.This is a great value hotel.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lovetotravel1704
<Content>Amazing Value, Excellent Location We stayed in a deluxe suite from 11th to 14th April 2006. It's an amazing find. The rates are great. The location is unbelievable. It's located in a cul de sac behind Highland and Hollywood Shopping Centre (there's a back door so it only takes a minute to get there) with a good range of shops and restaurants and also contains the Kodak Theatre where the Oscars are held and the subway is very near by, (which was very easy to use and one stop to Universal Studios). It's on the same block as the Chinese Theatre with the Walk of Fame running along it. It's also quite close the freeway which made it easy to find and despite the traffic straight forward to get to Disney to in just over an hour. The area felt very safe and the accomodation had a good level of security. There was free, underground, locked parking and always free spaces. The staff were extreamley helpful and let us keep are car there after check out. The property is very well maintained and very clean. Our apartment was very spacious and clean. The furniture is very comfortable and well maintained although it might be a bit dated for some peoples' tastes . We had a large open plan lounge with sofa bed, armchairs, dinning table and four chairs, kitchen including microwave and a breakfast bar area. We had a seperate bedroom with king bed and there was three large wardrobes. The bathroom had a shower. There were two televisions and a safe in the room. There's a laundrette and an outdoor swimming pool. We would not hesitate to recommend this to others and certainly would be willing to return ourselves as we were very impressed.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dalemeken
<Content>Great Value What a lucky find! An incredible location (right behind Graumann's Chinese Theatre but on a quiet cul-de-sac), only a block from the Red Line subway. I had what can best be described as an apartment-type unit for only $89 a night.The staff was friendly and helpful. Will definitely stay there again if I ever go back to LA.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>busterbrown
<Content>Suite location Although the room is a little dated, having the kitchenette was nice for our family of 4, and the hotel location couldn't be better. The parking and internet access are included which is a plus. The hotel also has a pool and laundry room. We only stayed 2 nites ($79/nite for jr. suite), but if were staying longer would get a full suite (with full kitchen and microwave). We missed not having a microwave in the kitchenette. It is a good value for a suite in a sweet location and would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was fine I thought the hotel met our needs perfectly. I was traveling with my husband and two adult daughters. We have them the bedroom and we had the bed in the front room. Even though our room was on the first floor, right by the pool there was never any noise. Also it's on a safe street and seconds away from the Hollywood tourist scene, which thought was a benefit. Free parking and I always felt very safe there. My ONLY complaint is that the room reeked of cigarette smoke. Other than that it was clean and you could not find a better price for a two bedroom room. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Disappointed- Did we stay at the same place????????? After reading all of the reviews I expcated a lot more from this place. I actually wondered if we were staying in the same place.  I agee with eveyone the location is wonderful- could't ask for a better location. In addition it also offered free parking and internet access. The room was dated, carpet was worn and it smelled of stale smoke. I did not feel it was clean. As a matter of fact, the shower curtain had black mildew all over the back, the windowsill in the bathroom was just filled with dirt and the placemat on the kitchen table had dried ketchup stuck on it. We had a double queen suite. On the back bed the, there was a hole in the bottom sheet large enough my husbands foot kept getting stuck in it. Finally the pillows were just awful. I was very disappointed and will never stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value! We stayed 2 nights at the Orchid Suites and were pleased. The staff was very friendly. My husband got the flu the day we checked in and the woman at the front desk was so concerned and helpful. She also made sure we know about special happenings around town. The place is not beautiful but very clean and spacious.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DavePortland
<Content>Better than Expected and Wonderful Location       King size bed  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Venice
<Content>Fabulous Budget Hotel My husband and I are in our 30鈥檚 and were looking for a budget hotel to spend a couple days before a cruise. After reading various reviews, we decided to stay at this hotel based on price and location. The location was phenomenal, within walking distance to most attractions and a couple blocks away from the metro and bus lines (which we used with ease). The service was top notch. Upon our arrival (via taxi) on a Friday night, the front desk attendant buzzed us in and even assisted us with our luggage. He was very friendly and welcoming. Our King suite was located on the first floor in the back of the hotel. Our room was spacious and adequately equipped with a full kitchen. The coffee maker with coffee, tea, sugar and cream packets was a welcome touch. We had a large patio with 2 chairs a table and a couple lounge chairs, which we used to start our morning sipping coffee and planning out our day. Down side was the noise. The maid station was right next to our room. We tried taking an afternoon nap, only to hear them talking very loudly, vacuuming, etc. the entire time. The pool looked nice, but we did not have enough time to use it. Highly recommend if you want something simple at a great value!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TheNewsGuy
<Content>Great Location Well equiped suites right in the middle of Hollywood. Steps to Graumanns and Kodak Theater. We had lots of room, comfortable unit but showing its age. Great price (about $70/night) Would stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love it, so comfy and roomy I had mixed feelings going into this hotel with the reviews I had read on here, but I was very happily surprised. I have junior room, $69/night and it is HUGE. There are two double beds, two huge closets, a big bathroom (that you can heat up!!) and a small kitchen. The kitchen has 1 burner, a coffee maker, a teapot, a sink and small fridge. Cooking utensiles, dishes, cups, silverware...everything you need is included. Including the kitchen table!! The beds are comfortable and while it is not 2006-modern it is still pretty up-to-date. The tv is a little old but it still works fine. I would DEFINATELY reccommend this hotel to anyone and everyone. It is very close to everything and it is very, very safe. Everything has a lock, or 3 (which the doors in the actual rooms have) the parking lot, the front door, it was all locked.I will be here for the next week and I am completely confident that I will be fully satisfied.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mrsean
<Content>Noisy but Nice       View from Level 3  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>HitTheRoad2000
<Content>great value Since reading the reveiws here prompted me to stay at the hotel, I feel I should contribute!I will just be repeating what many others have said:- price is great - location behind the Kodak Theatre  close to everything you need- room was very big and very clean- staff was really very, very friendly and helpful - property is very secure- parking is free - free wireless access to the internet use of a PC in the lobby if you don't have a laptopthis hotel is a great value!  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value and Location! My wife and I attended a seminar in West Hollywood. Their suggested hotels were over $150.00 per night. Being on a limited budget, we searched elsewhere. We saw Hollywood Orchid Suites on TripAdvisor and decided to try it for about $71.00 per night. We were pleasantly surprised. The Hollywood Orchid Suites was an old apartment building, so each suite has a bedroom, which is similar to a normal hotel room, and a separate full kitchen. The closets were generous and the bathroom was average. They had heat in the bathroom and the exhaust fan actually was effective. My wife loves that! The balcony was nice touch with a table and chairs. The hotel was old and dated, but very neat and clean. The pool was spotless. The desk help had no personality, but was very helpful and knowledgable of the area and the best route back to the airport. I LOVED the free, secure, underground parking. Rain is no problem. The location is great if you want to visit the Chinese theater. You can walk. Their is no breakfast, but pick up some groceries on the way and put them in the full size refrigerator. Overall, it is an excellent value and we would stay their again.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is the place I'd stay For the price we paid ($89 /day), what we got was way aboove expectation. People are friendly. Lady at reception spent almost 30 minutes, giving us various options where we can go (as we had one spare day). And spent 20-25 minutes, trying to arrange some tourist bus to go around places.This is the hotel I'd stay if I go to Hollywood again!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Much better than expected for that price.Beautiful. We did not expect to find such a wonderful hotel for the price of 89$ per night just right in the heart of Hollywood: behind the Kodak Theatre, close to everything you need. The room was excellent - very big and clean, with a nice kitchen. The staff was really very, very friendly and helpful in providing us with information of any kind. The hotel is very secure: though there is a safe in the room, you don't really need it since getting into the hotel is quite impossible without the key. Parking is for free - which saved us a lot of money. And you have a free wireless access to the internet. All in all, we highly recommend this hotel for everybody, since it was really great! We would stay there again any time!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wind006
<Content>Bargain in Hollywood YES the Orchid Suites is a bargain in Hollywood! Our family of 6 stayed in a 2 bedroom unit for 2 nites. The location is ideal for visiting Hollywood and Universal Studios. Keep in mind the hotel is old and we did not like the smell-- kind of old cigarette smell. The swimming pool is tiny and not heated while we were there. The pool was too cold to swim in. We had to wait 20 minutes for our room to be ready at check-in even though I called two hours before arrival and we arrived in the early evening. The staff are for the most part very helpful. Parking was in the underground garage was great with easy access to 101.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ragjunk
<Content>This is THE place to stay. My family and I stayed in this hotel for a night in Dec. 2005. What a gem it is! We stayed in many different places in and around Hollywood area before, but none was this good. As other reviewers mentioned, it is at walking distance to Hollywood walk of fame. The area felt very safe. The parking was free and secured in an underground facility.The hotel looks more like an old apartment. We stayed in their 2 bedroom suite, which was very spacious. The kitchen was very spacious and functional. Everything was clean and just perfect. The staff was very friendly. They even let us keep our car parked there for a few hours after the check-out, so we could take a walk to the Hollywood walf of fame.The facility has one swimming pool, but since it was Dec. we didn't use it. The carpet in the room is ready for a replacement, I guess. While it is clean, you could feel the old carpet and its smell.This is exactly where I stay in my next visit to Hollywood.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very happy We stayed at the Hollywood Orchid Suites for four nights in December 2005 after much searching on the internet and in guidebooks. There was a manager's special on the website so the rate for a room with a full kitchen and king sized bed was excellent. The location couldn't be better as others have noted. Just a few steps to shopping, restaurants and the Metro which will take you all over LA. The hotel is older but the room was spotless, and at this time of year, it was very quiet. The staff at the front desk were very friendly and helpful. I spoke to the owner one evening and told him we were very pleased with the hotel, since there are many other hotels that look good on the internet but turn out to be dodgy or in a seedy area. I told him that I look for reviews on this site and he indicated that he had read that some guests were not happy and that he wished they would tell the staff rather than leaving and writing bad reviews. I agree; it's only fair to give the staff the opportunity to rectify the situation. I have nothing negative to say about this hotel and I would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Traveller071
<Content>Great Place to Stay, amazing location/ price Honestly this place is great. The price is amazing compared to many other places in L.A and the location is great as well. This was the only part of Hollywood that I felt comfortable in. Plus the free parking made it easier to have a car - because you need a car if you want to see everything in L.A. Its much faster, easier, cheaper, and safer if you just rent a car.- Even though the rooms are outdated style wise, they are still clean and large. The staff was helpful and friendly. One thing you have to remember is that this is a budget hotel, probably like a 2 star. So there are no extras and nothing is fancy. But it is still great value and I would definetly recommend it everyone.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Narla
<Content>Good value but service could be better We booked a suite months in advance for a family of five. Despite this, the sofa bed did not have any sheets provided - when these were requested from reception,I was almost called a liar. Other bedding provided was inadequate as it was cold  the heater did not work. In general the person on reception was rude throughout our stay. Apart from its cental location with free parking  the room being clean, I would be reluctant to stay here again purely because of the poor service.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>geminitraveller
<Content>Great Hollywood Hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ramit
<Content>Great location and free parking Stayed for 1 night in September and 2 nights in OctoberGood points:Around 15 metres from the back entrance to the hollywood and highland centre which the chinese theatre is part of. This also connects to hollywood boulevard. The area around this complex is the only part of LA I felt safe walking around until the early eveningFree underground Secure parking with plenty of spacesRooms were very spacious, secure and clean and had safe.Very reasonably priced. Only $79 a night plus tax in October, plus the parking was safe and free.Bad pointsRooms slightly outdated - But they were clean and excellent value for the priceSlightly noisy. This was nothing that a pair of earplugs did not fix!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Eriksen
<Content>Perfect location! The hotel is clean and parking is free and location is perfect, right behind the Kodak Theatre takes 2 min. to get there! Pls. be aware that it's old and not fancy. Staff was friendly and helpfull.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>matthijst
<Content>Great hotel, huge rooms Well, must admit, I got kinda worried after reading some of the reviews. But this hotel is great! We stayed 2 nights. Location is great: walking distance (1 block) to Mann's Chinese and Hollywood  Highland.Free parking in a locked garage. Rooms are very big and have a full kitchen: great.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bills47
<Content>Great Location, Nice Room, But Early Morning Noise We stayed at the Hollywood Orchid Suites for five nights on our vacation in August, 2005. We paid about $112/night, including tax. We couldn't have asked for a much better location. The hotel is located behind the Kodak Theater and Grauman's Chinese Theater and a short walk to restaurants, shops, a Metro stop and other popular attractions. The hotel itself is small and old, but our room was large, newly-remodeled, clean and comfortable. It included two large closets, one of which had shelves, and a full kitchen (which we didn't use). Underground parking was free. Our biggest (and only) complaint was noise. The suite above us apparently didn't have carpet, and we were awakened in the middle of the night with what sounded like a wrestling match. We complained to the front desk and the problem was immediately taken care of. However, there was another noise problem which the front desk had no control over. The hotel is kitty-corner from a large, busy loading dock. We were awakened every morning by the sound of trucks accessing the loading dock. The noise started about 6:30AM and included the beeping of the trucks when they backed up. Since our room was in the very front of the hotel, we got the worst of the noise, but I suspect that most of the rooms got some as well. In summary, I would definitely recommend this hotel, but suggest that the front rooms be avoided, unless you are a very heavy sleeper.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>maz829
<Content>Great location and staff...Horrible Guests!       View from 2nd Floor  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Big but Not Beautiful The hotel rooms were large but very dated and worn. The beds were extremely hard and the kitchen looked clean but looking closely you wouldn't want to eat much there. The air conditioners and plumbing were both very noisy. It was very easy to hear adjoining neighbors and we could even see one man showering from the hallway!!! (head up of course) On the plus side, the pool was nice (no spa) and the location is good. It is behind the Kodak theatre so you have zero view but walking distance to all of the Hollywood Blvd. sites. Staff was courteous and helpful.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Another great stay Orchid Suites continues to be a great bargain in a prime Hollywood location. I've stayed here with family members two years in a row and would certainly return. Rooms are large with (in many cases) a well-equipped full kitchen. Underground parking is safe, secure, and convenient. Pool is a pleasant diversion and well-maintained. I noticed a problem with a loose spotlight in the pool this year, reported it to the front desk and was impressed to see it fixed in a matter of hours. At some hotels, that type of problem means closing the pool for days at a stretch. The rooftop garden/sunning spot is a great place to relax and watch the activity below.The only minor problem this year was with a noisy neighbor above us. When I mentioned it to the front desk, they asked the family to take another room on the first floor: problem solved.Staffers are friendly, helpful and well-informed. We left a video cord behind this year, and they tracked it down and mailed it to us at no charge. Overall, a great stay and a great bargain. I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ricksltlsister
<Content>Great on the wallet This is not a fancy hotel, they do not have a large amount of amenities, but if this is the area of Los Angeles you want to stay in, it can't be beat for value. I stayed here in the past and have reservations to stay again. The rooms are outdated, but clean and they full kitchen with everything you need is excellent if you can't afford to eat out every meal. The location is fantastic and, unless you are out at the wee hours of the morning, the neighborhood is quite safe. I look forward to my next stay.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PAVacationer614
<Content>Exceded Expectations When planning our Southern CA vacation, I bought several tour books because I tend to over-research everything. This hotel was mentioned in at least one of them. I compared it to some others (like Magic Castle), and this one was more within my budget and sounded ideal. I found it a little confusing to get to (Hollywood traffic is laughable), but accidentally ended up in the correct lane, and made the correct turn at the intersection of a thousand arrows (those who have been there will know what I'm talking about). When we entered the room, I was absolutely shocked at the size. It was HUGE. As others have intimated, it's not plush, but unless you plan on spending a lot of time in your room, it's more than adequate. And as others have also said, the location couldn't be much better. The only negative I can recall is that the suite had two rooms, and their was no way to shut off the one room, so the girls didn't have as much privacy as they probably would have liked. I've only been to H-Wood once, so have nothing to compare this place to, but I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>cant beat it!! i stayed here at the orchids last year, my first time to holywood,,you just cant beat it,,the price is very inexpensive and the location is unreal,,literally 100 or so feet to the mall where the kodak theatre is and holywood blvd,,security is great, door is always locked, you must get buzzed in, or use your key!!,,the rooms are not a 4or 5 star hotel room, but they are very very large, it is like you are in a condo or an apartment,,mine had a sliding door that led out to a very large patio!! and a full kitchen with a door on it, thats right in the kitchen,,the furnsihing are old, but who cares,,if you take in consideration the location, price and largeness of the room, itworks great and also the staff was fine,,,have fun!!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel  Stayed here for a week December 2004, including Christmas day, and couldn't have been more impressed. Rooms are large (ours had a kitchen, which has a door you can close so you can make a cup of coffee and not disturb anyone sleeping or watching TV), beds are good. Older style furnishings but everything is clean. Staff are very nice and helpful, and the location is fantastic. Just a very short walk out the front door into the back of Hollywood  Highland centre, and a bus stop and train/subway station is right out the front of Hollywood  Highland centre - there is aslo a tourist information desk there too. I found the rate on Expedia the same as booking directly with them so I did that. They were very prompt with their confirmation and with any questions I had. If you check out the hotel's website they have a very clear description and layout of what the rooms are like which I found very helpful. Couldn't recommend it enough, for sheer space in the rooms, location, cleanliness, and helpfulness of staff it can't be beaten on price.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Not So Good, Location Great I chose Hollywood Orchid Hotel for the location. I thought it was going to be alot better, by reading other peoples reviews online. Not so in my case. I was told I would get a room with a view, and I got a view of a wall. The shower's drain wouldn't stay up, so I had to turn off the water to soap up. My handicap mother who was with me for Mother's Day, couldn't even use the shower because of this. Parking underground great, but if you leave in the evening, you won't be parking in the underground garage when you come back. (Parking Very Limited) I had a coupon for $65 for 2 beds/kitchette. They said they couldn't honor the price due to weekend. So I had to pay $79 ($90 total), and still had to give them the coupon for that price. The place was OLD, and Run Down. I brought my own sheets, and blanket which really helped me deal with this place. The only thing good about this place is the location. You walk underneath the Renaissance Hotel, and your right at the Hollywood Blvd. Outside Mall, Kodak Theatre, and Manns Chinese Theatre. If you don't care where you sleep, then here's your place. Personally I would spend a extra few bucks a get a better hotel. The Roosevelt is just is close, and you can get good deals online. Stay away from room #302 BAD.... The Indians/Indonesians that run the hotel are nice, but don't give a ---- if something goes wrong in your room. Sorry is all you'll get.  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

