<Author>specialteacherTexas
<Content>Nicely impressed I've been to NO many times and am a sort of clean freak so I needed to be in a room that was clean and not moldy or musty as I have been in the past at another NO hotel just this summer. The room I had was exceptionally clean, beds and pillows were awesome. it looked to have been recently renovated which was a nice treat.  I had to park my car around the block which I didn't mind at all, especially since it was only $15 per night. (most hotels charge $30), and my car sat for 3 days with my back window accidentally open about an inch, and it was untouched. The breakfast was a nice treat with more than the usual sweet breads and coffee. As we pulled up to the hotel, we weren't impressed with the lobby and my daughter and I thought oh well but once we got inside and felt the warmth (it was 42 degrees outside)!! of the people and the comfortability of our beds we were very satisfied. So don't judge this hotel by the lobby, we stayed this summer at a charming NO hotel with courtyard and the whole cute 9 yards, and it wasn't half as clean or comfortable as this one, and cost more!!If you go to the riverwalk eat at the food court, the food is not your typical fast food, it's just as good as any moderate type restaurant in NO, maybe even better. (Messina's) I was really disapointed with the Acme Oyster House, I think they're overrated. The coolest voodoo shop has to be Authentica, it's original and unlike all the rest, really kind of spooky, with voodoo dolls from Brazil, Africa, and Haiti, it's an experience just to see it.The Aquarium was beautiful and the Omnimax movie about NO was really good. Cafe Du Monde is such a fun place to take a break.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>llittle
<Content>Another Very Nice Visit this is the second december in a row i've stayed here, with popa noel rates and booked through bookit.com, the rate was fantastic, at $62 including taxes. had a very nice room on the 8th floor, overlooking carondelet st. the heating/cooling unit was whisper quiet and the rooms are well appointed. the first night i had a VERY noisey couple , across the hall, and could hear them some, but not a big problem. the staff were all friendly and helpful. the extended continental breakfast is very complete, including small omelets, bacon, sometimes bowls of fresh fruit and most anything you can imadgine. i really like the location, on the st charles st streetcar line, a block across canal street to bourbon st, easy walking distance to many places. if you come next december don't miss the celebration in the oaks, at the city park and the free theresa andersson concert at st louis cathederal[put on by french quarter festivals inc.] .  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>carol01
<Content>smoking rooms We are booked to stay at this hotel next year with Jetsave tours. I requested a smoking room and Jetsave are charging me over 拢100 for this. Does the hotel charge this amount extra for a smoking room or is it Jetsave's way of making money out of their customers?  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pes2u
<Content>First Visit At Holiday Inn       Accomodations At Holdiay Inn EX  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>pier1travel
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised I was in NOLA for business and decided to extend my stay for two days. Chose to remain at the HIE since that is where the business reservation was. Previous reviews were mixed - some okay, some not. I did not really know what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised. The front desk staff were very friendly and helpful. I received bottled water, cookies, and late checkout since I am a Priority member. The room was clean and the beds were very comfortable. On the negative side, the bathrooms are quite small. The door almost hits the toilet. Also, the rooms all seem to have minor differences. I stayed two nights as on my Priority reservation. I requested to change rooms since the first looked directly into a parking garage. One room had a micro  fridge while the other did not. I am not sure if the eighth floor is reserved for Priority members, but the rooms there seemed to be a bit larger. We had a few problems - noisy neighbors, missing remote, defective safe, but the staff handled them immediately. The breakfast was a welcoming surprise as well. It is advertised as a continental breakfast so I was expecting pastries  juice. I was surprised to find cereals, meat (bacon or sausage), eggs, and gravy. There were several juice choices, instant oatmeal  grits.While we were there, they were renovating the seventh floor (replacing all of the carpeting), and they started the eighth floor on the day that we left. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>happycheese1
<Content>Disappointed after lovely stay at another HIE during the holiday The forty of us on the tour really enjoyed staying at the HIE in Nashville earlier in the holiday as the rooms, decor was a really high standard. How disappointed were we all! For starters, about a third of us had rooms overlooking other room windows. One couple had a window which was overlooking the internal hallway. No window to the outside. The bedrooms were generally quite grubby by their descriptions and the ones I went in. My room had large stains around the desk area. One of them was bright red. I presume the stain was lipstick, but as the level of lighting was poor, it was difficult to determine what it was.Another grumble some shared was the size of the bathrooms. One had to sit on the toilet in order to shut the door. My room had a bathroom suitable for disabled guests. But the room was not disabled friendly, as in order to go from the bathroom to the bed area, you had to climb a couple of steps. At least there were handrails. But, I can imagine there have been guests forgetting the steps and doing some injury. Back to the bathrooms, there was no where to store your towels during the night. I used one of the disabled rails.At least three couples did not get coffee etc and did ask for it before they went out for the evening. When they returned, their requests were still not been actioned. Also with wake up calls were either not actioned or done 10 mins late! So if you need to be woken up at a certain time, either bring an alarm clock or use the alarm on your mobile.The only good thing was the location and the breakfast.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>kev0411
<Content>Nothing Special but not bad. Well unlike the last reviewer that has an issue with thrifty travellers, which by staying here I guess that what it makes me and my wife the hotle in all was not bad just average. The late check-in.was a little ridiculous, since most people arrive usually much earlier as my wife and i did. The front desk staff did little to help the process either, in fact one even was rude when at 3pm we asked a room might be ready. We did finally get a room around 4:30pm. The room was nice and from past reviews most talked about the hotel needing a face lift and from what we could see they were working on that. The pool was not much bigger then a bathtub. I guess you dont go to NOLA to go swimming. As far as closiness to the french Quarter you are 3 blocks from Burbon street. 5 blocks from Harrahs and River walk 4 blocks from shopping and dinning which are all the things people go to NOLA for, besides the atmosphere.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>ArtieLange
<Content>Marginal The hotel with its late 4:00 pm check-in was not ready when I tried to check in at 5:00 pm. When I asked what time the room would be ready, they could not even tell me. I noticed I wasn't the only one who was told to come back at later time.Unless you are a college-age adult, avoid this hotel as it attracks drunken Bourbon Street revelers and other thrifty travelers.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	1	-1	2	

<Author>Forced_Traveller
<Content>Overall a very good stay Stayed there for a conference. The hotel is 2 blocks from the French Quarter (Bourbon Street) and Canal Street, a relatively easy walk. There is a Walgreens and soon-to-be CVS located within short walking distance, so any needed supplies are easy to get. The businesses on the street are being renovated so daytime noise and construction were somewhat loud, but we were up early so it didn't bother us. Right next door is a little bar (Dominics) that sells hard-core hurricanes or margaritas for only $7! One of these drinks will knock you on your butt, which is much cheaper than some of the watered-down versions in the French Quarter. As for the Hotel itself, when we arrived, the front doorman was very friendly! We didn't have a car, but valet parking was cheaper than other hotels we saw. Definitely use him as an excellent source for info if you want to take any tours, he appears to know which ones are the best. The front desk staff was somewhat friendly. We arrived at 3pm for a 4pm check-in and had to wait 30 minutes while the rooms were being prepared. The hotel is being renovated so some daytime noise was expected. Our room was clean and quite, and the staff was quick to bring up additional towels and glasses, when asked. One unfortunate incident we had was the key-card lock on our door malfunctioned one day. After getting 2 new sets of cards that didn't work, maintenance came up and tried to repair the mechanism. He spent over an hour working on it (we didn't dare leave the room) and finally replaced the whole lock. We thought it was fixed (we tried it when we left the room) but when we returned later that night, the cards didn't work again (haunted room?) We insisted that we be moved to another room and the front desk agreed, except we were moved DOWN 2 floors (from 4 to 2) and our window view went from the street to a closed in roof area. They gave us a simple basket of local sodas and chips as a gift for the trouble. There were a number of stains on the carpet in the room, but the bed and bath were clean and the door key worked. The HOT breakfast was simple, warm cheese omelets (the cheese wasn't melted), very greasy, non-crisp bacon, sausage, biscuits and white gravy, good hot cinnamon rolls, cold cereal and yogurt. There was also the standard bulk dispensed apple, orange, and cranberry juices. On the weekends, they also have undercooked scrambled eggs. Overall it was an ok stay, what we expected from a Holiday Inn Express, but the location and price were a good combination. We'd stay there again, if we went back to NOLA.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>PyrateLeFey
<Content>Great time in New Orleans We attended a Piratecon convention in the French Quarter April 17-20, 2008. Our designated hotel was the Holiday Inn Express on Carondelet. My roomate and myself felt the hotel was a great value. The rooms were clean, and quiet, it was a quick walk to Bourbon St., so the convenience was great, since alot of our events were held on Bourbon St. or other nearby locations. The staff was courteous and very helpful. The free breakfast was a welcome bonus! and delicious. We came to N.O. a week early to enjoy the city and we surely did.! We took the Haunted History Tour, the Down South Tours which visited the cemetary,Garden District,and Katrina Disaster Areas, we also took the Ultimate Swamp Adventure Tour/Plantation Tour.. All of our tour guides obviously loved their jobs. They were all very knowledgeable and fun to talk to, and we agreed the tours were a fabulous addition to our trip! A must do is Cafe' DuMonde. we felt they had the best beniegne it town! we also loved The Bourbon House for lunch or dinner. Don't miss the Antique shops on St. Charles and take the streetcar for a fun trip thru the garden district.. There is so much to enjoy in New Orleans. I recommend taking the time to look past Bourbon St. I would love to go back in the future for further exploration!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ber5408
<Content>Great location for a NOLA vacation I had been wanting to visit New Orleans and found this hotel on Hotwire. The location was terrific - we walked everywhere. The hotel is adequate although it isn't great if you are planning on spending lots of time in the room. The staff was always pleasant every time we came through the lobby and there is a concierge who gives out great maps and some dining ideas. I was concerned about our safety since it was me and my teenage daughter but we never felt unsafe. There were all kinds of people walking by all day and night and we would walk back to the hotel at 10 pm or so and always felt safe. The restaurant that is attached to the hotel is ok - there are so many better options nearby that I would use this as a last resort. We walked to the N.O. School of cooking one day for a really wonderful cooking class that was only $27 each and included 4 courses and the recipes.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>dmc42467
<Content>Avoid This Hotel with a late 4pm checkin room was not ready - told to wait at least another 45mins. Requested several days before a rollaway bed but was placed in a room that could NOT accomodate a rollaway bed. alarms going off all night - this place is a rude mess. will avoid holiday inns at all cost.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>flyingdutchman06
<Content>Good location, hotel not remarkable       King size bed  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	2	5	

<Author>tpastor
<Content>What a dump! This place is a dump. The lobby smells (stinks) of smoke, the entrace is worn and dated. When we went to check in, the desk crew barely acknowledged our presence. We were given the wrong room, only one bed insted of two. The room we finally got was very dated. The wall fixture had no shade, the table wobbled to the point it almost fell over, the linens were worn and the bed spreads were thread bare. the carpet was stained with who knows what, the chairs looked like someone had an accident on them. The curtain rod in the bath was loose, the bath door wouldn't open without lifting the toilet seat, the fixtures were poorly installed and teh drain was very slow leaving you to stand in bath water. The street noise was incredible with a band playing outside until way after midnight. The only good thing was the price.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>MMMaryland
<Content>Good Breakfast       Bed  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Zorra_B
<Content>A location C hotel A hotwire price We stayed for a weekend in January 2008.Location is terrific if you want to be in the French quarter; walk to everything.Property itself is okay. Lobby etc have seen better days. Room was large and well equipped though decor is dated.Did not eat in the restaurant, so can't comment.Price was terrific--$68 on Hotwire (parking extra, of course.)Overall we were quite satisfied with this hotel at this price.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>leisure-traveller44
<Content>Not like other Expresses This hotel was a real surprise, and a pleasant one. It is a conversion from the old Cotton Exchange Hotel, itself a conversion from the actual Exchange. I know some people were very unhappy with their rooms, because some are small and airless, so be careful to check this out on arrival. I was given a large corner room, which was very quiet even though it had two windows, one to the street. A look at the floorplan suggests that there are quite a few large rooms and only a small number of poor ones (but these are apparently VERY poor). The bathrooms are quite small but very well equipped with amenities, and clean. The location was excellent--five minutes from the French Quarter by foot. The area seemed quite safe. I walked quite happily back to the hotel around 9-10 pm without qualms. Breakfast was fine, and included heavenly biscuits (scones) and either scrambled eggs or omelets, with a wide choice of doughnuts and bread. The hotel is 5 mins. walk from its full-service sister, but I paid approximately 70% of the room charge at that hotel. Well worth it, and a much less standard hotel.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Cleveland_OHOnthego
<Content>Nice hotel, close to Bourbon St. We spent 5 days at the Holiday Inn Express in New Orleans one week after Mardi Gras. The hotel is only one block from Bourbon Street and you can walk all over the French Quarter from the hotel. You can also take the Canal St. or St. Charles Streetcars for $1.25 one way. We stayed in Room 823 which was very spacious, but our son stayed in 814 and it was a bit smaller. Room was very clean, neat, newer bathroom and quiet. Has a fridge and microwave.There is a small outdoor pool on 6th floor; we didn't use - not warm enough outside. If you want a workout room, you have to leave the hotel and go to another hotel that allows you to use theirs - a drawback for my husband. Free continental breakfasts in the morning, but go find beignets and coffee elsewhere at an outside cafe! You have to pay close to $20/day for valet parking, but you can get the car out of garage anytime without extra charges, which we did many times. You are close to restaurants, jazz and blues clubs, restaurants, gambling, going on paddlewheel cruises on the Mississippi. Fun time! Go to New Orleans and help out the economy, which is still trying to rebound from Hurricane Katrina.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tooroberts
<Content>Great Deal - Great Location - Great Value Location is very good at just a block and a half from intersection of Bourbon and Canal. The room was clean and comfortable. All of the staff members were courteous and helpful. The free breakfast was very nice with plenty of choices. I would recommend anyone would have a good stay there, and as well, I plan on stay with them again when I have a chance.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>engineer64
<Content>Good Hotel Good Price Great Location This hotel is located about a block from Bourbon Street, just on the other sideof Canal Street, so the location is excellent. The room was good and roomy. The only negative comment was that I never was successful getting the wireless internet to work - although the Hampton Inn across the street worked really well. The breakfast was very good. The staff was excellent and everyone had really helpful attitudes. The location is worth the rate - $90.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>mimilives
<Content>Walking Distance to the Superdome When: Jan 1-3, 2008.Who: 2 guestsWhere: 3rd Floor Queen Size room (Rm 304), overlooking Carondelet Street.Pros: Convenient location, just a 15 min walk to the Superdome, Comfortable Queen Bed, Good Assortment of Breakfast items.Cons: Front Desk Staff not very friendly, Fire Alarm went off at 2:00 am, Small sized room.My wife and I stay here because of the walking distance to the Superdome. You may want to catch a cab or trolley to get to the French Quarter or Harrah's Casino. The only negative I can say about this property was the very unfriendly front desk staff. They never gave you their undivided attention or even smiled for that matter. As for the fire alarm going off, un-official reports from guests, were that some young gentlemen, were smoking in the stairwell, which triggered the fire alarm. All guests had to get out of bed and go into the lobby.If we are in town for another sporting event at the Superdome, we would likely stay here again, merely for the convenience and the price. We wouldn't recommend it for longer stays.SGS 010408 Pearlridge, HI.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	2	-1	-1	

<Author>SheWhoWanders
<Content>If you don't like sleep this is the place for you! We visited this hotel for three nights late in December (between Christmas and New Years). When we checked in we were pleasantly surprised as we had a $49 rate for a mystery hotel from Bookit and the place looked nice. Overall it was an experience mixed with very negative and rather positive experiences - details follow...Postive - Amazing location (one block from Bourbon and Canal)! Safe feeling section of town. Right by the St.Charles streetcar route. Great free continental breakfast!First night: We were evacuated by a horrible alarm in the middle of the night due to a fire on the 7th floor (someone fell asleep smoking they said), we finally got back in and went back to sleep to be woken up by housekeeping at 7:30 (there were not do not disturb signs available) - we declined their services, then the housekeeping supervisor called at 9am to make sure we really did not want housekeeping services, waking us up again. The place was SO NOISY!!!! The room two down had 11 people staying in it - we complained about the noise and the issue was not resolved. They obviously do not control the amount of people in the room - there were travelers for the Sugar Bowl arriving as we left and there were numerous rooms that had a ton of people staying in them!Other negatives: We did not have our room cleaned the first two mornings, but did on the third and they took all the linens and did not replace them. The bathroom door was in sections (the bathroom was too small to have a regular door close since it was too close to the toilet) and made an awful screeching noise when you tried to quietly close it in the middle of the night. The view out our window was of the other side of the building about 20 feet away. Our keys had to be reset four times since we kept being locked out when we returned. The front desk staff were extremely slow, rather unhelpful and not effective - examples: could not help us with directions, we did not get the wake-up calls we placed (two), unable to resolve issues, etc...For the price we paid, it was ok. I would stay here again if there was a really cheap rate and we came with low expectations. If you want a more positive experience, I would pay a little more and try the Hilton Garden Inn or Hampton that are on the same block (I have had great experiences with both of those).  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	1	1	4	

<Author>CCC1979
<Content>perfect for a girls weekend getaway My girlfriend and I went to New Orleans for a weekend getaway. This hotel was perfect for us because it was close to the french quarter and easy to get to from the airport. In a couple of minutes walk, we were at restaurants, bars, and all types of other cool stuff. The hotel is well maintained and updated.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>MSAuntT
<Content>Great Value This hotel is perfectly located. We were there for 2 nights, with a 2-year old, and the walk to the quarter, superdome and aquarium were a snap. The hotel staff was super-friendly. Anytime we passed someone they stopped what they were doing to inquire about our stay. The valets were very friendly and prompt, although we never got our car out until time to check-out since we were able to walk to all destinations. The breakfast was like all other HI Express Hotels, with a nice variety for everyone. As I was holding my 2-year old and attempting to pour him some milk, a valet happened by and rushed over to help. The next time we go to NO, we will certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TerryNA
<Content>Great service, great value Only a 5-minute walk from the French Quarter, tucked into a side street, this hotel offers great service and surprisingly low prices. During my 2-day stay, 3 or 4 employees let me know they cared about my comfort. Upon check-in, they gave me a handy fold-out pocket map of the business district and French Quarter. Room was very clean, bathroom recently redone, even though the building was very old. Though I was only 3 doors from the elevator, the room was very quiet (except for construction; see below).Only a couple of minor downsides: In my room (436), wireless Internet signal was so weak that I was frequently disconnected. Could not get hot water above ~ 85 degrees F the second night. At the moment (Aug. 2007), the National American Bank Bldg. across the street is being gutted, and workmen are dumping debris several floors down into hoppers (which sounds a lot like distant thunder). They continued working till after midnight, then started up again at 7 AM. So for the immediate future, you might ask for a room at the back of the hotel, away from Carondelet Street.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>welove2travel01
<Content>Good Location and Great Breakfast We stayed 1 night in this hotel.We typically choose Holiday Inn Express because ( no order)1) free breakfast2) always in a convenient, safe or good location to our destination3)We know what to expect of the hotelWell, this Holiday Inn fit all three of these items. The breakfast was fresh and fully stocked. Of course, we were up before all of the Bourbon St. revelers.This hotel is very close to Bourbon St. We were able to walk to the French Market and other great places in the French Quarter.The rooms were nice, probably could use some updated carpet. The toilet roll was behind and to the left of the toilet. I have stayed in many of hotels that have this setup. It is annoying, but we deal with it. The mattress wasn't the softest and the sheets/covers seems a tad small for the bed. The room ceilings were high. I guess this was due to the structure of the building. It did have an electronic thermostat for the room.The lobby was nicely decorated, considering this is a historical building. There was a charge to park the car overnight- $25? No big deal to us, we had that same issue in NYC at a downtown hotel there also.Overall, I would put this more as a Holiday Inn, rather than in the Express category. We have stayed at some Express' that were newer and had much more comfortable rooms.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>coleman1615
<Content>Service Terrible Parking $25 dollars a day Parking was $25 dollars a day (no one every told us about the parking), It took them 31/2 hours to bring us a toilet plunger,Several big red spots in carpet, AC broke in room in middle of vacation had to pack up everthing and move in middle of trip. NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CharlieDC
<Content>Incredible! Absolutley incredible. We stayed here for two nights and could not have asked for anything better. We were a 3-5 minute walk from the intersection of Canal and Bourbon Streets - an AMAZING location.The beds were so comfortable we didn't want to leave the room. The breakfast was delicious and the staff was incredibly friendly. The internet was complimentary and was very fast.Couldn't have asked for anything better - and it was so cheap on top of all that!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>browneyedgirlms
<Content>Always our first choice We visit New Orleans at least once a month. When we do not stay with friends, we stay at the Cotton Exchange/Holiday Inn Express (this is always our first choice when it is not booked). The rates are great, the room is clean and comfortable, the staff members are friendly (all-around excellent customer service to include the hotel clerk, the valet, etc), and the hotel is in a convenient location...close to just about everything in New Orleans. We always look forward to staying here and can't wait to visit again! Keep up the great work! Melissa M. Mercer RT, RN  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Edistotiger
<Content>Good Location Stayed here 2/17 - 2/21 for Mardi Gras. Location is excellent; only a block from Canal Street and the Quarter. Room seemed small (maybe becuase we had 4 adults in it) but was servicableand clean. Beds were comfortable. Bathroom counter was small though. (again, perhaps because we had 4 adults in the room) Towels were nice  thick; we were provided with as many as we wanted. Room was nice  quiet. No view (unless you count a wall of the neighboring building). Breakfast bar was ample with multiple choices; eating area was nice  large. The staff here was very friendly. Breakfast staffer was even very nice to the woman who yelled at her for not having vodka available for her OJ at 7am (I am not making this up!). Security was good for Mardi Gras week; a guard was on duty in the lobby at all times (each guest had to wear a bracelet showing he was a hotel guest).Be aware that if you rent a car, the hotel will make you have it out of the garage by noon or charge you for an extra day when you check out. We saw one guest (whose flight did not leave until the evening) become very irate over this. I personally never rent a car when I go to NOLA, but just in case you do, be aware of this. The concierge will store your luggage with no problems though.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>TripmemberChicago
<Content>Will not stay there again Found this hotel to be very dirty and in need of repair. The curtains were dirty as well as the walls. Bathroom had issues, sink would not drain well and the toilet did not flush properly. When we turned the lights on in the morning we found a large insect on the wall that appeared to be a cockroach. This was very disturbing. I will say however that the staff was very freindly and accommodating. They did discount our room rate. However will this said I will never stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	4	-1	-1	

<Author>ChicagoJeffrey
<Content>Great Location and Value Stayed at this hotel for the second time. This hotel is a great value. It's location is prefect, just across the street from the good part of the French Quarter. This hotel is clean with real nice rooms. Did not see any problems from the hurricane at all. The hotel is an old office building or something like that. It has a real neat layout for the rooms, very different from most hotels. There are two rooms on each floor that have windows that open to the hallway, stay away from those and you're good. Will always stay here, love this property.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Complaints Here Please be advised this is now part of the Holiday Inn Express chain. As a former Nawlins resident that returns several times yearly  know the area hotels, this is an excellent choice. Several restaurants ranging from inexpensive to the skies the limit within blocks. Very pleasant staff with no hiidden charges others mentioned previously with a nice semi-private rooftop pool to cool off in. New Orleans is still beautiful and She needs your help now desperately, so give her a visit please. Thank you  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jb3710
<Content>Definitely nothing special 1st - staff is very friendly and pool area is cool2nd - we were on a weekend during JazzFest so prices were expectedly high but:-the price I was quoted online (about a month before we went) was not what they charged me when we got there, when I complained they looked and said well now the price is even higher so you'd better take this price. Over 3 days we ended up paying about $100 more than we had planned.-the price was higher than the other hotels in the area that were equal or better than the Cotton Exchange (we actually checked when we were there because we were thinking of moving)-a higher price (ok - $230/night before taxes) is fine but I would have expected hand towels and a bathmat (they arrived for the second and third nights we were there); fitted sheets on the beds would have been nice; wireless internet (the website said they had it, they didn't); a bathroom you can get in and out of without squeezing against the tiolet and the wet sink; and finally a hotel lobby would have been nice.So - if the price is right it's a fine place to stay - the location is good - about two block wald and you're on Bourbon Street in the French Quarter.Oh and they ARE changing the name to Holiday Inn Express and doing some renovations - this actually makes sense since they really don't do anything with the cool history of the hotel building  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay We recently returned from New Orleans. Our stay at the Holiday Inn Express Downtown was wonderful. We spent one night there before boarding our Carnival cruise and then 3 nights there after returning to New Orleans. They have a very competent staff that makes visitors feel welcome. We were given alittle treat bag of snacks to hold us over until we headed to dinner. The rooms were kept very clean as were the public areas. The breakfast (included in your room charge) was great. Ms. Bernadette Fisher had everything prepared and provided guests with a very cheerful welcome each morning. When we needed a cab, Derrick was quick to provide us with one that was clean and trustworthy (we thank him very much for that). A very good location for touring the city. It was only a 10 minute walk to the Aquarium and a 15 min. walk to the Grayline tour location.Overall we rate this motel very high and plan to visit again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Staff!! The Holiday Inn Express is in a great location and has a great staff. the hotel itself has some problems. The staff was so tremendously helpful in correcting all problems we had, especially Ken, Mark, and Jill. Good place for a party vacation, but no good for a family destination. Pool is tooo small.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel Ever When we made the reservations to the Cotton Exchange Hotel we were kinda sceptical. We arrived in the am and were greeted by a very friendly staff who very knowledgable. They gave us our room and we were in ,in no time. Any time you had a problem they were there. For example, my roommate lost the screw to his eye glasses and we call the front desk to see if any one could help and they sent the maintainence man and he fixed the glasses for us. Now that is service. If you ever need a room for anything at all we all strongly suggest the Cotton Exchage Hotel, it is close to everything you want to see in New Orleans and the rooms are all clean and nicely decorated. The staff will bend over backward to make sure your stay is a very pleasant one. As you can see I cannot say enough good about the hotel and we are going back there next year again and again. We LOVE the COTTON EXCHANGE HOTEL...... It is our host Hotel from now on....  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Joan Cedan and Holiday Day Inn Express /The Absolute Best!! A special thanks to Holiday Day Inn Express for hiring such a great staff. Everyone was very friendly and eager to serve and excellent in there performance. Especially Joan Cedan who gave her undivided attention to serving each of us and her beautiful smile was a calming end to a day long scheduling of classes, churchin, eating, walking, shopping, and attitudes!!!!A true God Bless You Joan for the excellent way you took care of our Great Pastor-William C. Palmer of Mount Rose Full Gospel Baptist Church in Midland, Texas. The rooms were clean and fresh, the breakfast was oh so tasty, and the location was perfect -everything in walking distance. Highly recomended, and looking forward to next year's Full Gospel Fellowship Conference, and our stay in your hotel. Keep up the superb work.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>komakino
<Content>if you're in a persistent state of vegetation you may not notice how bad this is we booked this hotel from an online third party and when we arrived we soon discovered that even if you request 2 doubles you can get stuck with 1 queen. 4 people in one bed. yeah, that was not going to work. there was nothing they could do for us and the lady was pretty rude and unaccommodating. when we get into the room it was hot. the a/c system is cheap. it's cost effective for them and adjusts the temperature at will. we could never get the room cool. i slept on the floor as they couldn't provide us with a cot/rollaway or even extra blankets and pillows. that was actually the coolest part of the room since it was right in front of the a/c. to make it worse, especially after being on the hot and humid, dirty streets of new orleans, the water in the sink came out hot only. the curtains wouldn't close all the way so we got some nice street lights making it harder to get to sleep. the walls must be paper thin or everyone was extraordinarily loud, who needs a wake up call when you have that! this place was just absolutely awful. no one was nice. and i'm not sure about this so-called business center. i never found it. i couldn't even buy a stamp from them. the only thing it had going for it is the location. it's on a street that turns into bourbon street so it's close to a lot of things. was not worth the price at all. motel 6's are nicer and cheaper.worst.hotel.ever.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I will only make this mistake once This was by far the worst experience I have ever had. During my stay I walked into the bathroom and it had not been cleaned. I then pulled the sheets back on the bed and there were crumbs in the bed. My husband hurt himself and bled a little on one of the pillow cases. The same pillowcase was on the pillow the next day. I had to clean my own room.  I made a mistake of paying for my hotel room on March 29, 2005.($370.64) I then paid for the room again on July 24. ($473.00) When I asked to speak to a manager, I was told, managers don't come in on Sunday's. Other than a dispute of paying for a hotel room twice and not having a clean room, this was an enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the great help new orleans style I frequent the Greater New Orleans area and have met an uncountable number of rude people. When I started to believe that must be the nature of the Big Easy I was shown the Big Easy could really be Big and Easy. The delightful young ladies whom enlighted were Khyra Turner, Sandi Alexs, and a young lady in house keeping named Charlene. These young ladies went above and beyond the average hotel clerk. For example, I am difficult customer to satisfty, my room was not exactly what I wanted these young ladies took me to several rooms thoughout the hotel to insure my stay was pleasant and comfortable. My stay was just that pleasant and enjoyable and comfortable. I would recommend this hotel to anyone because of their superior customer service.Aloha  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Service and Help I recently visited New Orleans for the first time with some friends. One of our party was slightly handicapped. When this hotel discovered our needs they moved us to a room with a handicapped bathroom at no extra expense and they were just wonderful about it...warm, caring and friendly.All staff members were pleasant and helpful. The names we know are Papa, Khyra, Jill, Carla, Jenny and Derrek, but there were others too. I was very impressed with everyone's attitude. I had left something in my hotel room, I called about it and someone actually returned my call! We had a great time because of this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place to stay! I really enjoyed staying at this hotel. The service was excellent from the moment Monica checked us in to when BJ checked us out. All the staff was really outstanding. The location is great, a few blocks away from the action so we could easily get there, but could sleep in a quiet area at night. The room was clean with high ceilings, and quite nice. Continental breakfast was good. (An extra toaster would have made it better.) Only glitch is the hotel did not have internet service, but they are working on it. We had an important e-mail to send, and the hotel made arrangements with another hotel so we could use their internet service. The staff was so great about it, and even the doorman Derrick, inquired with us later that day to ensure we had found internet. It was the personal service that makes this hotel outstanding!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Papa Papa works at the Holiday Inn Express in New Orleans. We had been asking at the desk of the hotel about gospel services in the area when he offered to take us to an all male choir that was performing at his church that evening. What a time we had!! It was wonderful - the music and singing was incredible. This was something one would not normally go to while in New Orleans as it was not in the tourist brochures, nor was there anyway we would have known about the performance. Papa joined us for dinner afterwards in the French Quarter and we had a great time. Papa went out of his way to be so hospitable and kind to three visitors in his city. Hopefully the Holiday Inn Express knows and appreciates what a wonderful employee they have. Papa and the choir were one of the highlights of our visit.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great stay Our stay at the Cotton Exchange was perfect for us. We didn't have to pay too much and we were right across the street from the party and the trolly system. Valet parking was great. We didn't have to worry about parking or the safty of our car. Charges for phone use and a safe are charged to the room so you might as well use them. I would have liked a bigger pool considering how hot is was but it was big enough to cool off. Swimming on the roof was different. I would stay again.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay! This is a great place to stay! It is on the quiet side of Canal Street but a very short walk to all of the action without having all that noise right outside your window. The staff was really wonderful and they gave us lots of suggestions for restaurants. Great rates and a good location - what more could you possible want? I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Family Friendly This hotel was just outside of the French Quarter on Bourbon Street. It was convenient to the trolly, the aquarium, and the IMAX theater. Our room was very clean and large enough for 4. We enjoyed the staff members that we met and I loved the lobby.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Where You At? The Holiday Inn Express has the best breakfast of any hotel chain. This hotel's presentation was the best I have seen and the attention to detail really showed. I'm very picky and I was impressed with how nice everyone was, even though the hotel was busy. New Orleans is a great place to get away for a weekend and this hotel was in the middle of downtown. My room was clean, but the carpet looked a little worn. I think I spent a total of 8 hours in my room all weekend and that was just to sleep. I'll stay here again because of the location and the impressive staff.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great property! The Holiday Inn Express located just a few blocks from Bourbon Street is an awesome place with easy access to the French Quarter! Easy to walk to all the great night spots a few blocks away, but still in a quieter part of town. I'll stay there again!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>was there a cloud over this hotel It was dirty, the staff, except a man called papa, was less than interesested in their jobs. Their seemed to be a cloud hanging over the establishement. I moved to another hotel after the first night. Papa, on the other hand, was very helpful and nice. He tried to get me to transfer to another hotel in his chain. The girls just didn't seem that interested.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>didn't need a magnifying glass to see the problems a family member from out of town had picked this hotel and we choose it to be close to him. they did not have a room ready for him when he arrived but finally found him one. we arrived 3 days later. The wallpaper in his room had started coming away from the wall and was taped back with wide striped of clear tape. He was given a handicapped room with a hole in the bathroom door instead of a door handle and the inroom safe was missing its door. Our room was very small and the door of the entertainment center was broken. We had to call for help with the safe malfunctioning (they earned the 3.95 a night charge for the safe-doesn't matter if you don't use it) a daily toll charge for phone use, would have been nice if we were told we could make long distance calls since we were charged for it anyhow. Over all the staff was pleasant, but the hotel has run down.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>excited-first-timers
<Content>great hotel a block off bourbon My girlfriend and I looked at the reviews for this hotel AFTER we had booked our reservations. These reviews got us very worried and we were thinking about changing our reservations. I am glad we did not listen to them. The reviews were totally wrong. If you are one of the losers that goes into a hotel room with a magnifying glass looking for things to be upset over - you might find something wrong. We found a clean hotel with a friendly staff. The concierge that the Cotton Exchange shares with the Holiday Inn Express was wonderful-very helpful in booking our tours and telling us where to go and most importantly in New Orleans where NOT to go. The continental breakfast was very tasty. The location was great (2 minute walk to Boubon Street and on the St. Charles Streetcar Line. This hotel was a great value and I would stay there again anytime.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TANYA66
<Content>Great Location We stayed for two nights paying about 拢50 per room per night. The rooms were clean and tidy and the free breakfast each morning was great. Loads of choice and well presented. The staff were always pleasant  polite and we would definately recommend the Holiday Inn Express' all over the world and stay there again. We choose to stay at HI Exp when we can because they are reasonably priced and include a substantial breakfast and you know exactly what you're going to get because the quality of the hotels are all very similar.This Hotel differs from the usual HI Exp as it was a little different because of all the old world touches with it being in part of the old Cotton Exchange, rather than a new purpose build hotel like many of the HI Exp. The location was great for all the sights of New Orleans. We would definately recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>maryannfromla1
<Content>ok hotel for the price the cotton exchange hotel in new orleans is a little over one block from bourbon street. the rooms are small and the air is not cold,so if your like me and like it cool better bring a fan, but for the money and the location it is ok. not much of a view, the pool is small, the cont. breakfast is really nice, i have eaten at sevaral and this is the nicest.  
<Date>May 26, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MeAMeandering
<Content>April 2005 French Quarter Jazz Festival My husband  I, just came back from a 3 day weekend, we just decided at the last moment. We had no idea the French Quarter Jazz Festival was going on, but were pleasantly suprised. Their were thousands of people. It was packed, and 90% of the hotels were booked but we still managed to get a room, at the last moment. We prefer to stay IN the quarter when we go to N.O., but we were surprised at how close the Cotton Exchange hotel actually was. It's right at Canal st. And a block or two down from Bourbon.The hotel was clean, the staff was great, nice toiletries,hair dryers, ironing board,coffee maker in room, and free continental brkfast served everyday. Also, their was a concierge to help with any tours, etc. We didn't stay in our room much. Too much going on, and we had some partying to do. You'll find good food  GREAT food while in New Orleans. You'll find that some of the balcony restraunts don't open up the balconies until 5 PM, while others are serving, but there is a 2 appetizer minimum, to eat upstairs. Sammy's on Bourbon street you'll find has great prices and good food. A MUST stop is at the Court of Two Sisters Jazz brunch. It's the largest buffet you'lll see in the quarter, and they have an eggs benedict area that's made right there as you wait. ( The BEST I've ever had.) You'll be seated out in a courtyard with a flowing fountain, beautiful folage, while you listen to a jazz band. No t-shirts allowed. Dress code. It's pricey but worth it.Another MUST stop is Pat O'Brian's, sitting outside in the evening with their flame fountain, sipping on a Hurricane is awesome. I've stayed at the Monteleon, The Omni Royal Crescent, Holiday Inn in the Quarter, and Best Western ( which has awesome bathrooms, with floor to ceiling windows)Plus, rented a condos. If your going on a budget just to get away for a weekend this hotel is great. You also have to visit Jackson Square and check out the local artwork. ( I never leave without purchasing something.) And the French Market, the oldest market in the U.S. You can find some good deals, haggle, haggle, haggle.This Hotel is clean, tastefully done, and the service was great. Good for the budget minded travelor.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice for the Price I travel often and have stayed from 1 star to 5 star. This place was clean and comfortable. Very close to the French Quarter without being in the middle of it. The staff was among the friendliest I have ever met. I would recommend.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>'cotten Exchange Hotel, New Orleans There were few problems at this hotel. The two rooms we were in were rather small. We were moved rapidly when we requested a new room. The staff members took our needs and requests seriously and quickly. We had a fire alarm pulled at 2 am and eveyone was orderly and calm. We were there during spring break so much of the noise and commotion was due to the spring breakers. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cathcuomo
<Content>Might want to rethink At first, we found this Holiday Inn a little bit raunchy and disappointing. However, we were somewhat won over by the great location, really decent bed and pillows, good air conditioning, and the daily delivery of USA Today. It's a pretty good deal for the money; however, I would recommend Hotel Monteleone (just a few steps away) for another good deal and a significantly more classy experience.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tattedtoots
<Content>Okay, not my favorite Lobby is about the size of a kitchen or large walk-in closet, and there is no bar or lounge.Rooms were small and the bathroom was smaller.The carpet was kind of stained and nasty, but the sheets were clean and such. We were charged a phone fee and in-room safe fee, but were not explained or told anything. By the way, we never used the phone.Location is great and thats about its only saving grace!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not stay here! I had booked a room at The Cotton Exchange Hotel for my birthday weekend in January. It was horrible. I got out of the airport van and stood in front of the door with it's dead plants in the planters. I should have known then this would not be a good experience. The lobby area was clean enough and check in went smoothly.I took the elevator to my floor and noticed dying plants in the elevator area as well as a dusty floor. The walk to my room did not improve. Wallpaper was peeling off the wall and there were large carpet stains throughout the hallway. My room was small for a double and dirty. There was some kind of ooze on the table cloth and the beds had been barely made. The sheets and blankets were crumpled under the coverlet. The 'Dining In' menu was a list of local chinese (and 1 Lebanese) restaurants that delivered to the hotel. The closet had no door and was maybe 2 feet deep and 3 feet wide. The bathroom was dark and had no fan or window. The window in our room gave a lovely view into the hallway of the hotel and the only thing you could see was the window of the room opposite mine. I felt like I was in a shoebox. One review I had read was how wonderfully colorful the hotel was. There was no color. This room was a dull beige and tan of sorts. The only thing of color in that room was the wall painting. I didn't find any color in the hallways other than the carpet stains. The pool was ridiculously tiny and had no view of the city. It was more the size of a hot tub but no jet spray.I took a walk down the street towards Bourbon St. and the sites did not get better. The street was loaded with trash and homeless people I had to step over or walk around. I did not feel safe at all!I asked to be moved to another room but they were fully booked. After a number discussions with hotel management, I found another hotel and moved to it that evening. I stayed at The Cotton Exchange for about 8 or 9 hours and fled as soon as I could. I would never, never recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel for price and location This hotel was great for anybody. We are college students who went on Spring Break to New Orleans. Your a block from Bourbon Street and have a bar right next door who the bartender Scotty will take care of you. You can walk to museums or straight to Bourbon street. I would stay there again, it was fine.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>UsaTravelinman
<Content>Average hotel/great location This was an average hotel in a great location. It is located about a block away from Bourbon Street. The room was a bit small, but it was clean and hospitable. I only stayed one night during my three-night vacation. I stayed right around the corner at the Hilton Garden Inn the other 2 nights. The Hilton was comparable in price, but the accommodations were much nicer. Larger room, microwave/fridge in every room. I would check availability and price at the garden inn first, then cotton exchange. As far as parking goes. If you want to save a few bucks, park at the casino, and play for 30 minutes with your players card, and get to park for free. I played everyday for a couple of hours, but all I had to do was get my parking ticket stamped, and as long as I didn't leave the garage I parked for free the entire weekend. (It saved me about $60)  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good deal near the Quarter My wife and I stayed at this hotel in January, 2005. The room was a good value given the proximity to the Quarter. However, it was an inner room (no windows), had a slightly funky smell when you first walked in, and seemed to have thin walls. (At times, you could hear water running next door, phone ringing, etc.) Staff was very nice and offered us a chance to move, but we decided not to bother, since we weren't in the room that often. The decor was nice and everything seemed clean. We would consider returning.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hotel staff very rude ! we stayed at Holiday inn express Feb 25-27 2005, it was horrible, my husband and 2 cousins checked in and that was such a hassle, my husband and i booked 2 rooms one room with 1 bed and the other for 2 beds.my husband and i room was okay. but very small. anyhow my 2 cousins who joined us on the trip shared the same room,but there problem was that when we were checking in the staff told us that there room was not going to be available for like 2 hours but gave them a 1 bed room for temperary. the problem started there,i mean it was incovience to my cousins cause it was a female and male so that was hard i mean were they sapose to sleep in the same bed. well to make a long story short we talked to management and they told us that they would receive a 2 bed room the next night THAT NEVER HAPPENED. the manager was very rude and was unable to make a our stay a good one at all. it would have been nice if the manager was able to acomadate us in a certain way but no the staff did nothing for us. This will be the last time i stay in a holiday inn express,due to the poor service i recived in New Orleans.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lil_applet
<Content>Friendly Customer Service The first thing you should know is that check in is at 4pm or so. If you expect to arrive at noon and breeze into a room, think again. They are very strict about check-in time, presumably because so many people check out late. So, arrive with that in mind and make plans to do something else. I got in at 11:30am, checked my bags with the hotel, and went out on a tour of the St. Louis Cemetary #1. When I got back, my room was ready. Ramona at the desk was particularly attentive and sweet. I needed to change my stay dates, and she hadled that right away. I was afraid there would be some glitches, but there were not. My room was nice with a great view of the river. Cleaning service was prompt every morning. They did miss an empty soda bottle that I found under one of the beds from a previuos guest, however. I do think the cleaning staff is understaffed and in a bit of a hurry every day. Nevertheless, my hotel experience was just fine. Skip the TGI Friday's next door. It was very poorly run. One guy waited over an hour for a plate of nachos before he just left. He'd had two beers, and the wait staff paid so little notice of him, he couldn't even get his tab. Needless to say, he didn't bother paying. Both mornings when I went to TGI Friday's for breakfast, the front area was scarcely watched. You could easily go in, eat a continental breakfast and skip out if you were so inclined. No one watches the front, and seated guests get little attention. Sunday night I went to the bar for a drink. I sat there for the longest time before someone working behind the counter finally came over and told me the bar was closed - at 10pm, in New Orleans. She said it with a tone of voice like I, a tourist, should have known that. You can get a drink later than that on a Sunday in Dallas. The TGI Friday's had plenty of staff, but no one seemed to be in charge.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Nice Hotel. Not very far from bourbon street. Jesse thanks a million for your outstanding service. Going above and beyond your job requirements to help out of towners!!! Thanks again.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mnjm
<Content>Perfect place to stay with kids GREAT PRICES, GOOD ACCOMODATIONS, EXCELLENT LOCATION - We stayed at this hotel for eight nights in late December 2004. We paid a very reasonable rate and were therefore expecting modest accomodations - they were better than anticipated. The lobby was welcoming and I felt the staff was courteous and helpful. We saw three different types of rooms since we had several family members traveling with us (we were there for a wedding). All rooms had been newly renovated. Our 2 double (queen?)bed room was larger than most we've stayed in in the past. Our view from the window was an adjoining hotel but this was not a priority for us since we have two young kids who like to have place to play. My dad's room which had a king bed was quite a bit smaller but had a fabulous view of the Mississippi (perfect for him) My in-laws' room had a sitting room which was separated from the king bed by a wall. This was great since we'd often reunite there. My first priority in finding a hotel had been an indoor pool and those were few and far between. We were happy with the pool even though it was not big. We also took advantage of the kids-eat free at the adjoining TGIF's several times. My husband and I are not big on seafood and cajun cooking so this was extremely useful to us. I should also mention the wait times were fairly short which pleased us since this was not the case with many other places. We felt the location to be excellent. It's in the French Quarter where we spent the vast majority of our time, very close to but not on Bourbon (no noise problems), right next to Canal Street where you can take a street car down to the waterfront or to City Park. It's also an easy walk to the waterfront. The only glitch was very slow elevators but who really cares? So, if you're lucky enough to be travelling to New Orleans and don't need the services of a 5 star hotel, try the Holiday Inn French Quarter - I doubt youll be disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cotton Exchange Hotel = one of the worst hotels ever ! My wife and I made the mistake of staying in the Cotton Exchange Hotel recently while in New Orleans. Never again ! Danger Will Robinson ! Leave this place OFF your list. Good news is that we eventually left.Bad news is too much to list here, but will attempt to hit the LOW lights:1.) Rude and surly staff who are ignorant of amenities until tipped.2.) Location of hotel was NOT as described. Rush hour arrival truly defined hell on earth. NO parking whatsoever. Doormen managed to disappear until money was (again) flashed. (Seems to be a recurring theme to this place.)3.) NOISY. Elevators creaked so badly that they shook the walls. Ice machines sounded like glaciers calving in the middle of the night.4.) FILTHY. Found all kind of dust bunnies...no, make that dust BEHEMOTHS under bed and poking around corners of furniture. Someone should tell staff to turn vacuums on as they flit them about the rooms.5.) This hotel connected to another hotel (think it was Holiday Inn Express). When we went to get coffee we were told in no uncertain terms that the coffee was for the OTHER hotels' guests ONLY. Our hotel had no coffee in the morning. Thankfully there is a very sweet lady running a restaurant about one half block down the street (toward Canal Street) where a decent breakfast can be had at a fair price. 6.) Big difference between the 'sell' via internet description and the actual'service' (or total LACK thereof in this case). 'nuff said. Caveat emporer...emporer inclined planed repeatedly by this hotel.7.) No managers seemed to exist to discuss discrepancies in billing.Bottom line: exchange this place for somewhere else. Dante never stayed here or he would have added another LOWER level of hell !  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Much Better Than Expected I recently booked a one night stay at the Cotton Exchange Hotel in New Orleans based upon price and location from the Orbitz website. The hotel is located a little over one block from the French Quarter. After booking via Orbitz I happened to peruse reviews of the hotel that had been posted on this advisor website. The reviews were either excellent, or horrible. Suffice it to say the reviews caused us some concern. I decided, however, to risk it and give the hotel a try. My experience was as follows: The Cotton Exchange Hotel is easy to find (we drove) and overall service was very good to excellent. The only drawback was valet parking. It is relatively expensive ($18 plus tax per night) and it takes awhile to recover your car when you depart. It took about 45 to retrieve our car, however the valet was pleasant and courteous. I made mention of existing poor reviews of the hotel to the lady (Khyra) who checked us in. I also asked about hidden charges that can hit re: telephone and safe optional charges. Those charges did not hit our bill, thanks to Khyra. The room was small and the bathroom was even smaller and not as clean as it could have been (my wife noticed footprints and smudges in the bathroom) although all was better than expected. The room was relatively spartan and there was no view (parking garage across the alley) but we did not book here for a potential view. Overall this hotel was a pleasant experience and responsiveness of the staff more than makes up for any negative aspects. For the price it was above average.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>YoostonTX
<Content>Ideal for New Orleans revelers Ideal for NO - when compared with some of the historic hotels (ie smelly, musty, ramshackle old buildings in the quarter) this hotel is a freaking palace! Only $100/night and right next to Bourbon st. It's clean and doesn't have a funny smell, which is a lot more than I can say for some of the older places I've stayed. I was really worried about it after reading some of these reviews, however I have since stayed there twice  had a very pleasant experience both times!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Tingeling
<Content>Disappointing Stayed here 3 nights in July. Room VERY small (knew they were small, but not that small). Pool a joke (please, we don't ask for much but this was more like an outdoor bathtub). Breakfastroom too small (most people couldn't get a chair), staff partly rude.Location is okay, but be aware of the tram that runs outside from early morning to late night. The good thing is that it's only two blocks from Bourbon street. Hotel okay, but will try to stay elsewhere next time...  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Elsewhere We stayed at the Cotton Exchange Hotel in New Orleans this past weekend. First, we were put in a smoking room, it wreaked, since the hotel was booked we could not move. The next day we were told there were no non smoking rooms available. The room was not clean by any standards. Just a few minutes wiping the corners and cleaning would help. The bedding did appear clean but the room needed deep cleaning. The hotel also charges a telecom fee of $ 5.00 per day and a safe fee of $ 3.00, even though I did not use their safe or phone. Also you need valet parking , an additional $19.00 a day. I have stayed in some pretty sad looking places that were much cleaner that this hotel. I understand New Orleans is a party town but Bourbon Street is cleaned better than this place. The night manager and night auditor at least tried to help.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very decent hotel Stayed 4 nights at the Holiday Inn Express French Quarter on a long weekend trip in November 2004. I was leery of many of the moderately priced (i.e., $200 per night) French Quarter hotels as there was so many bad reviews on this site. I booked late, bit the bullet and paid the rack rate, and hoped for the best.This hotel surpassed my expectations for a moderately priced hotel so near the French Quarter. The location can鈥檛 be beat, as you are 2 blocks from Canal and Bourbon Streets. The building seems newly refurbished, the staff was very friendly and helpful, and the hotel rooms and common areas were very clean. I can鈥檛 imagine how hard the housekeeping staff has to work to keep the property looking so nice (given that we saw no less than 6 very drunk guests spilling their drinks all over the lobby during our stay, one can only imagine what people do in the rooms!). The beds were nicely firm and the room appeared clean. The room and bathroom were small, but it was really plenty of space to sleep, shower, and change clothes. The air conditioning was a bit unpredictable/unusual, but with a little patience, the room did get to a comfortable temperature within 30 minutes or so.It seems like others (non-procrastinators) were able to get rates for $100 at the Holiday Inn Express French Quarter. I would certainly jump on that deal at this hotel if I were to go back to New Orleans.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So So I have stayed at the Cotton Exchange/Holiday Inn Express twice in the past couple of months. The first stay was fine, the room (#302) was large and quiet, staff were friendly and helpful. The second stay was not as great. Our room (#505) was very noisy--lots of street noise and an air conditioner that made an audible boom every time it turned off. It woke me up all night long. At least the soda machines were well stocked on both visits!!!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay Great Price I stayed at the Cotton Exchange last Halloween. The hotel was great and the fridge came in handy! The pool is kind of small, but that wasn't why I went to New Orleans anyway. I would recommend.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rob_Alabama
<Content>Never again My girlfriend and I recently stayed at the Cotton Exchange Hotel in New Orleans. We weren鈥檛 disappointed in the location, which was quite good or the room, which was nice, but we were disappointed in the hotel itself and the way its guests are nickled-and-dimed to death. We booked the Cotton Exchange on a travel web site based on its location and customer reviews, but nowhere was it mentioned that the only parking available at the hotel was valet parking at $17.95 per night or that you are charged $4.95 for a safe and $2.95 for Internet access, whether or not you use them. Our room had an excellent view of the hotel across the street, and that鈥檚 probably where we鈥檒l stay if we ever go to New Orleans again. BTW, the parking fee applies to the Holiday Inn Express next door, too -- they seem to share some so-called 鈥渁menities鈥?and personnel.I nearly forgot to mention the noise! I鈥檝e never stayed in a hotel that was this noisy before. I could hear banging and jumping and kids stomping and yelling through the halls at all hours, and I could even hear normal conversations from down the hall. I will never, ever stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good stay, parking a little hectic... Good clean hotel overall, perfect walking distance especially when u are severely staggering...staff is pleasant...it's kind of hard to get your car but that's expected. If you do stay here, you have to visit the bar Hobbnobbers right up the street ( on the way to Bourbon) , go in and drink if you want to drink with the locals....paul,lorie,jeff,ty  charles are the crew. Jeff was the bartender, if you are a drinker, he cant handle his liquor. this is the perfect place to get warmed up .  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not use for conference bookings I did not stay at the hotel, so I have no comment on the facilities. However, in dealing with the staff over the phone regarding a reservation cancellation, and their system of handling this process for large convention, I was extremely disappointed. Any decent hotel should have someone available 24hrs to accept a cancellation, and be able to provide a cancellation number to confirm it. This hotel does not for large conventions. All calls go to a voice mail system, in which messages can get deleted and missed, and the customer ends up getting charged the full stay. After much discussion with the management, I was only given an option to get credit for half of the amount charged if anyone from our company goes back to New Orleans... which is unlikely to happen.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BusyMe
<Content>Clean, convenient, but HOT. We stayed one night. The clerk at the front desk first told us the beds were queen size. All are actually just full-sized. We requested a room change for more space and changed to a room with about 20 more square feet. All rooms are clean and small, pretty, but unremarkable. Very good location to French Quarter and decent continental breakfast. Twenty dollar parking. All okay but the temperature. There is a digital thermostat with a hotel notice above it about energy conservation. It says to set the thermostat to desired temperature and it will adjust, but it does not. Atfer setting the temp and going to bed at 10pm, we awoke hot every 30 minutes to see the digital temp on the thermostat reading 75 or more degrees. At 2:30 AM we called the front desk and they came and reprogrammed the thermostat. We finally got some rest. My only complaint is that they mislead you to thinking you can set the temp to lower, and that they are interested in saving the world's energy, when actually they are just trying to save money in hopes you will fall asleep without noticing you are sleeping in a heat wave.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cotton Exchange, the worst you can find in this world Cotton exchange hotel is the worst hotel I have even seen! I reserved a room and deposited $250 for Digestive Disease Week for May 17-20, I was surprised to find out the hotel did not have a room for me when I arrived. The manager there gave me a piece of paper, saying they would refund to DDW. Even more astonishing, they try to keep my deposit! DDW officier asked me to fax the note for asking my money back!!!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incompetent, Nonchalant Reservations Department I am very disappointed in the lack of customer service displayed by the reservations department. I have never tried to do business with a hotel that has treated me so badly over the telephone. Not only were they incompetent and uncaring but they were trying to scam me!I made the reservation on-line in April to visit New Orleans in July. I called and verified that my reservation was in the system and requested 2 double beds. I was told that I would have to pay an additional $20 per night and I agreed. The lady told me that everything was taken care of. I believed her. As the time got closer, I called in June to make certain that everything would be in order for myself and my travelling partners. I found out that the reservationist never put the request into the system. She reserved a queen-size bed for 3 women. When I asked what my rate was, I was told by the reservationist that she could not tell me that. The front desk would tell me when I arrived. I thought that was strange. So I asked the reservationist to give me the number to the front desk -- I was given a fax number. Finally, I called the following day to cancel the reservation. I did not think that I would enjoy staying at a hotel where the staff was unfriendly and nonchalant. The reservationist told me that I could not cancel my reservation unless I agreed to pay a one-night room charge. I explained that I was within my 72 hour time frame. She told me that because my stay was over a holiday weekend, I was supposed to have given them a one-month notice. I asked to speak with a manager because this was never explained to me nor is it on any documentation that I have from the facility. Not only was the reservations department incompetent in getting my reservation in order, but they were trying to scam me! I am glad that I found this out before my arrival time. I'm sure that this experience would have ruined my visit to New Orleans. The manager has not called me back to resolve the issue. I will never stay at this hotel nor will I recommend anyone else to.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what is advertised! The Holiday Inn Express on Royal Street is a joke! We made reservations a YEAR inadvance and still our rooms wasn't ready! The elevator system are TERRIBLE! They are the slowest I'm ever seen. The rooms smelled, the Friday's restaurant downstairs in the hotel smelled, the service was poor. The only good thing about this place is the location!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel Great hotel. Perfect location, felt very safe. Hotel was clean, well kept. And the staff was excellant. $87 a night, for 4 nights.   
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gilli
<Content>great location and value for money recently stayed here for 3 nights paying $107 + tax, seemed expensive but was the nearest to the French Quarter for the price,However pleasantly surprised by the decor, service and large varied complimentary breakfast.Would both recommend to others and would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just got back from a 3 day stay at this hotel I must comment on this hotel----the location is excellent---walking distance to burbon street--can't find anything closer unless you stay on burbon itself. I stayed last year at the hotel next door which is its sister. Holiday Inn Express and they are the same hotel with different entrances. The staff was polite and helpful and I must say the clerk took the time to give us a room with a view and also a larger bed than was booked online. The room was new---very clean----more roomy than the Holiday Inn express---no plumbing problems but last year I had problems and had to borrow the plunger for that room at the Express. The only thing you must pay attention to is the room charges----we didn't use the phone for any reason but they still charge you 5.95 a night---I guess for the phone and tv----we didn't watch anything except the free tv ---also 2.95 a night for the mandatory safe-----so use the safe!!---we didn't ---read the notice when you check in----valet parking was organized well. All in All ---a good experience at this Hotel........  
<Date>Apr 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DFGA
<Content>Nawlins, can't complain!! This was a business trip, and I had no choice but to stay here and it was my first trip to Nawlins. The location is awesome and you can walk a couple blocks to bourbon street. It is about a 10 minute walk to Harrah's and some awesome shops. The rooms are small, but the service was pretty good. They helped us with our luggage and our business meeting area was large and spacious. I mean this place wasn't awesome or anything, but it is all you need if you are making a trip to Nawlins.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reservation? What is that? I just got home from what was suppose to be a fun bachelorette party for my friend! I booked 3 rooms at the Cotton Exchange Hotel(or so I thought) a month ago. Three days before arrival I decided to call and confirm the reservation, good thing I did. They only had me booked for 2 rooms. I cleared this up. Then, on the day of arrival I called again just to make sure. Again only 2 rooms! I talked with the manager and she assured me that I had 3 rooms each with 2 double beds. Yeh right! We got there at 10:45 pm and we had 1 room with 1 double bed! I was outraged! I had 12 girls coming down to new orleans for the weekend and not anywhere to put them! As I stood in the lobby of the holiday inn express, because apparently there really isn't any such hotel as the Cotton Exchange, I was not the only person having problems. Fifteen people stood yelling and argueing with the manager because this obviously happens to everyone! There was even a couple with 2 small children and had no bed to put them in! I'm not even sure the hotel has any rooms with 2 double beds. But they give out air mattresses!!!! readily available! But, there is not any room on the floor in their tiny little rooms to even put this! What kind of hotel gives out air mattresses! This supposed 3 star hotel is the most poorly managed place I have ever been to. I come to new orleans often and have never been treated so horribly. They do not honor reservations and they don't care that you have no where to sleep! I was told by the manager that when you make your reservation you are strictly reserving a room, not a certain bed! So then what's the point in making a reservation for a room with two double beds. Why not just put on their website...reserve 4 walls! That's pretty much all your guaranteed and from what I've read here, sometimes not even that! I ended up making reservations at the La Quinta hotel 2 blocks away, and it was wonderful! So be advised! The Cotton Exchange Hotel/Holiday Inn Express may have a great location but after a long night out in the quarter it provides no where to sleep! Do Not Reserve walls here!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This hotel is a nightmare come true This hotel is a veritable nightmare for the following reasons: ?hotel lobby is the size of a cubicle ?hotel staff is complacent ?rooms have pillars in the middle of the room with slanting floors and windows that look out onto the side of another wall no more than 5 feet away ?elevators that groan as they move up and down ?a pool that makes the bayous of Louisiana look like the Neptune Pool at the Hearst Castle ?No value for the money at $149 a night you know that you are getting ripped off ?no services besides a coke and ice machine ?valet parking that is a rip off at $18 per night ?one bar of soap is allocated for your entire stay (whatever you do, do not leave your bar of unfinished soap on the counter - it will not be replaced with a new bar ?rip off charges for services that you do not ask for and do not use. Isn't it nice that they make these available to their guests and charge them when they are not used. For example, $5 for phone charges, $3 for safe fee. These people are crooks who take every opportunity to lift money from you at every turn possibleSTAY AWAY FROM THIS NO VALUE MONEY PIT! Don't do like I did and drop $800 for 4 nights of agony. CAVEAT EMPTOR!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dallastar02
<Content>Great for the money! This hotel is your typical Holiday Inn Express. Great for the money. The location is great too. Close enough to the Quarter (1.5 blocks from Canal) and far enough for a good nights sleep. We had a queen room and it was small but very cozy. Great for sleeping and showering. Room and hotel were clean and the hotel people were very nice. Continental Breakfast was great. Lots to chose from and all fresh. Muffins, bagels, donuts, fruit, juices, milk and coffee. Nothing bad to say about the place. Especially for under $100 a night on a weekend. We will stay here again for sure next time.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience I stayed at the Cotton Exchange for a couple nights and I had the aboslute best experience. The front desk employees were corteous and helpful. The location was awesome!! Blocks away from Bourbon Street and many local shops and attractions. I recommend this Hotel to anyone!!!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>F0gm0nger
<Content>Worst Hotel I've Ever Stayed At We just completed a 4-day trip to New Orleans involving 3 nights at the Cotton Exchange Hotel. The location was great, and the hotel initially appeared to be nice. However, we discovered one problem after another for the rest of the trip.Before reading these, please keep in mind that I am not a picky person. I usually stay in Motel 6, and I have always been satisfied with them! (Unfortunately, they don't have a Motel 6 anywhere near downtown N.O.).The facts below are even more appalling when you consider that it's supposed to be a 3-star hotel. I have stayed at other 3-star hotels in cities such as San Francisco, Las Vegas, and others, and I have always been more than happy with that level of service.Here goes:- shower dripped water SLOWLY and ran between warm and cold (never hot). We had to resort to taking baths for the entire visit. Maintenance technician visited and informed us that we would need to speak with his supervisor who was only there during the day shift. Why is this OUR responsibility? We were there to have fun, not to hang around the room and schedule appointments with various maintenance people.- coffee pot had old coffee in it from the previous guest and they did not clean it - even after we asked at the front desk! The team lead at the desk said the housekeepers won't listen to me, you should leave them a NOTE. Unbelievable. If they don't clean the coffee pot, even BETWEEN guests, what are the chances that they change the sheets?-housekeepers would take away the towels and not leave new ones and did not supply toilet paper unless we called and asked.-only two elevators for an 8-story hotel and one did not work during the whole visit -- result: long waits at the elevator.-soda machines were out of stock on ALL floors, the whole time we were there. Since there was no shop or restaurant downstairs, this meant having to leave the hotel whenever we wanted something to drink. Sure, an empty soda machine is not such a big deal, but why would ALL of the machines be empty EVERY day?-at checkout, the clerk tried to charge us $21 for incidental charges for wall safe and phone access, even though we never used either. We booked through a vacation package service (Expedia) and at check-in, the evening clerk specifically crossed out these charges. After an unpleasant argument, they agreed to drop the charges.Although most of these are fairly minor problems, they constitute a level of annoyance that I believe is unacceptable in a 3-star hotel. Even more unacceptable was the attitude of the front desk reps and team leads -- they seemed to expect us to figure out our own problems, and refused to lift a finger on our behalf (see the leave a note for the maid incident, above).I also noticed other guests having unpleasant arguments with the front desk, which leads me to believe that we were not the only ones treated badly. It is clear to me that this hotel has serious shortcomings at the employee and management level.Although we enjoyed our trip to New Orleans overall, this hotel certainly detracted from the overall experience.I would recommend that future visitors to New Orleans stay away from this place.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small room, decent price A decent priced hotel (only $75 a night) for a weekday stay. It was clean and your typical Holiday Inn Express, with a free continental breakfast. Happy to get the NY Times instead of the standard USA Today for a reminder of home. Overall, no complaints, but nothing too spectacular. Location is the biggest plus, close to Canal and the French Quarter and a short streetcar ride from the Garden District. A good alternative to expensive hotels for conferences on Canal Street.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable Hotel with Good Location We stayed at the Cotton Exchange in May 2003 and found it to our liking. Location was excellent being around 150 metres from the French Quarter. The rooms were clean and comfortable. we found the staff helpful although it did get confusing at times as the hotel operates with 2 names and images (Cotton Exchange boutique hotel and Holiday Inn Express) Overall we were happy with it  
<Date>Dec 27, 2003
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel Stayed here from Dec 8-11, 2003, my first time in new orleans. Had a great time. Hotel was very clean, furnitures were nice and new, not cheap looking at all. Bathroom was nice and new too, not dirty or mildewy. Room had 2 tall windows with floor to ceiling long drapes. You cannot tell it's a budget hotel at all. Hotel was in an old building, but nothing inside felt old. Location excellent, 2 blocks to french quarter. The street the hotel is on becomes burbon street. It's very safe walking around.Breakfast was good, very handy. This is the 3rd holiday inn express I have stayed at, have been extremely happy everytime. All the holiday inn express I've stayed at is newer/cleaner and better than the holiday inns I have stayed at.All for an incredible $45/night.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location great vacation my husband and i stayed here for 3 nights the weekend of halloween. we felt it was a great location and a good value. the rooms were small with no view..but i would rather be in the action than in the hotel room anyways. i found it was very clean and the complimentary breakfast was great to grab and take up to the room as we were getting ready to hit the town. i would definately stay here again. bourbon and the french quarter are just 2 blocks away.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated this place!!!!!! Well, I thought that I was getting a good deal, until I got there. This was my honeymoon trip, so I called several times to make sure that my room was reserved properly. And to my satisfaction, the people on the phone said everything was OK. One thing that you must know, is that if you call the hotel about your reservation, they transfer you to a reservation service that handles several hotels.Now, off to my stay. My wife and I arrived on Halloween 2003 to a very nice hotel... at least the building looks nice. Although, it would be nice to know that the Holiday Inn next door is in charge. Everytime I talked to someone, they were in a Holiday Inn Express shirt. When arriving into my room, the first thing that we noticed is that you had a swaying sensation... you felt as if the building was moving. Second, there was what looked to be a water stain on the carpet right in front of the bathroom. There were also several stains that were clearly visible (they were red) on the wall next to the bed. All this and I didnt care, it was my honeymoon.....Until of course the next day. We went out for a day on the town and decided to put some valueables in the safe (which they charge you $2.95/day... even if you dont use it) and when we came home, the safe was wide open. I called the front desk and they told me that someone would not be available until the next day after 9am... nobody showed.And finally.... When we checked out and had the car brought from the valet garage... IT WAS FILTHY!!!! There was some construction going on with the parking garage and they had one of those garbage chutes that went from the roof to the ground... my car was parked on the 5th floor right next to the chute. So when I got my car, there was a solid 1/4 inch of dust on the roof and other parts of the vehicle. So I talked to the people at the front desk that talked to the valet guy. He blamed the construction, not like he could have parked the car somewhere else. I saw a pretty nich BMW that was well away from the garbage. With no help from these people I just decided to leave. And I have pictures of my car when they pulled it up.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Pleased with this hotel! We were very pleased with our choice to stay at the Holiday Inn Express. This is an especially good choice for those of you who are visiting New Orleans and your main destination is Bourbon Street. The accomidations are clean and the staff is very friendly, there is no room service or restaurant in the hotel but its location to the French Quarter is fantastic only a few minutes walk to cross over Canal street and then you are on Bourbon. Its located on the trolly line as well so we never took a cab when we ventured to other spots in the French Quarter. Last year we saved a few pennies and stayed further away from the french quarter and spent a small fortune on cabs and this was definately a much better alternative. We will stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gsxrter1994
<Content>Great hotel Great location!!!!! Well after some of the reveiws i was worried about the cotton exchange however i only thing that was ture about the others reviews was the soda machines where out of cokes. The staff was very nice and helpful I would stay at the cotton exchange the next time i go to new orleans  
<Date>Oct 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't waste your time - or money Very unhappy with the overall service. We stayed August 28th - Sept 2. The rooms were not cleaned daily, only towels were replaced. Garbages were not emptied daily, and room was not vaccuumed even once during entire stay. Very disappointed with this Holiday Inn Express. We chose the Holiday Inn because of the name - expecting great service and facilities and we were greatly dissapointed. Rooms are much smaller than they appear in the pictures. Also we and the other couple who was visiting New Orleans with us both had strange smells in our rooms upon arrival, and lasted throughout whole stay. However we loved NOLA!! Next time we will NOT stay here.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid This Hotel Like The Plague! I arrived in March for my annual spring jaunt to New Orleans after deciding to give this little hotel a chance. (WHY did I forsake Priceline?) The price and location seemed right.....that's how horror movies begin isn't it? I was greeted by friendly staff in a small and barely adequate lobby which was nicely painted with impressionist images. I had requested and supposedly confirmed a KING BED room on THEIR website and after being asked I told them my preference was a street view away from the elevator. After having to get my key card coded TWICE ( I had fifty pounds of luggage in my arms mind you! ) I finally gained entry to my dungeon room with NO VIEW AND IT WAS NEXT TO THE ELEVATOR WALL! I shouldn't say the room had NO VIEW, I could see into the room ten feet across the alley and they could see me too. Why did they even ask about my preference? The hotel was fairly deserted so I don't understand being given the slum room. The first thing I was greeted with in my room was two blown light bulbs and a fingernail clipping on the nightstand whose origin was never fully determined and a FULL BED. I complained and still did not get another room. I also had no alarm clock as was promised on the website. I called the front desk and the clerk promptly DID NOT send one up. The plumbing is woefully inadequate and is subject to backing up on you with no apparent reason if you get my drift. The water pressure is non-existent at peak bathing times. You know, the morning, when EVERYBODY takes a shower! There is NO STAFF at night so don't expect anyone to be at the desk asking why a street person is trying to go upstairs. GUARD YOUR VALUABLES is my warning to you. I didn't lose anything but it could easily happen. They want you to use the Holiday Inn staff next door if you have problems at night. The swimming pool is a shoebox with water in it. Cold and dirty the last time I saw it. It's really a wading pool for toddlers if you ask me. The vending machines ON EVERY FLOOR had NO SODAS in them during my entire stay. The staff assured me that they would be filled on the second day of my stay. I left after four days and they were STILL EMPTY. I had to go to the camera store several doors down at the edge of a bad area to get canned sodas for two dollars each. But there was plenty of ice! The only thing the staff was quick to act on was the backed up toilet so HOORAY for them! They kept some piss off the poorly laid tile floor! I should know about tile, I used to professionally set tile floors. Oh yeah, another thing about the floors in this entire hotel is that they are slanted like a theme park funhouse. You could place a ball on the floor and it would roll away from you at amazing speed. There is something to be said about demolishing old buildings when their time is up if you will not spend the money to fix their problems correctly. The only thing I can say that was good was that they did not charge me more than they said they would. Oh, don't expect to use the ATM, it was usually empty. After spending four nights with an elevator going up and down behind my wall in a hotel you can hardly find I would NOT recommend staying here. The staff was nice (when present) but that doesn't cut the mustard when nothing gets fixed. AVOID THIS HOTEL AT ALL COSTS!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rooms Excellent But Reservation Policies Need Work I booked a room at this hotel at least 10 weeks before our departure based on reviews here and on other sites. Rates were excellent and I booked through the hotel's website (not through the corporate Holiday Inn site). I called to confirm my reservation twice. The first time was about 10 days after I made the reservation as reservations are faxed to the hotel and then someone inputs the info into the system. The second time was about 4 days before our trip. No problems.Unfortunately, our plane was seriously delayed and we ended up getting to the hotel about 4 hours after check-in. Our reservation could not be found in the system. Apparently, there had been a problem with my credit card and they had automatically cancelled our room instead of calling to check with me (the problem was something very simple that could have been corrected in a matter of seconds). The hotel's website did not require me to pay a deposit but only give them a card number to guarantee my room. When I arrived and asked why my room had been cancelled, I was told that the hotel puts through a $10 charge on the card to ensure that the number is good. When my number came back as incorrect our room was automatically cancelled without the hotel notifying us. I knew that the hotel was totally booked for that evening and was worried that something like this was going to happen, particularly with all of the problems reported by people staying at the Cotton Exchange. I know that I should have called the hotel earlier in the day to let them know that we would be arriving later than check-in, but was actually afraid that there would be a problem with over booking and was hoping that if we showed up that they might not be able to turn us away as easily as by phone.In the end we were given a room because I had my reservation paperwork, but when we got to the hotel they only had two rooms left - and reservations for seven more rooms to fill. I feel that if we had been delayed another hour we would have been left without accommodations on a busy Saturday night. Obviously, I was never contacted about the problem with my credit card as they had already overbooked the hotel.The room given to us was a queen, smoking (I had booked a king, non-smoking) and we were told that we could change the next day. As it turned out, the room was fine and we did not bother changing. Despite being a smoking room, the only indication that anyone had ever smoked in it was the presence of an ashtray in the bedside table.The room was small, but well taken care of and very clean and I thought that the bathroom was larger than necessary (for the size of the bedroom). As part of the hotel's conservation policy, sheets are routinely changed on Wednesday and Sunday (and after a guest checks out) if that sort of thing is important to you, which it isn't to me. The breakfast was okay, but was missing the world's best cinnamon buns that the company has been heavily promoting. The breakfast room is small and on a busy morning it may be difficult to find someplace to sit. The pool is tiny and unheated. Personally I found it too cold to swim (more like soak) and used it once. I also thought that the hotel was in a good location  close to the French Quarter and right on the St. Charles streetcar line.Overall, I felt that the hotel was fine for what we paid and I would stay here again *if* I could guarantee that when I showed up my reservation would be honored.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible I stayed at this hotel in April, and it was terrible. When we arrived after traveling all day they did not have a room ready. I had to stand in their tiny lobby for about 30 minutes to get someone to tell me that the room would probably be ready about an hour and a half past check in time. We had several issues with the front desk, every single thing we talked to them about they just lied and said they would take care of it and did nothing. We used a atm/credit card to pay for the trip, they accidentally put a hold on the full price of the hotel which was already paid for. This was most of our spending money. Upon confronting them about this every single person said they would contact the manager and they would take care of it. We even got the owner's personal phone number from the bar owner next door. When we finally talked to the manager a day and a half later she claimed to have never heard about it. They did absolutley nothing to take care of what they did and flat out did not care. Upon leaving the hotel they informed us they wanted $40.00 for a phone and safe that we never used. I assumed if you don't use it you don't pay for it. They absolutley refused to wave this charge even after stealing $1,000 dollars from us for the entire duration of our trip. I would never stay at this hotel again. The rooms were ok, but all of the people in charge at this place are completely incompetant and only concerned about getting as much money from you as possible. They ruined our trip to New Orleans.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Holiday Inn Express is the best! My stay at the Holiday Inn Express was fabulous! The staff was very accomodating. There was a great variety in the Continental Breakfast. The location was perfect for my short time in New Orleans. And Tiffany in the Sales Department was a tremendous help. She helped in coordinating a fabulous night on the town. I would reccomend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Didnt want to honor price We picked up a brochure from the La tourism station at the state line which had a price of 34.95 WITH free parking,why post a price you dont want to honor? Got to the hotel- We are out of those rooms but do have some for 52+17(parking)+3(safe)+3.50(phone).Went outside, called with my cell and made reservations from number on brochure at stated price except for the parking,went back inside and told the huffy trainee to go check her fax. When checking out they still tried to give me a bill on 1 of the rooms for 139, maybe this was an error they will fix(manager said he would take care of it), will post if they dont. The pool was the size of a big bathtub, but the rooms were very clean.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very happy Great Great staff I was so pleased with my stay over the fourth weekend I will be booking for next year asap to make sure i get a room  
<Date>Jul 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Holiday Inn French Quarter This hotel is in a very good location for all. Staff is friendly and very quick to help you with anything you may need. A few problems though. My room had an oder to it not quite sure what it was. The hotel tried to spray some freshner on the carpets but it never helped. Also when staff would come to the room to do somthing they would knock once and then just walk in. So your best bet is to put top safety lock on. Other than that I would recommed this hotel to anyone. For a good price and good location and parking.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bill190
<Content>not bad, like the location Not really a bad hotel overall. Some of the people travelling with us had their reservations get misplaced in the hotel's system, but everything turned out ok when we got there. Some of the rooms are really nice, and they provide a free continental breakfast downstairs -- although in a town like New Orleans, there's far better places to have breakfast than your hotel.Location of this place is pretty good - you come out of the hotel, turn left, and a block later, you're entering bourbon st. and the heart of the French Quarter. The motherclucker's chicken place across the street from the hotel was good, a trolley car goes by outside, and and it's near many other nearby attractions. Turning right from the hotel, there's a decent Thai place in the neighborhood, along with a famous restaurant called Mother's that had way too long of a line at that point. One of the first bars you'll come to walking from the hotel on Bourbon St. is the 1804 Absinthe House, which was one of my favorites. I found the valet parking kind of a drawback. If I forgot something in my car, I wasn't allowed to just run up and grab it, I had to have a guy drive my car down for me. I'd rather that there was just a guarded parking garage instead of having to call for your car everytime you need to go somewhere. The swimming pool was refreshing on a ninety degree night, but it was comically small, probably because it's up on the sixth floor. It has to be like 15 feet by 6 or 7 feet, three feet deep all around. Not bad overall though, nice enough people and a good location.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2003
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This hotel does not honor reservations. The Cotton Exchange does not honor its reservations. After I had booked a room at the Cottton Exchange I fould this web-site and read the reviews. Reading that so many people had arrived and been told their reservations were cancelled made me decide to call and confirm my reservation(twice). When I called I gave them my confirmation number and was told that yes I had a room that was already paid for so there was no chance that it would be cancelled. Not so! When I arrived I was told it was cancelled and they would put me up in the Holiday Inn next door. I assured him that I hadn't cancelled the reservation and that I had called twice and been told both times that I had a reservation. I had to talk to the manager and I was given a room with a queen bed instead of the room I had reserved with two double beds. I had booked five hotels through the same service, this is the only hotel that did not honor its reservations. Wisconsin Vacationer  
<Date>Jul 4, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't waste your time! Budget hotel - you're kidding!?! This hotel was 2-3 times more expensive than other hotels with a much better location and better amenities. Please do not advertise that it is budget! It was the most expensive hotel that I checked! More expensive than the Omni (Royal Orleans) for the dates that I checked.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Stay Here They did not have our reservations AND they were having computer problems, so the wait was horrendous. Additionally, I had a bad experience with one of their clerks. When I complained to the manager, I received the dismissive reply, Oh, she's new here.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Online reservations-bad, hotel-good Warning: If you make online reservations, call within that week to make sure the hotel got your reservations. I made reservations at the end of Feb. for a week in late May and when I called the hotel the week before we were to arrive they had never heard of me. Thankfully if I didn't come across this website I wouldn't have known about the trouble of making online reservations. I even made the reservations through their own website! After calling for two days straight, getting transfered back and forth between at least 10 different people I finally got my reservations in. I wrote down everybody's name I talked to and I told them, I am going to call you back every hour on the hour until this is fixed. That is exactly what I did. I think they finally got tired of hearing from me so they finally fixed everything. Personally, you should have to go through all that just to get some place to stay for three nights.Other than that the hotel had excellent service when I got there. Very nice rooms. I asked to get an 8th story room with a view and that is what I got. The gentlemen at the front desk was very nice to me when I got there. The location is great. Two block from the French Quarter, one block from a streetcar stop, in the CBD, a few block from the Riverwalk and Warehouse District. I would stay there again but I would make all my reservations by phone but quoting online prices.  
<Date>May 28, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good choice We stayed here for 4-nights in May 2003, after consulting tripadvisor.com, and we were not disappointed. Close to everything Downtown - Bourbon Street is about 300 metres away. Streetcar stops virtually outside. We encountered no problems at all from a safety viewpoint. Nice, very clean, room and the complimentary continental breakfast was excellent. Overall value for money was superb, but be aware that the rate nearly doubles for Friday and Saturday night stays. We did have an issue with them allocating us a smoking room/floor despite having booked non-smoking with the Six Continents website, but this was quickly sorted as soon as we pointed it out. They also have a very few rooms which, although decorated to the same high standards, have no external-facing windows. If, like us, you don't fancy being deprived of daylight, I suggest that you specify a requirement for a room with a window when you book. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BAD SITUATION HANDLED WONDERFULLY We made reservations at the last minute for a weekend trip to New Orleans. The Cotton Exchange was the only hotel still offering internet specials. When we arrived, there was an unexpected maintenance problem with some of the rooms. However, before we were even informed, the management of the hotel had found us other accomodations that worked out wonderfully. We actually stayed in a hotel even closer to the French Quarters at our reserved room rate which was obviously below the standard price for those rooms. So our experience ended up being a wonderful experience. I applaud the management/staff of the Cotton Exchange for handling this bad situation with such prompt attention and making our weekend adventure enjoyable instead of a possible disaster.Thanks!  
<Date>May 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Happy Great hotel for the $$ - perfect location, felt safe walking everywhere, rooms were small but tastefully decorated and had all amenities you need. Very satisfied - will stay again - can't beat the price for the location!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you reserve via Internet Beware If only I had found this site before I made my reservation at the Cotton Exchange! But at least I was forewarned and called ahead to make sure my room was available. They had never heard of me! I found out from speaking to one of the employees that internet reservations are received via FAX and put in the hotel's system whenever someone has time, as they don't have a reservationist on staff. Yes, I did get the room, but it took several telephone calls and a lot of anxiety on my part.The room was okay. So much for the large windows that let in light -- our window faced a warehouse building and the parking garage. We had to chase down a coffee pot, go to the front desk for cups and dress for a night on the town without a full length mirror. None of the vending machines (and I tried every floor!) worked.On the plus side, every staff member we were in contact with was polite and helpful. It seems they work especially hard to make up for the mismanagement.My next visit to New Orleans will NOT inclulde the Cotton Exchange.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mtn76
<Content>For sleeping only   showReview(927846, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Arrive early or sleep in your car!   showReview(927828, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New Orleans, thumbs up, Cotton exchange, thumbs down   showReview(922641, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Holiday Inn Express--221 Carondelet St.   showReview(922026, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seasonedtravellerUsa
<Content>Great price, good location, decent new hotel   showReview(910221, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2003
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hol.Inn Xpress/Cotton Exchange Hotel---WARNING   showReview(857300, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bacrd
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised!   showReview(841430, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>kennythekay
<Content>Not Great, Not Terrible   showReview(813349, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Crankee
<Content>Holiday Inn Cotton Exchange   showReview(741763, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overbooking Warning   showReview(718178, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

