<Author>jan047
<Content>lovely Just got back from staying 8 nights at the Maestri. We stayed in the 1 bedrm aprt and was really pleased with it. It was very spacious, clean and had everything you need. There wasn't much of a view though.There was a small indoor pool and a gym on the bround floor. It is a 5min walk to Darling Habour and a 15-20 min walk to Circular Quay.Thought the apartments were good value too.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>MJCSydney
<Content>Extremely disappointed!! My family booked 4 multi-bedroom suites at this hotel for 14 people for the week preceding and including Christmas 2008, as did several friends who booked for the weekend of the 20th/21st. My father paid over $7,000 for the family's accommodation for the week specifically requesting adjacent suites so that the family could spend time together - as we had come from various Australian States to enjoy a family member's 50th birthday celebration and Christmas together.The suites allocated were not only on different floors but in separate buildings! Some of the family, including my elderly parents were allocated suites in the older apartment building which was in a separate tower to the main hotel. To get access to this building required either climbing stairs from the main entrance or using a separate level entrance from a different street frontage. My elderly parents had made it clear to Oaks Maestri that they could not climb stairs due to both a heart condition and knee replacements. Their frequent requests for a move to the main hotel building fell on deaf ears at reception. To visit other family members staying in the main hotel required my parents to catch a lift down to the basement carpark, walk through the carpark and then up the lift in the hotel building.The suites in the apartment building had obviously not been updated for many years and were not maintained daily. We had to complain to reception staff for several days for the rooms in the apartment building to be vacuumed. These rooms were very dusty and mouldy and brought on asthma attacks for some family members. The receptioin staff could not have been more indifferent to our concerns with one staff member stating that we had no right to expect a move to rooms in the hotel building. There wasn't even sufficient lounge seating in the apartment for my parents and aunt to be seated at the same time. Eventually a maintenance worker took pity and brought in an extra couch from another apartment - over half way through the stay.The spa pool on the ground floor of the hotel was empty for the entire duration of the stay. Staff continually advised that it was undergoing maintenance and would be ready tomorrow. Guess what - it never happened.My parents had stayed in this hotel on two previous occasions without any problems, but this stay has turned all of us off from ever staying at the Oaks Maestri again. We certainly will not recommend anyone we know to book this hotel. The accommodation at the Oaks Maestri was the only sour note on an otherwise fantastic week of fun with family and friends.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>CalverleyRhino
<Content>Great Stay We had a really pleasant 6 day stay over New Year.The one bedroom appartment was ideal for the two of us to space out. Good location for Darling Harbour, Town Hall underground station and the QVB shopping cent.The apartments were well equipped but looked a little tired and could do with some new furniture, but that was not really a concern.The swimming pool is very cold and the spa was out of use so that was a bit of a let down.The hotel is on a busy junction so I would recommend a high floor request.If you have a head for heights try the bridge climb. From experience I think the night climb was better than the day climb - its awsome. booking essential.All in all an ideal base to explore fantastic Sydney.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>gadgesxi
<Content>Clean, nice, and roomy apartments Very nice apartments with excellent bathrooms and a powerful shower. Room is very big. Nice thick carpet. You get dishwasher, microwave, fridge freezer, all ironing and washing machines.Plenty of room for clothes. We came from UK and stayed here for a week then the 5 star Shangri-la for a week. The shangri-la isnt much better!!!So the towers is great value. Never used the pool and sauna was out of use.Only downside was the room view, looking straight into another appartment block.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>wildflowerb
<Content>GOOD LOCATION- take your eye covers THis is really a great property with excellent facilities.We stayed in the Kent Street Tower in a 2 bed apartment.There was an ensuite bathroom to the 2nd bedroom ( 2 singles).This was small but functional.And there was also a main bathroom for the apt as well- this one had a tub in it as well as a shower.There was a BIR in the second bedroom.Good kitchen facilities and laundry facilities in the apt.There was a DVD player and a balcony.Downstairs at the cafe on Kent St there is free Wifi if you buy coffees etc.The hotel does have internet facilities at a charge.Excellent location- 2 blocks downhill from the Town Hall train station so you can come in from the airport and walk down with your wheely case.Also about a 5 minute walk to Darling Harbour..My only complaint and also of my friend is the blinds.They have no block-out ability so once the sun is up, so are you.I am not sure if this is in every apartment but it was definitely an issue after we had been on the razz the night before and wanted a bit of a sleep in!! I kid you not, the existing blinds may as well not be there...I thought there would be another blind or something to block out the light..... so take your eye covers from the plane if you want a bit of darkness!Otherwise--- this is a fabulous property and good value.I would only recommend this based on location and as I am an agent, I would be looking at other properties in the area.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PLL-England
<Content>Good budget accomodation Stayed here two nights upon arrival from England. I thought that this was very good value for money accommodation. I would stay here again and would recommend it.This hotel apartment is quite good. The apartment was large and clean, with a King Bed. Our view not too bad, overlooking Sussex Street and had a balcony.We arrived early and were allowed to drop our luggage at the reception, while we went for something to eat, whilst we awaited the normal 2pm check-in time.The reception staff appeared friendly enough. The reception being basic, nothing special, but clean enough.Booked online with popular web booking agent and there were no problems whatsoever, the hotel being aware that it had already been paid for in advance. Be prepared to either leave your credit card or A$100 at reception as deposit. But this is normal practice throughout Australia and there was no problem getting my A$100 deposit back on early check-out. There is a free gym and free indoor swimming pool at the hotel, the pool was cold, but the adjacent Jacuzzi was hot and it was nice to have a sauna. The cheapest way to get to the hotel from the airport is the train. It costs A$14 one way to Town Hall from the Airport. As with all places as soon as the airport is involved prices go up. It is only A$2.60 for a one way train ticket normally, which includes the line from Town Hall to the Airport (I know I used it later on my travels), but to get past the ticket office at the airport onto the train station means they force you to buy a A$14 one way ticket. Find a way around this and you could save yourself a few dollars. Still its cheaper than a taxi. The hotel is literally a 3-4 minute walk from Town Hall train station. The hotel is ideally situated only 3-4 minute walk from Town Hall, which is where the shops start, and also 3-4 minute walk from Darling Harbour, which is a great social gathering centre.Only stayed here two nights before moving on as part of my Australia holiday, but I would recommend the hotel if you are looking for a budget accommodation which is centrally located. I would definitely stay here again, if the price was right.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Seat24A
<Content>So Convenient! We stayed here for 11 nights in November 2008. It was so comfortable to have an apartment rather than just a hotel room. The kitchen is pretty well stocked with utensils, etc. We saved a lot of money by making breakfast and a few dinners here.The location is the real draw. It's a short walk to the Town Hall train station, even if you have luggage (and there are 2 grocery stores there). It's also very close to Darling Harbour and tons of restaurants in Chinatown. We used the pool several times and there is also a hot tub and sauna. The facilities are generally very nice and they supply dish soap and laundry powder every day if you need it.Our apartment showed a little wear, but I would stay here again for anything more than just a few nights in Sydney.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>vscomgirl
<Content>Great value for money We booked a studio apartment and were upgraded to a one bedroom apartment which was very spacious. Apartment was tidy and the bed was comfortable. Excellent location to enjoy chinatown and all that yummy food. View of the airconditioners wasn't the best but the offices across provided us with some entertainment. Great value for money, would stay again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>trin34
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed here back in May for 4 nights. There were 4 people in our group, and we had booked what we were told was 2-bedroom suite. What they gave us was a suite that had one bedroom with a king bed, another dark, tiny, closet-size room with a single bed, and then the sofa in the living room had a pullout bed. Not great for two couples. We would have endured it if it would have been just for one night, but we were there for longer, and had just spent 2 weeks in the jungles of PNG. We were ready for something nice and comfortable! They said no other suites were available, until we told them we would only be staying for 1 night and would find another hotel for the rest of our stay. Then suddenly they found a suite for us....which ended up being fantastic! We were on the 7th floor with a great view of Darling Harbor. It was a 2 level suite with a kitchen/living/dining room and 1/2 bath downstairs, along with a balcony. Upstairs was a master suite with a king bed, a second bedroom with a king, another full bathroom and a laundry room. The bedrooms both had floor to ceiling windows to enjoy the awesome view! So other than the problem in the beginning, we really did enjoy our stay here. The location was great, with just a short walk to Darling Harbor, Paddys Market and more. The well-stocked kitchen and the laundry room were very convenient and everything was clean for the most part. I would definitely recommend this hotel....just make double and triple sure you confirm the type of suite/bedding you booked!!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>teganb
<Content>first stay was good, second stay didn't match at all...       kitchen area  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>TwoSistersAdelaide
<Content>Really Convenient place to Stay Stayed at Oaks Maestri for 4 nights 15th Oct 08 - 19th Oct 08. On 25th floor although not harbour views, good views of the city. 5 mins to Darling Harbour, and close to everything else. Rooms refreshed daily. Very clean. Only thing I could mention on the negative is the pool could have been a bit warmer. - great place to stay. The two sisters!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DLG4
<Content>Excellent stay After reading some of the previous reviews on this place, I must say I was a little concerned.We had a two bedroom, two bathroom, apartment on the 23rd floor. Nice views.Honestly, we found it great.Service was very friendly, they took our bags to our room for us, changed the bed from two singles to a king, no problems at all.The room was serviced daily, plenty of towels etc. Full kitchen  laundry with a reasonable size living area.The location was nice and central walking distance from Darling Harbour for dinner  close to the train station.I would definately stay here again. D.G.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Smith23UK
<Content>Great Hotel Had a great stay at the Oaks Maestri, was a little worried after reading some previous comments however needed have been. Reception staff very helpful. Room clean and tidy. Location excellent, it was our first visit to Australia/Sydney and would use this hotel again without hesitation.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>sazzaandco
<Content>great location My two daughters and I stayed here for 12 nights during our trip around Australia.The location was excellent, we were able to walk almost everywhere, it felt safe as well.The one bedroom appartment was ok, with the sofa having to be made up to accomodate a third person. I did find the soundproofing from the road outside to be a problem tho.The girls enjoyed the pool, however it was very cold.......All staff we had contact with seemed pleasant.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>cestella
<Content>Another review of Oaks Masestri Towers We booked a two bedroom apartment over night in March this year. When we arrived we were told to park leave our vehicle in the delivery bay of the hotel and was still pay the $25 overnight car park fee. When we checked entered the room there was a smoke alarms which was constantly buzzing 鈥?obviously broken. We removed it from the wall but it was one of those smoke detectors that do not run on batteries. We called reception and advised them of the situation all they could over was another room the following night. We explained we are only booked for the 1 night but they said they couldn鈥檛 do anything.Our apartment had a kitchen, two bedrooms one being an on suite, bathroom and living area. The living area had a television so did the master bedroom. All rooms had built in wardrobes and there was spare pillows and blankets. The apartment was large but lacked any character. This place is livable for those who are planning a few days stay in Sydney. Location is prime heart of CBD, area has lots of shops and restaurants and very close to china town. Customer service is lacking here even checking out was painful.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Brown020
<Content>May we change rooms please!! Our two bedroom apartment looked nothing like the pictures on the web. The room was dark, the paint on the walls badly chipped and marked, the carpet dirty with patched squares in places, sparse and dirty looking lounge and dining furniture, a nasty looking bookcase with only a small tv on it, (no DVD, and no cable) and a dirty dinning table and chairs. There was a chipped sofa side table/drawer) but, no writing desk, paintings, coffee table, table lamps, guest info folder, balcony table and chairs, as shown on the web site. The whole place looked seedy, dirty, and sad. The second bedroom's only window was opaque and looked down into a dirty light well We requested a new room, and after an initial brushed off we were shown a new room. The new room was 100% better, looked like the photo although still no cable tv, no terrace furniture. We ended up having a very pleasant stay in our new room, but I would not stay there again as too much uncertainty as to room quality.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>allyrachelle
<Content>love it...       kitchen  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>theSlimebag
<Content>A Great Place to Stay Each time we (my partner and myself) travel to Sydney we stay at this property. This stay was our third time staying at Oaks Maestri.We have stayed twice in a one bedroom apt and this time in a studio apt. We are always very happy with this property - the accommodation is modern, clean, spacious and the property is very close to all the places that we want to go - town for shopping, star city for shows and darling harbour for dinner. Service is always great - on this particular occasion, we arrived at the apartments at 8am Sydney time and were just wanting to chuck our luggage in the storage cupboard until check-in when they advised that our room was ready and we could check-in then with no extra charge. This was nice as gave a chance to freshen up as we had already been up and travelling for 8 hours.We are always happy to stay at Oaks and this was another successful trip.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>annier127
<Content>much better than the expected after reading reviews "Ann Tasmania" We booked thru gourmet club, booked two studio apartments, the only disappointment was that they were three floors apart. Studio apartment was roomy, and clean. Plenty of room for three female travellers with shopping. Close to everything and the staff very very helpful (not like the previos reviews said. The only problem was we were not in the tower part of the hotel and it was very and i mean very noisy after dark!!! We were on the 3rd and 6th floors. But overall it was fine.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Perthtravellerking
<Content>Disappointing After seeing the website and reading the reviews I was so looking forward to staying at the hotel. However I was very disappointed with so many aspects of the two bedroom apartment.The air-con did not work properly. There were missing blinds in the room which faced the opposite buildings which meant no privacy and early sunrises. The lamps which were placed around the apartment were not plugged in - as there were no power points available. There were two stereo sets, however both CD players did not work. The doors and cupboards in the kitchen did not close properly. The kitchen was dirty and grimy (first thing I did was buy some sponges and spray and wipe). To top it all off I found some previous residents underwear under the couch. Charming !!!Lets just say I will not be staying at the Oaks Maestri again.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	2	1	2	3	2	

<Author>Knowlesey
<Content>Excellent value       Kitchen  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>inTUITION-ds
<Content>Would definitly stay again! Checked into this hotel with 3 mates just after christmas 2007 for the New Year period. Had booked 2 rooms, and both allocated were next to each other, one being a studio, the other an apartment. Having stayed in many hotels across europe, would have to admit I was amazed at the facilities within the rooms, including washing machines and tumble dryers!!Never had a problem with any of the staff who seemed very friendly, even when we extended the stay in the apartment for an extra night, all done witha minimal amount of fuss.Location superb, few mins to Darling Harbour, few mins to metro for direct train into the quays!When i'm in Sydney again I will definitly stay here again, a gem that we stumbled across when desperately trying to book a hotel for New Year!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>avarona
<Content>Great location My husband, teenage daughter and myself last stayed at the Oaks Maestri in January. We have stayed at this hotel at least 6 times prior to this. We always try to stay here because of the fantastic location. The hotel is reasonably modern and we have always found it clean. The only issue that we have ever had is that they charge $2 if you ask for an extra bath towel.The pool, spa and sauna are clean and in good condition.The hotel is 1 block away from Town Hall station which leads straight through to Queen Victoria building and the other CBD shops. It is also handy if you want to visit Darling Harbour which is about 2 blocks away. There is 2 convenience stores located near the hotel. Coles and Woolworths are a short walk away if you would prefer to pay cheaper prices.The price for this hotel is excellent for it's location compared to other similar hotels nearby. I would recommend this hotel to people wanting a location which is handy to the CBD.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>scottishLP
<Content>Loved the Location We stayed for eight nights and found the location was within easy walking distance to Darling Harbour ,and Town hall Station where you catch the train to Circular Quay ( two stops) Sydney Harbour and Opera House. The apartment was clean and serviced daily with a change of bedlinen half way through our stay. There is access to a pool and sauna which was a great way to relax after walking around all the sights in Sydney. I would recommend and use again in the future.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lovefreedom
<Content>great stay before staying at the oaks maestri.i was sceptical.i had read some bad reviews,but decided to make judgement for myself when i got there..we were able to checkin staight away,which was great..our appartment was more than comfortable..with a king size bed in the bedroom,huge cupboard space and a fold out in the lounge room.a huge balcony complimented the room and made it look even bigger..no we didnt have a great view, but the noise was minimal and we did not plan to stay in our room all day anyway..we were on holidays and wanted to fit in as much as possible..the laundry facilities were great..absolutely essential with a family away for a week..we were more than happy with the service.our room was clean and smelt fresh everyday on return from our long days shopping and sight seeing..we had no problems with staff or communication..i do beleive sometimes you get what you give and if you treat people with respect then you will get it in return..people tend to forget that hotel staff have to put up with all sorts of complaining customers and its not always easy to have a smile on your face 24/7.. i am not excusing staff for having no reason for being rude but some costomers do push the limits at times..all in all our stay here was without hassle or unpleasantries and would definately stay again..not to mention the great price which allowed us to stay a whole week..thankyou oaks maestri for a pleasant stay...  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>aroberta
<Content>A convenient location and good value I have seen some very poor reviews of these apartments.They are in a great position, 5 minutes from darling Harbour and also 5 minutes walk to the Town hall suburban train station which takes you to Circular Quay in a few minutes journey time.The aprtments are basic but pretty comfortable and have all the equipment you need.Some of the staff were pretty morose and unhelpful but others were OK but it scores on convenience of location and value for money for a city centre  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>joolsfla
<Content>Good value for money We were slightly nervous before our arrival after reading the previous reviews but have to say we thoroughly enjoyed our three week stay. We had initially booked into a studio apartment but were slighlty disappointed as it was on a low floor (which was quite noisy as you are in the centre of town) and had no balcony. After speaking to reception we were quickly upgraded to the 22nd floor and moved to a one bedroom apartment. The apartment was susprisingly spacious, clean and nicely decorated,with two balcony's. All amenities(including washing machine, dryer, dishwasher) were provided and basic house keeping was provided on a daily basis.Excellent location - two minute walk to Darling Harbour, and also within walking distance to Sydney Harbour Bridge.As with previous review we have to agree that reception staff in general were not overly helpful(apart form the first guy we dealt with) but this was not a big issue for us.Overall we would recommend these apartments as they provide everthing you could possibly need for a stay in Sydney and at great price.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>Sharphan
<Content>Enjoyed the stay Our room was excellent - we were on the 20th floor and found it excellent. The view was great and the cleanliness and roomyness great. The only thing we could have benefited from the room was a safe. The reception area was off-putting when we checked in - long queues and delays checking in (and out).  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>aus_isis
<Content>This time my room was much better How different a stay can be based on a room. Last time I stayed here, the room had traffic noise, was dark and some of the furniture broke. This time is was a large room, painted in light colours, no sound and as if I was in another hotel.I will leave it up to you!!! Luck of the draw I guess.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rini247bini
<Content>value for money we stayed there for a weekend with our 2 year old daughter in the first week of december 2007 and thought it was great. The location was excellent, and the service was ok. We had trouble though finding suitable parking in their parking lot as there were only really about 15 or so GUEST lots which you had to reserve, and even that there wasn't a guarantee that it'd be free when you return. Luckily we just left our car there the entire weekend and just walked and took public transport.our 1 brm apartment was very clean and tidy, also childfriendly. we had a view of the back so we didn't see the harbour and such. there was very minimal noise and we were able to sleep soundly. they didn't have full service cleaning but towels and consumable were changed daily, this reflects trying to keep tariffs low - which is a good thing for a 4 1/2 star hotel.overall it was a good first time experience and we will definitely consider going again.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Aprilgirl
<Content>Location only good thing I agree with most of the other reviews. This place leaves something to be desired. We checked into a nice suite. The strange thing.....the second bedroom was really like a large closet with 2 double beds and NO WINDOWS a little creepy. Got settled in the room and realized that the stove, microwave and internet didn't work. Phoned front desk, fellow came....couldn't get internet to work, gave us the providers number. Phoned no answer. Next day he offered to move us. we were actually downgraded to a smaller room, with now a pullout. The windows were so thin, that a man sneezed on the opposite corner and WE HEARD HIM. We had trouble in second room with internet and tried calling provider.....again no answer. They charged us for a full day on the internet, when we had hardly been there. Our last day there no one even showed up to clean our room, and the pullout bed was never made. Everytime we had to talk to front desk we had to go downstairs. The front desk were not very helpful at all. WE had phoned for a wake up call the night before we left. No one called us the next morning! good thing I woke up. Asked to see charges before oking our bill, that was like pulling teeth. Asked for a copy of the itemized bill and didn't get that, finally had to leave because we needed to catch a flight. Gave the front desk my travel voucher that my agent had issued. He begins to lecture me on that they don't take those anymore. I said that is odd, my agent was here a month ago, and used one. He finally accepted it. Now I am surprised my agent even put in that hotel. I could not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>RJMAdelaide
<Content>Very good We stayed for 5 nights and apart from a short delay on arrival our room was ready as promised. We stayed here because of the location and have no complaints at all. We are fussy (in our mid forties) but very pleased with our choice. The room was clean and serviced daily (sheets, towels replaced and basic cleaning). Dishwasher, microwave, cooktop, washing machine and dryer in room if needed. The studio apartment was fine for the two of us and the staff were more than happy for us to have a quick look in a one bedroom apartment which was huge. All public transport very close and major attractions are within walking distance. Rememeber this is not a fully fledged motel but an apartment building with permanent residents. We also used the pool and spa in the evenings. One point, the pool was not heated. Overall we are looking forward to our next trip to Sydney and have no hesitation in staying here again.RJM of Adelaide South Australia  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>harwooka
<Content>hmmmm...Lucky we got it cheap We arrived to a less than warm welcome. We were told we would have to wait for maintenance to check the room but the lady couldn't tell us what the problem was and maintenance had no idea either. Once we were able to check in the receptionist then proceeded to walk out into the back room and leave us standing there for 5 minutes. The room was huge but......... a cabinet in the bathroom was nearly falling off, the balcony was dirty, the bedding was old and stained, and the front door handle was loose and nearly falling off the front door. The location is good for easy access to all the major attractions but I would not recommend this hotel. They left a lot to be desired for a four and a half star apartment hotel.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	2	2	

<Author>fafvis
<Content>nice place, cold staffs let me see, there is a reason the hotel industry is called the hospitality industry...Guest are supposed to be made welcome after travelling round the world to get to your hotel!!Well, Oaks Maestri have all the hardware to make it a great stay- a nicely appointed room, nice kitchen, space, etc. However, it lacks the software. The staffs were freezing cold and acts as though they are there to do you a favour. The housekeeping staffs were generally nice but the frontdesk left much to be desired..Would I go back there again? Not too sure. If I can find an equally good apartment hotel within the rates, maybe not!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>ronancamp
<Content>Avoid like the plague: absolutely terrible, the staff are so ignorant Where do I start with this place? The only good to say about this place is the location. Simple as. The staff here are ignorant, rude and obnoxious and would burst into flames if they cracked a smile鈥?asked the front desk a few times for directions or enquiries, and the best they could do was give me a caveman grunt. They are so unhelpful, I have never come across more surly staff in all my life.The room was ok, would be no harm to give the place a lick of paint, brighten up the place. The cleaning of the room was none existent. The funny thing is: the Oaks maestri say that this is not a high priority ,that their objective was to provide competitive rates!!?? I would have thought that you do that anyway!!!! They just managed to throw the duvet over the bedOnly for the location, I would say avoid the Oaks Maestri Towers like the plague鈥︹€?.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	1	1	1	

<Author>agnes_sg
<Content>Frontdesk: Extremely Bad service I have a check-in for a one-bedroom in Sept. My stay is for 3 months. The people in the front desk are horrible. They do not answer calls from the guest room and request for items NEVER received. I have requested for a Bowl for more then 7 days, reminding them every morning and evening, but that Bowl never turn up.The Front desk never do what they said they will do. Conclusion, DONT TRUST them!!!!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>Simone1984
<Content>Bad service, nice hotel, close to everything The guy at the front desk was the only bad experience of this trip, he was rude, unwelcoming, never smiled or greeted us once. We also had a moth problem but that can't be helped because they are all over Sydney at the moment. The rooms were spacious, balcony had a nice view, and the apartment was so close to everything. If they improved their service this hotel would rate so much better. Oh and another thing, we asked them to call us a cab to get us to the airport, they told us to go out and flag one, no hotel should say this, if they dont want to call us one they should go out and flag one themselves, thats just rude!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	1	1	2	

<Author>yougorgeousthing
<Content>Awful Experience. Don't Waste your Money I stayed at the Oaks Maestri Towers for 4 nights and I really regretted it :( First of all the parking was a nightmare. We drove around for ages to find a 'Guest Park' as Oaks Maestri Towers are also residential apartments. Therefore all the parking spots were reserved for tenants. Parking was very expensive too.The next painful thing was trying to figure out which lift to take. This wasn't too bad as, at first we just wanted reception which is ground floor. It wasn't till after we checked in and trying to find our room, that it became a major mission!! We headed to Level 5, but we couldn't find our room?! We weren't told at check-in that our room was accessed through Lift 4. We just want to the main lift! There were like 6 different lifts. It was just so confusing!!After that we opened up the sofa bed for my brother to find that there was hair all over the sheets! Gross. We called Housekeeping to change it and to also give us extra towels as everything was for 2 people as we had booked for 3 people.One of the nights there, this weird beeping sound was going off. We checked the air-conditioning, heater the phone and finally called reception to ask someone to check it out. They said that it was the Fire Alarm and the battery was nearly flat. But what got me was he said that he would get someone to fix it now or leave it for the morning?? Iam sorry, but these things need to be sorted out straight away. Especially if my brother was sleeping in the living room on the sofa bed. How can he sleep with a beeping noise? Just ridiculous.I found the staff to be quite rude. On the day of check-out we were just walking out the door when i heard the phone ring. Went back to answer it and it was reception asking me 'When are you leaving cause we need the room?' I told her that i was on my way out. I looked at my watch and it was 10:05am. Check-out was 10am. Unbelievable.Also left behind some clothing too. Which is my own mistake. But i called the hotel back that night and asked them if they had found my belongings. They said nothing was reported or found. I know that it was my own fault, but dishonesty just makes me so mad. They said they would look into it for me, but I have not recieved any feedback whatsoever.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>crazyinsyndey
<Content>mould, bad service, expensive parking received confirmation email that we would arrive to two single beds and bedding for the sofa. arrived to one king bed and no bedding for the sofa.requested clean towels. told there would be a $10 per towel charge if towels were supplied prior to housekeeping visit. mould stretched the length of the back of the bathroom door. parking was excessive at $24 per night.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>snowboot
<Content>Home from Home Loved this apartment! Staff were very friendly and helpful, giving us some great advise for our first trip Down Under.Apartments were large, spacious, and clean, and the location is great for the Darling Harbour night life.Fully recommend this apartment.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TCTGoldCoast
<Content>Only the location was any good Had a 5 night stay at this hotel via a package with Flight Centre. The only thing going for this self rates 4.5 star joint is the location. Walking distance to just about everything. Our room was filthy. Clean on the surface, but the walls, the carpet, the furniture all yuck. Complained and was upgrated to a cleaner unit, but the place is in desperate need of a paint. All the facilities in room are there, that's one plus. But the staff - they are so rude. I rang reception one morning to request a clothes airer and the phone was answered with a yep, and this person did not even know what a clothes airer was. When we mentioned to staff on Friday evening that there was a substance on the stairs, they only placed a sign over it, and it was still there on the Monday morning. Overall very unappy - take note spend the extra and update yourself to a well known chain.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>holwiz
<Content>Location, Location, Location       Kitchen  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>bugsie077
<Content>great location staff let hotel down booked my stay with maestri 7 months in advance to ensure a darling harbour view,also phoned them 2 weeks prior to check in to remind them.i did not get the view instead got an unhelpful receptionist. my first room given has a huge crane outside window working away with dust and rubble every where. second room bit better. had to ask for the manager as staff were rude and unhelpful. dispite upset as start of holiday had a good holiday. location was perfect, room very comfortable. staff let the hotel down as not friendly or helpful .would not stay there again  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SuffolkGlobeTrotter
<Content>Very disappointing We stayed at the Maestri Towers Jan 27-2 Feb. As we were arriving at 6.30 in the morning we booked a room for the night before, so that we could go immediately to our room to freshen up and relax. On arrival the room we were given was in a bit of a sorry state, the furniture was well past it's sell by date and the balcony furniture was non existent.The air con wasn't working ,there were two dusty fans for our use instead. On enquiring about the air con we were given the impression it was unlikely to be fixed anytime soon. We then requested another room and were told they had none, after insisting, we were offered a room which was waiting to be cleaned, which we accepted as even before cleaning it looked better than the one we had been alloted. We eventually got into our room about 10.30. My husband asked to speak to the manager, the person on reception made a pathetic attempt to pretend to call him and only after pressing him he did so, but the manager declined to speak to us. I do not think it is anywhere near 4 stars -more like 2. I would say there is a serious problem there.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Leura07
<Content>Good place to stay We have just returned from a 4 week stay in Australia and this was our first stop. I had doubts about this place after reading a few reviews on Trip Advisor but I need not have been concerned. We had a 2 bedroom apartment on the 20th floor. Excellent views, beautiful and clean it was like home from home. Our apartment was serviced every day (without asking) and we found all staff very helpful. There was a laundry room within the apartment which was very handy. Very spacious for 4 adults two bathrooms ample kitchen equipment and dining lounge area. TV and radio/cd player. There is an indoor pool for you to use. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. There is a convenience store just accross the road and if you tell them you are staying at Oaks Maestri they give you a discount (well they did for us). Internet access is available at the store at about $2 for an hour. Darling Harbour is a nice place and if you want a good meal at a reasonable price go to Waterfront Bar  Grill we found this very good.Oaks is well situated to shops, restaurants and attractions. If we go back to Sydney we would stay here again.This is not a full service hotel and there are long term residents in the building as well.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>MadSci
<Content>Lots of Room       Bathroom with seperate shower and bath  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>PSAG
<Content>Home from Home Stayed here in order to avoid Hotel living whilst in Sydney for 5 days - i.e cook our own food etc.Arrived just after midday after long flight from UK (normal check in time 1400)- first receptionist very offhand and said apartment wasn't ready and couldn't give a time as to when it would be. Then duty manager intervened and took over. For him no problem - said apartment would be ready in 30 mins, took our bags into store and then took us through to coffee shop - otherside of building.Good to his word apartment ready in 30 mins, and worth the wait.Spacious, clean and very well equipped - a home from home.City view - and small balcony enabled fresh air etc. Apartment serviced daily if required.Swimming Pool and Gym in basement adequate. Staff arrangedtaxi when we departed. With the exception of first receptionist on arrival - found all staff helpful and courteous.Would definitely stay here again - you have to remember it is not a full service hotel, and there are also long term residents in the building.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>TR45
<Content>Nice hotel with some issues       Kitchen  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	4	2	1	

<Author>kobels02
<Content>It was sweltering at the Maestri Towers We generally choose to stay in apartments when we travel and enjoy the slightly more relaxed style. Like other reviewers have mentioned the Maestri Towers location is excellent, close to Darling Harbour and the CBD. We left there this morning after a 3 day stay and to be honest this will be our first and last stay at an Oaks property.We are fairly easy going travellers.On the first day our air conditioning was not working (The temperature outside was 40 degrees celcius) and we asked if it could be fixed. We asked again the second day and then the third day but we were offered fans and the airconditioning was not working when we checked out. As other reviewers have stated, you can not leave the windows and balcony doors open because the noise is significant. Security is a bit worrying as the property uses keys rather than security cards and in our case the double lock was not working, we used a chair.In itself this might not put you off on the whole Oaks Group however there was a sense from staff that they really were not concerned about the airconditioning or anything much else and this must start at the top. Small things like no room directory explaining about the premises and how things worked did not exist and the general welcoming front office staff you expect where not there, there was a clear perception of understaffing. The properties 4 star rating must be a real stretch.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	1	2	1	

<Author>CM77
<Content>Great location but a few complaints about the place       The growing patch of water  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>oceanmatt
<Content>Great overall The main thing about this accomodation is LOCATION! Only a block from the Town Hall Train (Undersground) station and a block from Darling Harbour, you really cannot go wrong. You are within ten minutes walk of the main shopping in Sydney and a nice stroll to Circular Quay, where the Opera House and Bridge are.There is a 24 hour convenience store opposite with internet access ($3 perhour).The room that I had was a one bedroomed apartment on the third floor. The fact we were only on the third floor was a negative as you are on a busy street and you could not really sit out on the balcony as there was a lot of noise, but the room was well insulated and when you were inside you really did not hear anything.The room was clean (Although we found a pack of condoms in the nightstand) and the sdaily towel change and bed make service was nice and unusual for a serviced apartment. The kitchen was ample and furnishings sufficed for their purpose.Not high luxury, but great overall and I would not hesitate staying there again.Please remember though that as well as being an aparthotel, it is actually residential, so there are a lot of tenants as well as tourists.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>annaveil
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised After reading the reviews we were a little concerned with the booking we had already made at Oaks Maestri Towers. A friend and I stayed there for two nights 11-13th December. We called prior to arriving, requesting a high room, with a view. We also mentioned it on checking in. We were pleasantly suprised when we entered our 2 bedroom apartment on the 21st floor. On the ground floor was a toilet and hand basin, and an open plan living area, with a good sized kitchen, lounge and dining area. There were full length windows that looked out over Darling Harbour. The balcony was only small but sufficient. As we are both smokers it was imperitive that we had somewhere to smoke that didn't mean we had to leave the building. The downside was that there was no table on the balcony, only a couple of chairs, but because we were so delighted with the room, we didn't worry about it. Even though on the 21st floor it was still a little noisy outside on the balcony, but very quiet inside the apartment with the doors closed. On the next level were two bedrooms, the master one had a king size bed with an ensuite that included a bath. The second bedroom had twin beds, and there was also quite a large bathroom. It was all very clean and in good condition. The lifts were fast, although we initially had some trouble operating them with the keycard, and there was one in particular that didn't seem to want to work for us at all, so we tended to use the second one. We found the staff very helpful and friendly. We also used the hairdresser across the road which we really have to recommend. It's called the Shooting Star and we both booked in for a wash and blow wave prior to going out for a dinner engagement. The head massage we got, while our hair was being washed, was worth the $30 alone, let alone having a blow wave afterwards! If I go back to Sydney I'll be going back there just for another head massage! Would highly recommend the Oaks Maestri Towers, but I do think making a point of requesting a high room is paramount.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Tajine
<Content>Great Location in CBD Great place to stay for a long stay. Not much of a reception to speak of. However the hotel/apartments are spacious, modern and clean. There is also a fully equipped kitchen and laundry in your apartment. There is a pool and sauna which are small but useable. The plus point for this place is it's great location.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seanie.b
<Content>loved my time here stayed here for a week in november with my girlfriend the apartment was very spacious and clean and had an excellent location being just a minute away from darling harbour and 10-15 minutes walk from the rocks and most other attractions within walking distance and if not train station around the corner. The staff where friendly and always made us feel welcome. all in all i enjoyed my stay here very much.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>PJ_boy
<Content>Good location This is a well run apartment-hotel with a great location. Perfect for families with young children. We had a room on the 14th floor facing the back of the hotel. Although we did not get a harbour view, it was quiet and we got to sleep! The pool was disappointing because it was unheated and I only managed 5 mins in it before escaping to the hot tub. On the whole, it offers good value for money and I will be back.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>liz55
<Content>Great hotel - would recommend to anyone We stayed on the 14th floor at this hotel for 6 nights in November 2006 and have to say it was excellent. The accom are apartments, very modern and large. Our apartment had a large lounge area, kitchen and dining area, a large bedroom with loads of wardrobe space, a modern large bathroom with shower and bath and there was a washer and dryer in a cupboard. The furniture and fittings were really lovely. The tower itself is close to Darling Harbour and was central for the shops, ferries, and buses.An ideal situation I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>jc_stn
<Content>Room for improvement I have just stayed in the property for 3 nights. My experience on the first day 8/9/06 was terrible. None of the things I requested was accommodated, e.g. although I requested for higher floor unit, I was given one on 8th floor. At the timeof booking I informed the hotel my flight arrival at 12 noon, nothing was done to accommodate earlier check in and instead I waited for 2 hours after a long flight. At 6pm dinner time I discovered that the oven wasn't cleaned, and a thick layer of solidified fat was found in the roasting tray. I informed the reception. No apology was offered. Instead, she told me the cleaning staff has gone home and that I should have informed her upon check in so that cleaning could have been arranged. I then informed her that the airconditioning could not be adjusted and the room was at 18C which was too cold for me. She said she would put in a message for the maintenance staff to look into it which should happen in 20 minutes. After 1 hour, nothing happened and I rang her again and was told maintenance had finished for the day. She said there was nothing she could do then and suggested I turn off the air con when I go to sleep. Again no apology was offered. Throughout the conversation she was impatient and attempted to talk over me instead of listen to me. I was less than impressed by the attitude then and personally went down to the reception to find the duty manager. My situation was immediately rectified by him who moved me to the 24th floor with a view of the Darling Harbour. However, the oven and the DVD player weren't working. I informed reception, and was told they would be fixed in the morning, but then, nothing happened. Through out the stay, the room was not serviced at all. Instead, a bag of towels, toilet roll, shampoo etc. was left at the door every morning.I have stayed in many hotels and I have to say this is the worst experience I ever had. I dont think I could recommend it to any body based on what I have experienced.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>Spyro
<Content>Very pleased My son, daughter and I had a long weekend in Sydney and stayed at the Oaks. We were all very impressed with our accommodation. One bedroom apartment, well equipped kitchen, dishwasher, microwave. Television. DVD. sound system.The room was large and sunny. Our only complaint in regards to our particular room, was we were on level 2 on the corner. There was a street light directly outside at window level, which when we turned off our lights brightened the room extremely well - no need to stumble over things or turn a light on if up wandering during the night. The Oaks is convenient to many things in Sydney, such as Central Station, Paddys Market, Chinatown, Chinese Garden, Darling Harbour, Ferry and Monorail (although why you would go on that bets me). The walk into Circular Quay is also a comfortable distance. A convenience store is just across the road, as are loads of restaurants nearby. Pool, Spa, Sauna and Gym are all available for guests use. Staff, as in all places some are better than others. We travelled from the airport (domestic) to the Oaks via taxi, costing us $35.00 - if you do the same I would suggest telling the driver it is near the corner of Bathhurst and Sussex - easier for him considering Sussex is a one way street. The train from the airport is $11.00 each with a ?4 block walk. Yes, we would consider staying there again if in Sydney.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>sunbeam64
<Content>rather claustrophobic We stayed here for 5 nights in August - having booked directly months ahead requesting a 1 bedroom apartment with a harbour view. We found our apartment to be very clausrophobic. We had no view and were on the 4th floor - our windows looked into an internal courtyard which received no sun. The apartment was smaller than we had anticipated and the kitchen was almost non-functioning. When we arrived the freezer compartment of the fridge was so full of ice the door wouldn't close. We had to de-frost it overnight by getting up and down and chipping ice away, placing warm bowls of water in the fridge and also mop up dripping water that kept us awake. There was also somone's old food left in the fridge when we arrived.The kitchen wasn't a kitchen - it was a hotplate and sink. - no bench space and the toaster had to sit on the hotplate - dangerous. Kitchen cupboards so high up - the shorter person in the party couldn't reach anything - needed to stand on the chair.Good to have a washing machine and drier. But not good to have no hot water on our last morning - no shower and this affected all of the apartments - no apology either.Comfortable beds - but all in all we found this place to lack lustre and be very unwelcoming - not a place you would want to have to spend the day if you felt like relaxing at home. We won't go back here but would choose something else in the same handy area - there is plenty to choose from.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Brad_t001
<Content>Great place to stay We stayed at the Maestri Towers for one month, November-December 2005. The rate we paid for the apartment was very reasonable for the quality we got. We booked a 1 bedroom apartment. The apartment was big and spacious, with a lounge, dining area, kitchen, large bedroom and large bathroom. All of these rooms were very clean.The location is brilliant. It is just across the road from Darling Harbour, right in the centre of the Sydney CBD where there is always something to do, no matter what the time. Town Hall train station is just 2 blocks up from the apartment which makes it really easy to reach any point in Sydney. Also within walking distance is the Star City casino, Harbour bridge/ Oprah House and Centre point shopping mall.The apartment had great facilities as well. In the room we had a CD player, DVD player, TV and large Fridge. Downstairs there is a lovely indoor pool, spa and sauna. Staff were always friendly and helpful. I would reccomend this apartment to anyone seeking a clean, reasonably priced place to stay at a great venue in the absolutely amazing city of Sydney.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>amazing apartment We stayed on the 22nd floor with brilliant views of Darling Harbour. The one bedroom apartments are great-very spacious and has everything you need and more. We were very impressed. The location is very handy to Darling Harbour and Chinatown and the staff are very friendly and helpful. Just be aware that what you may request (as in wanting a high rise room with views may not always be what you get. We requested a high rise room two months before travelling and I also e-mailed them 1 month before leaving and they still had us down for a room on the 3rd floor. I wasn't too impressed. They did actually change us to the high rise I asked for, so be firm in what you really want and hopefully they can accommodate you.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jen83
<Content>Lovely Modern Hotel, Excellent Value for Money Me and my husband stayed here over New Year in 2005/06 after getting married in Melbourne. This hotel is very modern and the rooms are excellently equipped with CD player, TV, DVD player, fridge, cooker, microwave, toaster, washing machine, tumble dryer ans seperate shower and bath! I would recommend to anyone visiting Sydney.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ampang
<Content>Great central location 3 of us stayed at the hotel for 5d/4n. Arrived at hotel at 6pm. Checking in was done with ease. Spacious 1-bedroom apartment tho' room is a bit small. Well equipped with microwave oven, stove, fridge, dishwasher, etc. Bathroom is also large with separate shower, washing machine and dryer.However, apt was not thoroughly made up unless we put up the 鈥楶ls make up room鈥?sign. On one day we found the washing scour missing, on another day cleaning cloth was gone and cooking pot disappeared different day. But all were returned the very next day. The air-cond was also out of order. Instead, we were given 2 standing fan. We complained to the mgmt but no action was taken.Great location. Very convenient as Chinatown, Darling Harbour, Townhall are all within walking distance. Since we prepared our own meal, shopping was done at supermarkets nearby. As guideline, it cost us AUD36 to get us from hotel to airport.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved our stay We stayed for 5 days  4 nights at the Oaks Maestri Towers.Location was excellent for Darling Harbour,which is one of the main shopping areas in Sydney.Chinatown is only 1 min walk.My first impression of the studio was great.I was impressed with the air conditiong.We needed that badly as it was quite a hot evening when we arrived.My aunt lived just opposite the hotel so we could wave and say hi(and that's the reason she booked this hotel for us)The studio was quite spacious for the 2 of us. We got 2 single beds which was what we hoped for(we didn't know what to expect e.g price and the facility as my aunt booked and paid for that all before we arrived Sydney)The only things that I wasn't impressed with were the cleaniess of the room and the service.I put the Please make up my roomsign up before we left the room one morning but it wasn't serviced when we got back in the evening so I got to the reception the next morning and explained it to them.They didn't say sorry but the room should have been cleaned.Therefore,I asked them to make sure the room was to be cleaned that day and I also requested some more washing powder and toilet paper.When I got back later duing the day,I found that even though the room was serived but they didn't give me the things that I had requested.And I expected the beds to be changed at least once during our stay but they were not.Also the gaps between the washing machine and the wall was very filthy.I could see water and dust on the floor.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We were Robbed Not just figuratively, but literally. our room was broken into by ONE OF THE STAFF. we lost a computer, jewelry, and money. the company did NOTHING to support us, and refused to reimburse us for the loss. Even though there were three robberies that night and the police said they are there all of the time because of robberies.it was unclean, unsafe, and poorly servicedAVOID  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Much better than I was expecting! Having read some of the other reviews on this accomodation we were pleased to discover it was much better than we were expecting! We booked a studio apartment but were upgraded to a 1 bedroom on the 22nd floor. No view as we were at the back facing other apartments but we were more than happy with the extra space to be bothered by this! The use of security cards to get in at night and to be able to use the lifts made the place feel secure. The apartment itself was spacious with very good facilities including a dishwasher, washing machine and tumble dryer which we certainly appreciated! The furniture was modern and comfortable and appeared clean. I would have to agree with a recent reviewer however that although the apartment was serviced daily it was more surface clean than anything. Like them, I also have dust mite allergy so agree the place would benefit from a good spring clean more regularly. That said, it was by no means filthy and given the excellent, very central location of the apartments we didn't need to spend too much time there so weren't really inconvenienced. We did make use of the pool, sauna and spa after a hard days sightseeing but did feel they would also benefit from a really good clean. The staff were excellent-always friendly, polite and helpful but without being intrusive in any way. Generally we thought the place was very good value for money and if we ever get to go to Sydney again would definately consider staying here and would recommend it to anyone wanting accomodation which is above average but not too expensive. It provides a comfortable environment with all the facilities needed to have a very enjoyable holiday.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just back from Maestri Towers Just back from the Maestri Towers and wanted to add my bit after reading others reviews. We had a one bedroom plus study room(one bedroom deluxe)on the first floor.No view but that wasn't a problem as we were out enjoying views all day long!Because there was four of us I had asked for a king+single+sofabed anticipating a single bed in the study and someone having to sleep on the sofabed, but I was pleased that we had been allocated a room with two single beds in the study(small, but big enough for the two teenagers travelling with me.) The furniture in the apartment was modern, smart and in good condition.The bed linen was clean and fresh looking and nice to sleep in. Thats the good news.The not so good news was that the room, although surface clean and obviously being serviced by housekeeping, was in desperate need of a good spring clean as the carpet was stained and dirty, skirting boards were dusty behind the doors and every cupboard was dusty at the backs and corners. The dust probably wouldn't be an issue for most people but as I was travelling with a child with severe dust mite allergy it was a bit of a problem as the first thing we had to do was hunt for a chemist for anti-histamines to combat his itchy eyes, headache and runny nose. Which brings me to another good point of the hotel. It is within two blocks of everything you could need from supermarkets to chemists,eateries(Chinatown is just along the road), Darling Harbour and the ferries,railway station, monorail,shopping centres-we discovered 'Garden City'shopping centre next to Paddys Market when we went for a walk through Chinatown. Someone commented in their review that it isn't in the best area, but for being just off city centre it isn't bad and as far as I could see there was plenty people walking through the area late in the evening. All in all, despite the dust, I would go back there again in the future as it was a relaxing place to stay and remarkably quiet in the hotel at night.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Durnin
<Content>Relieved at Standard I read review of Apr 29th and was very aprehensive but as we got good deal went ahead with booking. Had 1 bedroomed apt on 24th floor with option to use sofa bed in main room. Very good first experience, reception very helpful and professional as was our experience with them throughout the week we spent there. Apartment very pleasant surprise. Very spacious, clean and comfortable. View fantastic. Double bed in bedroom split to accommodate 2 singles and very comfortable. Lots of storage space. Washer/Dryer which was invaluable. Great facilities. Only one issue that you would not want to be vertically challenged as presses in kitchen very high. This was only issue and minor as one person could reach. Apartments very central, close to Darling Harbour and Paddy's markets. Close to subway, buses, shopping. china town and many major landmarks.A very convenient location and I would recommend them highly.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dharrison
<Content>great location, nice set up... Stayed here on two seperate occassions for a few weeks in January and really enjoyed our time here. The location is brilliant, within walking distance to most places and very close to the tube. We had the monthly rate which,per night, worked out only a little more than some of the better city centre hostels (we were backpacking)...No real complaints to speak of. The staff were friendly (maybe some more than others!) and the rooms were well equipped and clean. Pool and sauna were great although I did feel a tad unclean after a dip in the spa-maybe due a water change at that time...Would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top Dollars, Bottom Service I stayed at the Maestri Towers in 2003- and i was so impressed i bought my family to stay once again in 2005. This time around the front desk reception were not only the rudest and uncaring staff who could welcome you, but prefer to gossip with each other or read text messages while the line of guests grows longer...tip to employer- hire people who know the definition of 'customer service'.The room which was a two bedroom was disappointing- dirty carpet, broken glass tables, unfunctioning shower, the list of broken things goes on..It has been a week since my stay at the Maestri Towers and yet my deposit is still being held- not for long.Skip this 5star wannabe- unless you want to waste big $$- pass it on  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Memsahib
<Content>Could be better!   showReview(3754249, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ozbound
<Content>Spacious and well-equipped.   showReview(3748320, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sallyhess
<Content>not what i ordered   showReview(3512240, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joelmari
<Content>Maestri Towers not so good   showReview(3423408, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>optom
<Content>Problems with the Maestri Towers.   showReview(3398671, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Vix77
<Content>Fantastic location and facilities   showReview(3235826, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Maestri Experience   showReview(3009647, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zoony
<Content>Great location, good value, not sure about the room tho'   showReview(2577060, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience at the Maestri   showReview(2199096, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travel23
<Content>Price was nice...carpet wasn't   showReview(2113152, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>soulset
<Content>渚垮埄銇儹銈便兗銈枫儳銉炽€佸鍐呫伅娓呮綌銆併仧銇犮偣銈裤儍銉曟暟銇寮枫亴鏈涖伨銇椼亜   showReview(21373053, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇°倗銇ｃ仺銇屻仯銇嬨倞   showReview(19164278, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇屾渶楂樸仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19158633, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

