<Author>agalwaygirl
<Content>Okay Hotel Our stay here was for 8 nights in the deluxe room. To be honest I felt the photos and description of this hotel led me to believe that this place was nicer than it actually was. It was cheap and cheerful. Room was okay, very clean and spacious, although it did have an interior window that seemed to look out onto an empty hall space which I found very disconcerting and did not like as there was no natural light at all. When we enquired at reception about possibly changing rooms, unfortunately there were none available. Location was good, quiet central. Staff were pleasant but not friendly. To be honest, we found ourselves finding excuses not to go back to the hotel early as the room was quite depressing. We also came back one night to find a drunk fast asleep in the front hall downstairs, that we had to step over him to access the hotel, not a nice experience. We will not be staying here again, I felt it was barely above a hostel. I felt it was advertised wrongly as a boutique hotel, leading me to believe it was better than reality.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>KyliesTrips
<Content>Great value for money, excellent location We selected this hotel having read the tripadvisor reviews and stayed for 5 nights. Excellent location right on George Street and definately value for money. We had a twin standard room which was compact as expected and very clean and tidy. It was serviced everyday and the shower was good. Check in and check out were smooth and the receptionist was really helpful in giving advice and directions, booking airport transport. We made use of the guest lounge, the internet kiosk was the fasted one we experienced on our trip. We were at the back of the hotel so the room was not that noisy.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>prajnaparamita
<Content>quaint and pleasant This is a quaint and pleasant hotel. Ten minutes walk to the Central Railway station where you can catch the train to the airport. Just around the corner is China Town  it is easy walking distance from Darling Harbour and the Queen Victoria Building. I had a quiet room at the back. The room was clean with modern decor. The bathroom was great. The airconditioner worked well and was quiet. The only drawback was that my room looked into other rooms opposite, which meant there was no privacy unless you shut the curtains, but it didn't really bother me. A good hotel (though it would pay to ask for a quiet room as those at the front overlook busy and noisy George Street.)  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Midget_Gems
<Content>Not what it says on the tin       My broom cupboard..sorry I mean room  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>kapibarasan
<Content>Good location, clean I spent 3 nights at this hotel, I chose it mainly for its location, in Chinatown, very good to explore the city, either walking or by public transportation. I was not disappointed by the location, and I also found that it was very clean indeed, as I had previously read on other reviews here. Good location and clean room are the 2 most important things to me, and this hotel did not disappoint me. The room was very small as I had also read on another guidebook, but I planned on staying almost the whole day out of the room, exploring the city, so I didn't care about that. It can be very noisy at any time of the day or the night, both because of the cleaning people and (mainly) because of people who have no respect of the others. Wireless internet was expensive, however the area is full of internet cafe's.Overall a good experience to me, would choose it again.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	2	2	

<Author>jen99va80
<Content>A great location and very clean, but LOUD! The Pensione is at great location on George Street. Buses right outside go to Circle Quay every few minutes and its a short walk to Darling Harbour. The rooms are clean and there is GREAT shower pressure. A good option for a group of 3-- we booked a triple and had a bunk bed and a double... it was really nice not to have to share. The elevator (lift) was in working condition and the steps from the top (4th) floor were a great option in a hurry with no luggage. The only downside was loud George Street especially on Saturday night-- bring some earplugs and/ or ask for an inside room.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>spngebob
<Content>No sleep! We chose this hotel on the basis of location and price.We booked three 3 rooms for 2 families...children ages 11-13.Staff were friendly especially the young fello we met when we checked out.The triple room was spacious and clean. This room had a bunk bed.The only thing was that my son felt it was unsafe so he spent the rest of the night on the floor. He was worried he would fall through.Both double rooms were tiny and we had to ask for extra towels.No tea/coffee facilities.We paid an extra $25 dollars for packing our car.Our only major minus of the hotel was ...it was soooo NOISY.All of us didn't get much sleep.Maybe the hotel should consider triple glazing the windows!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>KerryDurango
<Content>nightmare!!!!!!! Worst hotel i ever stayed in. Boutique hotel how are you? It was my worst nightmare of a hotel. From the entrance i knew i had been caught out by web site. Nothing on ground floor only grotty entrance grotty lift and grotty staircase! Reception on 2nd floor. Wow!! Before checking in i even asked could i see the room. Girl showed it to me. Was not impressed with it but after 9 hour flight needed a lie down. Certainly not up to standards! We even washed bathroom floor ourselves! It was filty! Booked trip room - got double bed and bunks - didnt know hotels had bunks.No tea or coffee making facilities. Common kitchen area on 1st floor. Tea towels filthy. No way could one use it. Internet use $2 for 20 min (next door $2 for 1 HOUR. Laurdrette - $3 wash $3 washing powder and $3 dry. Costly! Met up with friends outside hotel and was ashamed to say that i was even staying there. They are local in sydney and could not believe it. I would not even recommend it to bagpackers! Stay well clear if you have any sense!!!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	-1	1	

<Author>Milonotovaltine
<Content>Clean, great location, home like After reading some reviews posted here, I guess I was allocated a quiet spot. The room was odor free and quiet. I rested peacefully.What I like best about this hotel is that their bed linens and towels smell fresh, the shampoo is very good, and clean room. What is slightly disappointing is that amenities were not replaced/replenished.Internet access is only available in the guest lounge, which closes at 10 pm, cold, smells of food. The internet speed is quite slow when there are several people using it.Overall, I am satisfied with my stay and will not hesitate to book again. Although I believe the rate is overpriced.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>SharonCapeTown
<Content>Not a hotel This hotel is misrepresented as a boutique hotel.It is definitly a hostel.Within 2 hours of checking in I check out, after managing to find a room at the Ibis at Darling Harbour.As I have pre-paid through Hotelclub.net, I quite readily forfeited this as 3 nights would have been unbearable!Don't stay there.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>fishie82
<Content>Like trying to go to sleep in the bar of my local pub... The Delux room was tiny, the bathroom was just clean enough. There was a distinct smell of cigarettes in the room (non-smoking hotel). When going to bed, the bed had only one thin blanket on it and the heater did not work. After several attempts to get through to reception to request more bankets, was told I could come down and get them or wait half an hour for her to bring them up.Then spent the next few hours lying in bed, listening to the coversations and crashes and noises from pokies coming from the bar downstairs. The cigarette smell got worse as people who smoked had to go to a little spot underneath our window to do so! The bar closed at 3:00 am.A very sleepless night and when we checked out, the new receptionist was not at all interested in our comments on the room. Not happy Jan! Will not go back for seconds.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>AdelaideNeedmysleep
<Content>Not quite what we had expected We booked this hotel on the basis of it's boutique name badge and the photos on the website. A bit disappointing. Also, the lift was not working when I arrived (following a work conference at the Sheraton - so this was a bit of a let down).The room they gave us could sleep 5 which was a bit of overkill for the two of us. It was so noisy from the traffic noise from the street below that I attempted to close the windows which had been left slightly open. I was really surprised at how dirty I got from touching the inside of the windows - they were filthy. It did, however, cut down on some of the noise but I had to sleep with cotton wool in my ears for the two nights we stayed there.The location is quite convenient, however, due to the types of clubs, etc in the vicinity, we had to walk past some pretty seedy establishments after we had been out for dinner.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>socaltransplant
<Content>comfortable and safe with good rate The room i shared with a friend had a bunk bed and a full size bed. It was more like an upscale hostel than a real hotel, but it was perfect for what we needed - a somewhat central location to stop in and shower, change and sleep between visiting all that Sydney has to offer. The staff was friendly, rooms clean, and fellow travelers fairly respectful when it came to noise. its a younger clientele, but that's to be expected for the price. I would recommend and stay again.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>dallhiss
<Content>Under-whelming I found a disparity between the hotel's exaggerated marketing descriptions ('grandeur,' 'style,' and 'unique') and the actual experience. Yes, the hotel is conveniently located in the CBD/Chinatown area; however, it is also located on a busy, noisy eyesore of a block. My 'deluxe' double was plain, cramped and noisy (from both the street and the stairwell); and with an extended weekend rate of AUD143, not a particularly good value for money.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lome1984
<Content>Good Hotel       View from Outside  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>Megan08
<Content>"Misleading Description "- I agree I agree wholeheartedly with the review Misleading Description Jan 16, 08. I am only sorry I didn't read it before I booked. I asked for a quiet room - what a joke - it was on George Street, the windows were not double glazed, and the street noise was so loud I had to have the volume on the TV almost at the maximum to be able to hear it. I could not sleep, even with earplugs. Below is an irish pub surrounded by 'adult shops'. The building's interior was extremely shabby, with chipped paint, no bedside table or lamp, old worn carpet. I had to pay to have my luggage kept while waiting for my room to be ready. I imagine that Backpacker hostels have better facilities - I would never recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	3	3	3	1	

<Author>urbanwellness
<Content>Better off in a hostel The quality of service that we received during our stay was nowhere near what I would expect from a boutique hotel. In fact, it was below the standard of many hostels that I've stayed in around the world. There were three issues that created problems during our stay, all of which were not resolved when addressed with the hotel manager when informed. First, upon arrival to our room, the air conditioning had not been functioning. Upon informing the staff at reception, they said they'd look into it. Twenty minutes passed, and nothing had been done. When we went in person to the front desk to follow up, the staff member had stated she simply forgot.  About an hour or so later, after getting into bed, we heard the sound of the electronic deadbolt opening. The same reception staff member had let a complete stranger into the room - when realising he was in the wrong room he quickly left. I immediately called the front desk to enquire about why our room door was unlocked for a stranger, the staff member informed me that she had been walking down the hall when the person in question was standing in front of our door stating he didnt have his key and needing to get into the room. Instead of verifying at the front desk, they simply let him in. This created a serious concern for me about how much the hotel staff and management value the safety of their guests and their belongings. What would have happened had we not been in our rooms? The individual would have had access to all our belongings. Finally, when we had checked in, we had requested a wake up call to catch our airport shuttle bus. Luckily we also set our alarms on our mobile phones, since the front desk staff called half an hour late with the wake up call, stating they were Running late. All these instances take the experience beyond being able to be attributed to simple human error, but to serious management issues and resulted in unacceptable levels of customer service.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>Kate070
<Content>An expensive backpackers not a boutique hotel This is not a boutique hotel, but a good backpackers. The 'deluxe' room for a $185 is laughable, the only reason we didn't walk out is that there was literally no other accommodation available. The problems were (i) rooms smelt, (ii) windows fithly, (iii) cigarette burns in bedspread, (iv) fan in bathroom didn't work, (v) apart from soap no tolietries provided (vi) the room's layout extremely awkward with cheap ottomans, furniture and TV set and worst of all the noise from George St. horrific, especially with the window open if you want fresh air. Although, the staff were friendly.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	3	1	

<Author>emah
<Content>absolutely hated this place... This is a really grotty place to stay; we decided on it because its website positions the hotel as a boutique hotel, which we understand to mean small, intimate, with a degree of luxury. Instead, its basically a former hostel that has been turned into a hotel. The first indication of this is that you have to PAY for lockers to store your bags if you arrive before check in; I have never heard of such a thing in all the many places I have travelled before. and those lockers are not cheap either! We paid $185 for a room which we thought was a good price point for a boutique; in return for that we got a tiny box of a room that was completely barren of comfort. dingy paint work, a rattly old window that allowed all of the noise of george street to penetrate. there is no bedside lamp so you have to turn the light off at the door and then stumble in the dark to your bed (bring a torch!). the bathroom was also tiny, with scratchy towels and no toiletries other than a piece of soap. there was one glass shelf next to the tiny sink, but it was on an angle so anything you put on it rolled off and fell on the tiled floor. seriously ick!! bad lighting, a TV that did not work, and no desk finished the furnishings. the lifts are extremely slow so that usually the stairs are the best option. we immediately tried to find another place to stay but Sydney seemed to be completely booked out for this saturday night so we were stuck. i used earplugs to keep the noise out, but woke up at 5.30am with a headache from the roar. we ended up checking out at 7am and heading home to Melbourne early because a nice-lie in was clearly not on the cards. I can not believe that it is possible to charge $185 a night for such appalling accommodation!!! I would not recommend this to anyone; if you are on a budget then go stay at the YHA where you can get your own room for a 1/3 of that price; if you are actually looking for a decent hotel, look elsewhere.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>kaldal
<Content>Tiny rooms, good location Payed through the nose to stay here over New Year's. The hotel is very well located, the rooms are nice and comfy, but extremely small, even the deluxe we had (only difference is a few amenities). Staff was ordinary (helpful enough), and we were bothered with a loud alarm going off three times (the stupid elevator, according to one receptionist).  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>EL_SG
<Content>Misleading description Boutique hotel is an overly generous term for this place. A more apt description would be glorified backpackers hostel. My family booked 2 doubles after being informed that the quad room was not available. On our arrival, we were told we were upgraded to a deluxe room FOC for one of our rooms which we found was large enough to sleep 4! The price difference was rather significant and we were understandably upset cos we were told it was not available on booking. The receptionist at night, who was of asian origin, was very very unhelpful and rude about it. She raised her voice and said there was nothing that can be done about it and rudely instructed us to speak to the manager who will only be in the next morning. All the while, she just sounded very frustrated and kept raising her voice. It was as if she was the customer who was let down in the first place!! She just kept repeating the same answer and refuse to help us clarify our doubts, instead, just pushed everything to the morning.Breakfast offered is a joke. It's charged at AUD$8 or so and consists of a box of dry rations with cornflakes, muesli, a packet of milk etc. A poor backpacker who booked the breakfast option was stunned when handed 3 packs for his 3 day stay and when asked if he was meant to eat in the room, the receptionist just replied (loudly), we do not have a cafeteria belligerently.That said, the receptionist in the morning, a young asian girl, was utterly sweet, helpful and nice. She was far more professional and although had many people to handle, was unfailingly polite and helpful.Rooms wise, there was no closet for the standard room. Neither is there a fridge, tea/coffee making facilities. There was no window as well. Carpets were threadbare and room was plain with no decorations. Room was also so small that there was literally no space to put my luggage. The 'upgraded' room had pipes (the relatively big ones) running through them in the room. The only thing that can be classified as a boutique hotel is the bathroom which was nicely decorated with good water pressure.I have honestly stayed in far better hostels in Sydney before and have a word for people who are attracted to the less than accurate photos on their website. Book at your own risk!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	4	4	1	1	2	

<Author>billybob_22
<Content>Save your money, go to a hostel!!! Booked a four night stay in January in a standard room starting on a Thursday. After checking in with a unfriendly receptionist we went to our very small and very dirty room. Besides scuffed walls, there were clearly hairs in the sheets, make-up on the pillowcases,and holes in the towels. After speaking to the receptionist and requesting either a new room or for our current room to be cleaned, we were told that we had no option but to wait until Monday until the manager came in. We were unable to leave the hotel as they would charge for two nights stay regardless if we stayed there or not. After the first night (using sleeping bags), we went down to request a new room, and were shown what they called a deluxe room but was exactly the same as the standard but with an extra lamp. They also expected us to pay extra for the deluxe room despite the sub standard conditions in our original room. Not wanting to pay more for another low quality room, we stayed in the original room and had the plesant company that evening from a roach climbing down our wall. The only helpful staff member who offered us any aid or apologies was the day manager on Monday. We were compensated for at least part of our stay and he was very apologetic. Overall, this hotel is not worth the money and can be considered a overpriced dirty hostel. The nice website is an extreme misrepresentation of the actual quality of the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>atta79
<Content>Great place in a great location Nice interior, clean rooms, friendly staff, perfect location (very close to Darling Harbour). Best city-hotel in this price category I've stayed at.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Forwardplanner
<Content>The good and bad of the Pensione       Pensione Deluxe bedroom  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Oskar07
<Content>Read Before You Book ! The web-site for this 'boutique hotel' in Sydney looked inviting so my husband and I booked two nights. Take this advice....It has seriously deteriorated since last reviews posted as we found it (Room 210) to be no more than a back-packers doss house. Stained, threadbare carpet; grubby walls; dirty light-switch plates; no headboards or bed-side lights; thin pillows with no innner covers; filthy dirty TV screen; half-defrosted fridge; filthy windows overlooking extremely noisy George St.;( this Haymarket end of George St. is very grubby and seedy) rubbish, dust and torn lining under the beds; cracked glass in wall pictures; had to pay for lockers to leave our luggage. We took photographs, checked out first thing next morning ( they reluctantly refunded one night's payment) and moved to the Philip St. Travelodge which was ten times better and about the same price. I am going to report The Pensione to the Australian Tourist Board as it should carry a health warning! In fact we mentioned it to the Visitor Information in The Rocks ..... they had had similar complaints so had removed it from their lists.You have been warned!!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>oliveanne
<Content>Skip it (unless you're a backpacker) I wish we would have listened to the other reviews but we thought we could tough it out. Only stayed for 1 night (which was always the plan) and we were glad we didn't book for any longer. Starting at the begining- the receptionist was anything but welcoming and friendly. It was a total bother that our presence meant she had to do her job (I think she had been reading or filing her nails or something unimportant). The room was ok, it was small but that's really not a problem. It's truly no frills (no extra blanket or pillow). The biggest annoyance was the bathroom sink, which (i kid you not) was about 4x6. Brushing teeth became an aquatic activity. It really is a nicely (although sparsely) furnished backpacker hotel. So unless you're 18 and hiking your way through Oz, I'd skip this one. Although, I will say the location is good- right on the bus line and walking distance to many areas.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	5	2	1	-1	-1	

<Author>nano0172
<Content>Very poor       The smallest basin we have ever seen  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	2	

<Author>Mysa1962
<Content>Noise Stayed for two nights at the Pensione Hotel, George Street Sydney. Had a room at the front (Georgestreet). Couldn't sleep because of the trafficnoise at night. Traffic goes 24/7. Slept second night slightly better because of the earplugs i had bought. Can not recommend a room at Georgestreet-side.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Travellingman73
<Content>An unpleasant stay. l stayed at the Pensione hotel recently with my mother visiting from South Africa and she correctly likened our room to Nelson Mandelas prison cell on Roben Island. It had one small glazed over window whichlooked onto a landing so we could not open it and the beds were made of grey steel. The woman in reception was extremely rude and accused me of short changing her when I paid for a shuttle bus to the airport.The flashy web site is not a true reflection of the Hotel. I would notstay here again.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>1	4	1	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>AussieinLA
<Content>Okay Budget Hotel I stayed at the Pensione for one night with my partner. Given that it was a long weekend and we got a good rate, hotel was ok. It is a little bit like poking your way around a maze at times, to get to our room we had to go through a few corners, outside, more corners, lift, outside (thought we were lost as there is little signage to rooms) through a fire door to find a hallway, outside again, another hallway, then at last, our room. Rooms are small (as expected) but very clean which is all we wanted for the night. We were told we were 'upgraded'.. I think an upgraded room must simply have bunk beds as well as a double. Room was very noisy at night, we got in at about 1am and it was a saturday night, windows could use some glazing. However, after a while I did sleep quite soundly (or was that the 6 champagnes I had?) either way, it was a little less than expected I must say, but the staff were helpful and friendly. I had been told the room would be read at 12 when I booked, arrived early after a long drive at 11.30 hoping it would be ready but was happy to wait. We were told that the room could be done within 15 minutes... half an hour later we were told it would be done before two but could put our things in the room whilst the cleaner was there. She knew nothing of us leaving our things, told us they would be safe and would lock the door once she finished cleaning the room. We arrived after lunch, to our very clean room, with the door ajar. Wasn't happy about that. What can I say, there were two cleaners employed to work on a long weekend... However, our stay was budget, which was all we were after. Next time though, Id say we will back at the Sofitel. Ps... the elevator was still out of order...  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>dreamtraveller39
<Content>stuck in lift Stayed at the Pensione, room was okay but lift spoilt our stay. The lift was on the blink and we were not told not to use it. The morning of our check out we got stuck in the lift for over an hour and as a result missed our flight. Cost us an additional $580 to get home. The manager wipped his hands of us and blamed everyone else. Offered no compensation and kept passing the resonsibility on. They took our money, so they should of been responsible.Very disappointed with the lack of assisstance, stay at your own peril.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Monkey07Melbourne
<Content>Loud and Cold- don't expect a good nights sleep I stayed for one night in this hotel- great building and rooms were a decent size for the price, and very clean. However, I found it incredibly difficult to sleep, given my room was just above the bus stop, and the noise was amazing- buses coming and going every few minutes until late at night, and then again early in the morning. There was a strong draft coming through the window which was just above the bedhead, so the room was freezing (heater did not help, cold wind blowing on my face all night). The draft was so bad that I could even smell cigarette smoke coming in through the window from smokers down on the ground floor (I was on the second floor). Reconfigure the rooms and put in a little more window insulation, and it would be a great place to stay- until then, I won't be going back.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelCork
<Content>Lovely Hotel This was a lovely hotel for the price. The room was large and very clean and the bathroom was recently redone. It is located within walking distance of china town and the Irish market. It was also very central located (about 20 minutes walk) from the opera house, bus station, quays. There were multiple bus routes available directly outside the hotel door as well.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>WinKz
<Content>Room was never cleaned but Great Location We stayed at the Pensione for 5D4Ns in late April, 2007. We checked into a deluxe room with no problem; check-in  -out process was quick and easy. I was warned the rooms were small, but found that it was surprisingly spacious, with a closet  a bedside lamp (which I was told made the difference between standard  deluxe). Bathroom was indeed on the small side, with the tiniest wash basin i've ever seen... Oh, I don't understand why they can't put up more towel racks or shelves... The biggest problem was that they did NOT clean the room in the 5 days we stayed there. The bed was made, fresh towels provided, but we noticed the bedsheets were not changed and bathroom was not cleaned. This made us think the room was probably never cleaned too. And that made the stay felt very 'dirty'. And this was after we politely reminded the cleaning service lady to clean our room every morning before we left the hotel...Location: Purrfect! It's great, just off Chinatown, easy walk to QVB... We walked from the hotel to Circular Quay, took about 30 mins.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>RosalieSydney
<Content>Ambiance and Service What it promised it delivered. Old world architecture, comfortable room, excellent service, close to all amenities and excellent price. We had a great stay  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>radames
<Content>Overpriced backpackers rather than boutique I checked in to Pensione and checked straight out again! The deluxe room was cramped and dirty. You can ask to have a stained blanket and worn linen changed but ii says something about standards overall. I'm not sure just how bad a standard room would be - maybe a hammock and a hole in the floor? The guest lounge was full of smokers and you have to pay to store your bag until your room is ready. Its not the standard I would expect for the price. However when I offered to pay more (than $A160) for a room more like the photo on the website the receptionist apologised, saying all the rooms were small and those photos were misleading. She indicated that there had been other complaints. And if you change your mind once you see just what poor value it is, you'll be stung a nights acommodation as a cancellation fee. Don't risk it - you can do much better in Sydney for a much lower price - try the Vulcan instead - just up the road, heritage facade, attractive large rooms for $110 and charming staff. They rescued my stay in Sydney for me!!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>ssuPPerrman
<Content>Great Hotel My Husband and I stayed at the Pensione Hotel for two nights. The staff at the hotel were very friendly and helpfull. They were always willing to offer suggestions on what to do and were to go.The rooms were very nicely presented and very clean. I would recommed anyone traveling to sydeny wanting cheap accommodation to stay at this hotel. When I go back to sydney I will be coming back to stay at the Pesione Hotel. Thank You for great service.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Laceytreigh
<Content>Great location We stayed at the Pensione late in 2006 for 2 nights on a quick getaway. The location is excellent, so close to Chinatown and all the great food! Also very handy to the Capitol Theatre, Sydney Entertainment Centre and Paddy's Markets. We felt safe walking around after dark. Our room was small, but adequate, although next time we will request a room which doesn't face George St (the main road). We didn't spend a lot of time in our room, so it wasn't important. We had a lovely breakfast at a 24 hour cafe on the next corner. The common room was large and had cooking facilities. Luggage storage lockers were handy, but the biggest sizes were in most demand and some people seemed to have problems getting one in the size they needed.The staff were very friendly and there were lots of brochures for things to see and do..  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>daveybuk
<Content>Uninspiring but good location If you can get a good price (we paid 115 dollars per night for our three night stay), this hotel is a decent option if your priority is a central location. However, at the rack rates avoid like the plague.Sydney's shops are right on the doorstep making this a very conveniently-located hotel. However, it does not feel like the safest area late at night (the neighbouring bottle shop employs a 'Safety Officer'). Our room was tiny, but clean, modern and air-conditioned. It's a mystery though how it could be described as 'deluxe' - perhaps because it had a bedside lamp? Standard rooms presumably just have a bed and bucket.With its grey corridors and rather functional feel the building does have the air of a good quality backpackers. If you're out and about all the time, then it's a fine choice for location and cleanliness alone. If you value the hotel 'experience' as important to your break, look elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Julianna23
<Content>Upmarket backpackers My partner and I stayed at the Pensione hotel in Sydney for four nights in late august. We had a deluxe room which included tea/coffee facilities. Rooms are very small, but clean. The hotel is right next to Chinatown, which I was a bit wary about at first but liked the area and felt safe there coming back to the hotel after 10. The staff were nice and helpful and I found the atmosphere at the hotel friendly. It did feel more like an upmarket backpackers, especially with the bunk beds that were in our room. The common room is nice and modern, and we ended up going there a few times to use the internet over our stay and the lockers for our luggage on our check out day (fees apply for both services).The monorail and light rail are just around the corner and there's a bus stop out the front of the hotel, so that was good. I would recommend this hotel if your on a budget and want to be close to the city and transport.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>tomcricket
<Content>Good choice On arrival i was greeted by friendly staff who took their time to explain the hotel facilities and help me plan my trip in Sydney.The room was very small (even for a single room). However, it was spotless and the bed was pretty comfortable.I booked the Pensione hotel because of its price and location - and i wasn't dissapointed! All of the city was in easy walking distance and for the price i paid i couldn't have asked for better.I would recommend this to young travellers who want a clean, cheap and centrally located hotel but don't worry to much about luxury.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>EliLena
<Content>Not what I expected... I found this hotel website through other links to Sydney tourism. Looked nice and the location seemed ideal (easy walking distance to all of the sites). When I got there, it seemed more like a youth hostel of sorts? Not what I expected. Rooms were small, but okay, and I did not notice noise that kept me awake. But if I wanted a nightstand lamp, I had to go ask for one. And if I wanted a blanket for the bed? I had to go ask for one. The staff was very pleasant, and I did feel safe at the hotel and in that area of Sydney.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't be my first choice Rooms are very small and are quite noisy (we were at the back of the hotel too) Didnt feel that safe coming and going from the hotel at night, would've have been better to haved stayed somewhere closer in for a few extra dollars.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Location My Husband and i decided that we were going to take a holiday to Sydeny before the birth of our first child.We went to our Travel Agent and they did the whole booking for us we only had to choose the hotel that we wanted to stay in. They showed us a broucher on the Pensione Hotel and we thought that it was the perfect.We arrived at the hotel around 12.30pm. We were able to go strait in to our room, this was great as we were told check in was 2.00pm. The rooms were simple and clean,the bathroom had large shower. When it came to finding great places to eat the staff were the people to talk to, they told us all about the great places in sydeny. They arrange Tours to the blue Mountains and even gave us free drink voucher for the bar down stairs. I Just wanted to say thanks to everyone for making our visit to Sydney a one to remeber  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>muzgetz
<Content>Good deal Nice hotel on the whole. Rooms are a little small but clean. Simple and nice. No frills. Location good but need to walk a bit to the train stations. Good value.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfectly Located, great value! I stayed at the Pensione for a week recently, choosing it because because it could accomodate me and my family when a lot hotels in the city just don't have the rooms to sleep a couple and 3 children, and the kids loved climbing into bunks each night! Another major factor in choosing the hotel was the price, was really suprised to find out that I could get a room for all 5 of us for about 90 pounds a night, such good value for sydney, in fact I struggled to find anything as reasonable anywhere else on our trip.Unfortunately, we arrived in Sydney aparently during some of the worst weather they had had in years. Luckily the people on the reception were always very helpful in giving us lots of suggestions on places to visit on rainy days, and plenty for when the sun came back out too.I really liked the the layout of the rooms and hotel in general, the hotel looks old from the outside but inside the rooms are all newly refurbished and had all the facilities we needed. There was also some nice communal areas where we were able to make some lunch and surf the net. I really liked the old staircase that descended into a shopping arcade and down into chinatown, we thought the location was great, darling harbour with it's quality aquarium so close and only 25 mins walk to the Opera House was not even far for our 4year old!!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would not stay here again DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL if you are planning to sleep while you are in Sydney. Whatever time of day you are planning to catch some ZZZzzzzs you can count on the noise from the traffic outside making this an impossible task. The rooms look totally different in reality to how they are shown on the web site 鈥?small and best described as a glorified backpackers. Attempts were made to rip us off with an $80 smoking in the room charge 鈥?we were not and had to bring the guy from the front desk up to our room to sniff the place out to prove our point. The fine was dropped as a result. Following a second night of attempted sleep, in the morning we tried to shower 鈥?no towels were in our room. We were consequently late for our check out (11am) and were charged a late check out fee for our troubles. Also if you plan to leave your luggage here once you have checked out, you can expect to pay for that privilege also!This hotel is convenient for Darling Harbour, but you can expect a 30 minute walk if you want to visit the Opera House/Circular Key. We won鈥檛 be staying here again 鈥?and recommend that you don鈥檛 either!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly Staff - NIce feel It is hard to remember the last time I felt compelled to actually write something good down about a business - usually I tend to do it when I have something bad to say. This hotel has the best service I have encountered in a long time. Whether it be giving you advice on what to see or how to get some where - ALL OF THE STAFF - are willing to offer you assistance. This was our first trip to Sydney and getting on in age I like to plan things down to the most minute detail. We constantly we at the reception desk asking questions, my wife said I was pestering the staff but not once did I get the impression that I was imposing.On arriving back into the hotel each day we were always greeted with questions about how our day was and this was a fantastic way to share our experiences. In fact the staff were so great we had to take photos to take home and show the family and put in the album as these lovely young people really did deserve to be remembered as part of our holiday.Don't worry about the hotel - its clean and central. The staff are what will make your stay.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Price, Nice Rooms, No probs I was slightly disappointed with this hotel after seeing their website. I think we thought that it would be luxury at a budget price. It wasn't. But it was still nice. Our room was small, and had a fridge. But I did find the fact that there wasn't bed side lamps annoying as you had to turn the big light off and get in bed in the dark! The decor is nice and the bed is quite soft with only one pillow each. I would expect the reception staff would have provided more if we had asked. We didn't have a chair, although the only thing i use a chair in hotel rooms for is to chuck my clothes on. There was a small comfy stool though. There was no wardrobe either, but we lived out of our bags.The $7 breakfast seemed a bargain from their website, but it is just a small box of cereal, a small carton of juice and some milk. I think I had in my head continental at croissants and jam and fresh bread!! We found the hotel to be a 30-35 minute walk from the rocks and 10-15 minutes from darling harbour (we walk quite quickly), but there is a bus stop right outside and nearly every bus goes to the rocks or circular quay. The area is busy at night, but we didn't find it excessively noisy. Out room was quiet and had a window although it was around a courtyard not getting much light. There was a telephone to dial directly into our room although my mum tried calling a couple of times and the line was dead. We did not investigate this any further. We arrived early around midday and our room was ready and we found the receptionist quite helpful. Our room was on the 2nd floor but there were tonnes of steps to carry our heavy bags up. There was a lift but we were impatient and it was quite slow. The bath room was really nice and tiled. Quite trendy. But it was lacking in a tooth brush holder and the shower door nearly came off of it's rails the first time i triend to use it. This was reported to reception. It didn't seem to be fixed during our stay so we just had to be careful opening and closing it.All in all a nice place, clean, comfortable and everything we could need - we only sleep in hotel rooms, there's far too much to do in sydney!  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Location We made the mistake of hiring a car when we arrived in Sydney airport. When we arrived at the hotel it became apparent that the car was going to be more of a hinderance then a help. The hotel location is perfect - it's walking distance to Darling Harbour and the CBD and for anything else there is a bus stop just outside the door.The rooms are very clean and tidy and the bathrooms are very trendy. One thing to note is that whilst the rooms are clean and comfortable they are light on the ameneties - there is a wardrobe, fridge, TV (mounted on a bracket from the roof) tea/coffee, lamp, hairdryer, air conditioning. You can tell this hotel is geared for the traveller that is not intending to spend a lot of time in the room. In saying this there is a great area towards the back of the hotel that is very open with lounges, internet, laundry and small kitchenette with all the crokery and cutlery you would need.We chose this hotel after a recommendation from a friend that stayed just after they opened some 18 months ago. For the money your asked to pay, considering this is a central Sydney hotel, I would stay again. If you are looking at this hotel then please take into account my comments on ammenties. Great if you are on a budget.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Stay Just had a week at the Pensione Hotel Sydney, and consider it one of the nicest and frendlest hotels we have stayed at in over 20 years of travelling, the reception was excellent, service and cleanliness the same, what more can we say??? we give it 5 stars R  J Metcalfe Auckland NZ  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it We arrived in Sydney without any bookings at this hotel and found it by chance looking at the advertising boards in the airport. We only booked one night but when we arrived and checked in we decided that we would stay 6 nights. The room whilst on the small side was very clean, had a nice feel to it and the guest lounge look as though it would give us an opportunity to save some money on breaky by preparing it ourselves. We were on the end of a 6 month world tour and saving money was critical.Over our stay we continually called on the reception staff for advise on what to do and how to do it. Every staff member was great which is suprising as in the past we have found that there are usually some sour grapes in the basket. When we return to Sydney we will definately stay at this hotel again -as we thought it was great value for money and the staff really made it a memorable stay - great way to end a trip that we will remember for the rest of our lives.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>freedomfortwo
<Content>Loved this hotel I can certainly recomment this hotel. It is a beautiful old building, reminding me of old Europe, with a magnificant staircase. The hallways and rooms are very modern, comfortable and clean! We found the beds very good, friendly, helpful staff, clean towels every day if requested, coffee and tea supplies topped up. The only drawback was the street noise! You have to bring your earplugs, otherwise sleep is out of the question. But that can be expected if you book a hotel on the main drag! We had a wonderful three night stay and will stay there again.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This Hostel gives backpackers a bad name All was going fine with my holiday until I encountered this so called Hotel. First off this is not a hotel, this is a hostel. This fact is very obvious when you see the size of your room, the lack of facilities and the dodgy characters that hang around the common room for most of the day sleeping off hangovers. I was completely mislead by the website and I should have researched this hostel a little better. Anyway, any place that charges you to mind your bags for a few hours is always going to be dodgy.I wouldn't go back for a second helping....ever  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Jamsey
<Content>Ok for the Price  Stayed for 11 days and it was OKIt could do with a desk or even a chair in the room.The TV hanging from the ceiling is not too good and as there is no chair you've got to sit or lay on your bed to watch it...........but it's not too often you'll be in the room!The hotel has a great location on George St and Chinatown.I think I'd pay the extra to get a better hotel if I was returning, but it's ideal if you're on a budget and you want to see OZ.ROOM WAS KEPT CLEAN AND STAFF SEEMED TO BE OK ALTHOUGH I DIDN'T REALLY HAVE ANY RAPPORT WITH THEM.I CERTAINLY WOULDNT RUN THE PLACE DOWN AS IT IS VALUE FOR THE MONEY YOU'RE PAYING.IF YOU DO GO ENJOY AS SYDNEY IS A BEAUTIFUL PLACE  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cartman88
<Content>Very basic hotel in great location Stayed here for 2 nights in mid February. If your main concern is location then this hotel is in a great spot within a few mins walk of the following:Sydney CBDCentral StationMonorailChinatownPaddys MarketDarling HarbourStar City CasinoThe room itself cost $100 per night and was very small and very basic - it was ok if you are just looking to crash for the night - but if you plan to spend some time in your hotel room relaxing then it is really lacking - some others have described it as not much better than a hostel which I think is an exaggeration but I can see why they say this.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DON'T BOTHER PARTING WITH YOUR CASH FOR THIS! Mercifully, we only stayed for one night but due to thin walls, appalling cotton wool-filled pillows  ill fitting windows it felt like a week. In hell. With the volume up full.After mentioning all these 'troublespots' to the frosty receptionist (who had asked Was everything Ok with your stay? in the manner of an automatic toll booth wishing you a pleasant journey) he gave us a look and informed us that of course they could have dealt with our problems last night, if we'd only told them.Next we had the audacity to want to arrange an airport shuttle with them (assuming, wrongly, that it may be effortless  competitively priced). When did we wish to leave for the airport, he asked. Early evening we said, how about 7?. Hmmm..our last transfer leaves here (THE CITY CENTRE!!) at 6.30pm. Sized up the alternatives  decided to book. Well, then he had to contact the transfer company  couldn't actually confirm our booking. Oh  the price in the room info pack was wrong, he advised. It's now $2 more..To sum up, an expensive, well located, pretty-pictures-on-the-net hotel which leaves A LOT to be desired  should be driven out of the market by hostels that could do a much better job  treat their customers with a little more respect. AVOID  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Definately Recommend A centrally located, friendly and clean hotel. Very helpful staff. Bus stop outside the hotel and Chinatown and Paddy's markets just around the corner. Would definately recommend!!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, Comfortable Accommodation Really good hospitality. Friendly and charming staff. Really Clean.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A glorified hostel... Our room was a bed and not much else for the same price that other five star hotels charge! It was one floor above busy George Street in Sydney's inner city so sleep was not an option and I was 6 months pregnant at the time!My parents stayed there the same night that we did and their room was in the same position but two floors up from the street - evidently being an extra floor up did not make a difference to their quality of sleep either!!We found the front desk staff to be lacking in customer service and totally incompetent. We were given a different, more basic room than we had booked on arrival, but at the end of our stay we were asked to pay the price of the deluxe suite that we had originally asked for - sorting this out with the staff was a real headache. Next time we will stick to hotels that we know instead of boutique hotels that look great on the internet but in reality are very, very basic and not worth the money that they are charging. We will not stay at The Pensione again and recommend that whoever reads this does not also!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>travelbug69
<Content>Everything we needed We were in Sydney for a 2 night short break. We found this hotel perfectly suited to our needs. Ideally located near to many attractions, shops, theatres, markets, monorail, cafes and restaurants we were able to make best use of our short time in the city. We found the room quite comfortable and the staff very obliging. We made use of luggage lockers, arriving too early to check-in but did not use communal kitchen and lounge area, preferring local cafes.Bathrooms were spacious but we found the handbasin unusually small and not particularly user-friendly. Unlike other reviewers, we had tea and coffee making supplies in our rooms and made full use of this facility.We would definitely stay in this well priced hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing with a capital "A" AMAZING WITH A CAPITAL ''A'' When I booked to go to the Pensione hotel for the first time I was not expecting much since I read the reports on this web site. It was my third time there last week and it keeps getting better each time I return. When I walked in I was amazed. Rodney greeted me with a warm smile and made me feel SOOOOO welcome. I have now met nearly all the staff members but Amanda, Brett, Michelle and Kelly stick in my head and I am delighted to see them each time I return. The rooms are as clean as clean can be and the showers are Huge.The beds were extra comfy! Its B-E-A-U-tiful and I loved the pub down stairs. Due to it just being renovated it looks fabulous! I had a ball and it is in a perfect area. I went to the market nearby and it only took me 5 minutes.Thats how close it is too everything! I don't know how any one could critisize this adorable joint. If you do, I think you are making it up to make this Amazing with a capital A hotel look bad!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sharkboy
<Content>Avoid Despite calling itself a boutique hotel the Pensione is nothing more than an expensive hostel. It is located in a pretty seedy part of town although it is not far from the main tourist sights and shops. There is a busy main road at the front and a noisy bar/pool club below which stays open until the early hours of the morning. The reception is upstairs and closed at night. I paid for a deluxe room but it was small, cold, noisy and barely furnished (just a wire rack to hang clothes on and a chest of drawers). There was a single blanket on the bed (covered in old pubic hairs), no bedside lamp and no chair. The heating mode on the air conditioner did not work. It was almost impossible to sleep. The bathroom was OK with a nice large shower. Unless you are a backpacker you will be very disappointed if not disgusted with this place. Pay a bit more and avoid it.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful We loved our stay. Hotel was very clean and eveyone was wondeful.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FITCHICK711
<Content>Never staying here again!!!! We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights and this was one of the worst hotels we've ever stayed in. Location of reception is not the best at all especially if you are dragging around a few luggages. We were not too happy not having tea and coffee in our room, I was willing to pay extra to have it but was told at reception that they're out of kettles. So off we went every morning to the communal kitchen and a few times I've forgotten to bring the keycard with me and was stuck in the elevator. My mum did exactly the same thing and got stuck between two locked doors at 6am, I find this extremely unsafe and very frightening. We just wanted our morning cuppa without having to think too much and having to get dressed and to remember to bring everything! Not having any glasses, spoons, cups in your room does not help either. You either buy this or hire at reception.I love to read before I go to bed at night but could not do it with this hotel because there isn't any reading light. I would have gladly paid a lot more in a much better hotel and not have to go through all that inconvenience. The only positive thing about this hotel is the location, central to everything and bus stop right in front of the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Gaffer75
<Content>Perfect for exploring We were a bit apprehensive about staying in the Pensione after reading some of the tales on this site, but I do have to wonder what some people expect for the price. The hotel is in an excellent location in George Street. We asked for a room at the back to avoid the noise of the main road. The windows are paper thin and if you like a quiet night make sure your room is not at the front. The rooms aren't big but how much time do you intend to stay in your room when you visit Sydney? A bedside lamp would have been nice rather than just the main light, but any quibbles are minor. I requested an extra pillow and blanket and found the service excellent. Personally I wouldn't bother upgrading to a deluxe room - we stayed in both as we visited the hotel twice and the only extras you get are tea and coffee making facilities and a chest of drawers. Showers are excellent, communal areas for internet and laundry use are superb if you need them and for the money I found this an excellent choice. Clean, modern and friendly.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfectly suited I found this accommodation suited my needs beautifully. The receent renovation work done on the building is in excellent taste.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel but ruined by staff attitude I stayed in the Pensione with 3 friends, for our first 3 nights in Australia. We specifically wanted a hotel in the George Street area, as it is central for everything we wanted. We all really liked the hotel - particularly the decor. My room was directly onto George Street, but the traffic didn't pose any problems (the jet-lag probably adequately ensured we slept well!). Any minor niggles (such as the kettle not working) were quickly fixed. We found the bathroom a good size, with a powerful shower and a hairdrier. The rooms were a little small, but we were only using them for sleeping so it wasn't a problem. The communal lounge was great - internet access and drinks/snack machines as well as a microwave and toaster. Also a good number of lockers to leave our cases as we arrived very early and couldn't check in. We left the Pensione with fond memories. However, this was soured a bit as one of my friends realised he had left his camera films in the room. He phoned immediately and was assured that they would be kept for when we arrived back in Sydney 2 weeks later. Sadly, this was not the case and the receptionist was quite rude when he inquired at the hotel. This is a shame as it soured our otherwise very positive opionion of the Pensione.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>sallyhess
<Content>Pathetic Pension Booked here for my 1st two nights as I was getting in late and it is on George ST. After lugging suitcase upstairs I checked in. Room had not been made up went back down and got another room. It was made up and quieter than one off George St. Do they all have bunk beds in them? I did not like going right from street to elevator as anyone could have jumped into the elevator along with me as it is right on George St with no security,not a great part of the city. I saw no lounge and they were doing work on place when I was there. They need to move reception downstairs so guests can have a safe place to enter 24 hours a day. Also the showers have no shower door or curtain and takes up much to much space in the bathroom they should just add tubs. They need to add a night stand with light, luckily I brought my own clip on light as all they have is an overhead.I don't think cleanliness is a priority here either and the prices are much above what a pensione should cost. I suggest you go to the YWCA on Hyde Park if this is the type atmosphere you are looking for.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The traffic noise was unbearable!!! I specifically asked for a room not facing the road when I booked. However, when I got there I was given a room directly facing George St. The noise was so bad I had to use earplugs to block out the traffic noise to get some sleep. In terms of the room. It was quite small. The bathroom was clean. In the bathroom they had soap and a hairdryer but was not provided with a shower cap or shampoo/conditioner. In the room itself there was tea/coffee, kettle, small closet (with clothes hangers), clock, bedside table, small fridge and tv (with cable). It would have been nice to have a lamp beside the bed as the only source of light was the bathroom light and the light in the middle of the room.The airconditioner was hard to control. Sometimes it would switch on and off and remain off. So in the middle of the night it would get cold because the heater was off. Perhaps better instructions on use of the airconditioner would have been good.The location was quite convenient though. It was about 10 minutes walk to central station. Probably about 15 minutes walk to Pitt Street Mall. A bus stop was just outside the hotel. Behind the hotel was the Chinatown district so finding something to eat was always handy.I personally would not stay here again because of the traffic even though the location was good.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>C-C-C-Cold A tip for those staying at the Pensione in winter: ask for extra blankets when you check in. Beds are made up with only a single, thin blanket, and that won't help you if your bed happens to be placed against the window, with cold air rushing onto your face from under the curtain. We had to get up in the middle of the night to push the bed into the middle of the room, and to put on our street clothes, just to get warm enough to sleep. Yes, the rooms have heaters, but they don't go over a fixed temperature, and the themostat seems to be high up the ceiling, because it was still freezing at bed-height.When we recounted our shivering night to the receptionist, and suggested a gesture on their part might be in order, we were told that's the product we offer. Sure, we could have roused the night manager at 3am to demand more blankets, and the Pensione was under no obligation to give us a refund, but their failure to even offer an apology seemed churlish and, well, cold.Also, a note on parking. We were informed by the Pensione that we could get discounted parking at the nearby Carlton Crest for $15 for 24 hours, with every subsequent hour $5. We picked up our car seven minutes after the 24 hour mark, and were charged $24.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place to stay!! We recently returned from Sydney, Australia. We had no plans made for accodomations as we decided to see the hotels for our self and make our decision upon arriving. The city was busier than we had expected. We had a few difficulties initally but just happen to come along the Pension Hotel.We were very pleased with our acomodations there.The rates were in our range. The hotel was very clean. We can be fussy people so cleanliness is a must. The service was excellent. If you are wanting to venture the city of Sydney and would like an affordable, nice comfortable hotel to stay in, then the Pensione Hotel is the place for you. It even has a common kitchen, laundry, balcony area were you can meet some of the other guests and converse with them. It was also very clean. The hotel has a European feel and has been recently completely renovated.If you do visit the Pensione, say hi to Rodney. He was very pleasant, patient and helpful.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a mix of opinions! I've just arrived back from Sydney after a 3 night stay in this hotel. Having read the mixed reviews before departing I was somewhat aprehensive about my stay (but also forewarned).I needn't have worried. The hotel is slap bang in the centre of Sydney, everything is within walking distance. Insist on a room at the back of the hotel  away from George St. This was one of my fears as George St is Syndeys main street. I was in luck as my room was perfectly quiet. Small rooms, no joking. My room had a queen sized bed, fridge  nothing else. No wardrope is a bit bizarre but as I was only there for a few nights I was fine. As the room was small, it may appear very cramped if more than 1 person. My only problem was the lighting. The room was poorly lit but the bathroom fine! The lounge looked ok but I never used it. The staff were also fine but again I'd had little to do with them.All in all I was happy. It cost $115 a night  having read the negative reviews I had been expecting the worst. It's much more comfortable than a hostel but it's not 5* luxury.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bioempress
<Content>crappy i stayed at the pensione not long after it opened. i was taking my 13 year old neice to a concert and thought it would be better to stay in town rather than take the 45 minute trip home in the dead of night. i picked the pensione because at the time it was the cheapest hotel close to the entertainment center. i dont have a credit card prefering to pay for everything in cash. when booking i asked about this and they said it was fine and that i could use my partners to make the booking and make my final payments in cash when checking out. after going to the airport to pick up my neice, i dragged her suitcase up along george street where i was greeted by the out of order lift forcing me to carry the suitcase up a couple flights of stairs to reception. i was then informed that i needed a credit card to check in to cover any incidentals. by then i was not too happy so had a hissy fit and told her about what i was told when i booked. after about 20 mins of disscussing the matter (most of which she spent happily checking in other guests), she finally took down my licence details and put me in the flight risk room right next to the check in desk, where i had a bed, a colour tv with 2channels, and not much else. the room was cramped, smelt musty and was niosy due to the george st traffic and people checking in. over all it was crappy and although i suited my needs ithink i would rather have saved my money and risked getting a needle in my --- at one of the hotels near central.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THe worst hotel I have ever stayed in - no service, unauthorised charges I would like to complain about the lack of service, the cramped and noisy room, the overcharging, and the extremely unhelpful and inhospitable attitude of the staff of the Pensione Hotel Sydney that is managed by the Pacific Hotels, and Tourism Hotel and Leisure Ltd. I have stayed in many hotels ranging from backpackers鈥?place to five star hotels, and the Pensione hotel has been THE worst experience I have ever had with any accommodation provider.This is one hotel that I WILL NOT recommend to anyone. We checked in on 5/3 and booked for five nights and intended to stay for five nights. On the second night we stayed there, we came back at 10:30pm and were locked out. All the keycards given to us (3 of them) did not work. We went down to reception and there was no one there. We rang the number given and explained the situation and asked the guy on the phone if he could come and let us in. He refused to and insisted that we had to go to where he was, the Pacific Apartments, or some similar names, and see him first. Exhausted and unhappy and had no idea where to find the place, we wandered around the street and finally found it. The place we were supposed to go to was nearby. But when it鈥檚 late at night and you have been working the whole day, things just seem to be a lot harder.When we finally got there and saw the guy, he asked for my name, pulled out a guest list, checked our name in it and tell us he鈥檇 send someone up to unlock the door. We were furious! He could have very easily checked the guest list when we were on the phone and sent someone down instead of making us going all the way to where he was. That would have saved us a lot of hassles, especially at that time of night after a long day. Especially that it was the hotel鈥檚 faults that we could not get into our rooms in the first place! This is not hospitality. We found it unacceptable that the hotel did not have someone on duty on premise. We found it an outrage that the person who is off-premise made our life difficult and made us go to him when he could have easily saved us from that!To add to the negative experience, my room mate went out of the room that night. She asked me to keep the door open as we were not re-issued the keys. However, she ended up getting stuck in a corridor between two doors which were locked 鈥?because her keycards did not work she could not open either door. She was panicked and did not have her phone with her. I do not know what would have happened if not for a guest who saw her and let her in. This is a serious health and safety issue. What if my roomate had a heart attack or asthma attack there in the locked corridors, without being able to get out or anyone knowing about it?On top of all that, the first night we stayed there the bed was not made and the floor was not vacumed. We informed the staff about the floor and the bed. Yet, the second night when we came back, one of the beds was again not made. And all the time, the room was extremely noisy. It was also small and cramped. The next morning, we called the Pensione hotel and talked to a woman named Amanda who said she was the owner of the hotel. We were dismayed at her unprofessional handling of the situation. She was totally unsympathetic and had a 鈥淚 do not care鈥?attitude. There was no trace of any interest to find out why we were so upset and what they could have done better, like any other hotel manager would have. So we checked out at 9am that morning (March 7 2005). When we were checking out, we were informed that the hotel will charge us another night due to their 鈥?4 hours cancellation policy鈥? We did not agree for two reasons. First, there was no written record, nor were we informed of this 鈥榗ancellation policy鈥?when we checked in, or when we stayed there, or on any promotional materials, or on any other materials given to us. Second, 鈥榗ancellation policy鈥?protects the hotels against 鈥榥o show鈥? We were not 鈥榥o show. We were forced to leave at a very inconvennient time (around the Mardi Gras period when hotel rooms were very hard to come by in Sydney) because of the unacceptable service and room.After arguing back and forth with Amanda without getting anywhere, we had to leave as we were very late for an appointment with our client at an important trade fair that we went to Sydney as exhibitors. Upon coming back to Perth, we found out that the Pensione tried to claim $920 on my credit card while the room for the 2 nights we stayed should have been $340! It just got worse when we thought we already experienced the worst in customer service and everything else! I strongly advise you to stay away from the Pensione Hotel and possibly ALL other hotel managed by the Pacific Hotels, and Tourism Hotel and Leisure Ltd.I have complained to them and shall inform you of the results.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, comfortable and friendly... We stayed at The Pensione Hotel in March for 13 nights, everytime we came back from our daily adventures we found that the staff were more than eager to listen. My partner and I stayed in a standard double room which we found to be small but extremely cosy, the guest lounge was great for us to relax in at night and to chat to other guests staying in the hotel. As an older couple we found the Pensione to be great value for our money and we would definetly be staying there again on our next trip to Sydney...  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly service great location We stayed for 2 weeks the first time and 10 days the second time. The first time was not long after the hotel opened - October last year and the 2nd was only a week ago. We're off to Perth now. The 1st time we stayed we had what I think was called a standard room. The room was on the small side but very clean and comfortable. None of the other facilites were opened but it didn't matter because you have everything you needed within walking distance.The 2nd time we stayed we were upgraded to what was called a deluxe room - larger then the room we had before and it also had some other features like tea/coffee, a wardrobe and side tables. The lounge area was opened and looked great - We were able to get on the internet, cook a meal and also wash some very dirty clothes. The cafe had opened downstairs so we were able to grab something light and easy for breaky.Probably the most enjoyable aspect of both our stays was the staff. Always ready to help or offer advice. One of the housekeeping staff gave us some great tips on what to see in the Blue Mountians and the Hunter Valley - local knowledge really helps. Reception were able to book tours or transport and help with advice on what restaurants to try and what ones to avoid.Overall we think you get great value for money. Reading some of the recent reports makes me wonder what people expect for around $100 bucks a night?? Rest assured we will be back there after we sample Perth and WA. Look out for our reports from there. If we find some great cheap places we will share it with you.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>friendly and central   showReview(3296146, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Pensione Hotel   showReview(3292003, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nic78London
<Content>More Hostel than hotel   showReview(3289172, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not too bad but....   showReview(3284212, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing   showReview(3281996, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One Of The Best   showReview(2999397, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommended - I've stayed twice!!   showReview(2947463, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for the price   showReview(2867125, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great comfort and value!   showReview(2839183, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>luxury budget hotel in the heart of sydney   showReview(2786628, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rudisa
<Content>Hotel bien situ茅 en centre ville   showReview(21189294, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>knallfrosch
<Content>Bruchbude ohne jeden Komfort, schlechtes Backpackerhostel   showReview(20416598, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	2	2	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zimmer zur Stra脽e viel zu laut   showReview(16600218, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Lanzarote-M盲dchen
<Content>Lausig!       Badezimmer, keine Abstellfl盲chen  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓€浜烘梾銇伅銆併仭銈囥仯銇?..   showReview(19169073, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Juanitorun
<Content>A 茅viter   showReview(8379878, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	1	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>Christine1970
<Content>Niemals wieder!   showReview(5902135, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫儔銉嬨兗瑕冲厜銇渶閬?#x201d;   showReview(19157951, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

