<Author>raf89
<Content>Recently Refurbished, Just a Bit Noisy I was looking for a central hotel, reasonably priced and yet pleasant enough and I was not disappointed. The problem is that I was given a really noisy room, overlooking the Piazza, so I suggest that when you book you mention the fact that you need a quiet room on the other side. The breakfast was fine and the staff nice and helpful. It is indeed very close to the Railway Station, which means that it takes about 15minutes to walk to the Duomo. Not far, but I would not recommend it for elderly tourists who enjoy walking around in the evening.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	5	3	3	

<Author>samwj
<Content>Nothing special but still good I stayed at this hotel only for 1 night with my husband and 9 year old son on our month long tour around Europe. It was refreshing to walk into a hotel and have the staff speak perfect english, good enough to joke around with. Check in was easy and the staff organised to have our car parked immediately!! The location of this hotel is excellent, walking distance to everything. The breakfast was also good, the standard european breakfast but still nice. We all had the juice and it was fine... Rooms were clean and most importantly the shower was clean. I had no problems with this hotel, it was recommended to me by my sister inlaw and i certainly wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>allthenamesweretaken
<Content>Basic and Bare Having read the reviews on tripadvisor and seen the hotel website we decided to book the Caravaggio. I wish we hadn't and instead gone with the Castri next door...Oh the hotel wasn't horrible but compared to the 3 star we had just stayed in , in Rome, it was a big letdown.The first room we were given was right on the street front and was very noisy. We lasted 5 minutes before we went down to reception to request a quieter room. This we were given but it was right next to the lift so still noisy at times (hint - the lift buttons for the 3rd floor are a little dodgey - press the '3' button at the 6 o'clock position to make it work!). The tiled floors everywhere don't help as everyone's wheeled bags go clackity clack clack on them at all times of the day or night.Our new room was set up as a twin stay rather than a double, and it took the staff 3 nights before they finally pushed the beds together and re-made them with double sheets and covers. We still had a pair of single mattresses underneath but at least it was better then. The bathroom was a marvel of compact design!Positive points about the Caravaggio are the breakfast which has very nice cereals and croissants etc (avoid the juices though and stick to tea), the little garden down the back of the hotel, and the provision of English - language newspapers in the foyer/pool bar, the spectacular view of the cathedral out our window in the third floor, and excellent location to most of what you want to see in Florence.(More..) Negative points would include the aforementioned juice at breakfast which is horrible, the mosquitoes at night (they provide an electrical plugin repeller each day), and the noisy floors. There is also a restaurant backing onto the garden out the back and I can't for the life of me work out why the Caravaggio owners haven't made some arrangement and kick-back for hotel patrons to access this restaurant directly through the locked gate in their garden!Most dramatically is the attitude of one of the duty concierges. We decided to leave a day early than we had previously booked for as we'd had enough of Florence after 6 days. When we went down to inform the reception of this (a good 48 hours before we were due to leave - their terms of service only require a 24 hour notification - as stated on their own website) the duty concierge said he didn't know if that were possible and that we may be charged for the pre-booked room anyway! This degenerated into a yelling match - started by the concierge! - in the middle of the reception in front of other hotel patrons! He only calmed down when we said we'd write a review on the internet about his behaviour. (Well mate, here it is! ...!) Despite any good points the Caravaggio may have, THIS incident swore us off the hotel for evermore! As it was we checked out a day early anyway, and we weren't charged for the extra day as initially threatened. The other duty concierges though were pleasant and friendly.Best kept secret of the Caravaggio is the little cupboard you pass as you enter the breakfast room. This is where the staff put all the abandoned novels and books they find in the rooms and if you're after some holiday reading then have a rummage around in here for something. There are books in a variety of languages but it's beggars choice when it comes to what is actually available at any moment by title. I picked up a book which I read off and on for the remainder of my holiday and I eventually took it with me to finish off on the plane home.Overall a basic and bare hotel with a nice breakfast room, good location but decidedly 'iffy' staff.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>mariabf87
<Content>GOOD HOTEL EXCELLENT LOCATION Florence Italy, Hotel Caravaggio[-]Like the other reviews we were not disappointed. The rooms in the back were quiet. The location was great. Very close to the market place and many restaurants listed in Rick Steves. The train was 10 minutes away and the bus was right outside the hotel. There is a small Restaurant next door that has great pizza!The breakfast at the hotel was one of the best throughout our 17 day trip.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Vanessa97Belfast
<Content>Loved Caravaggio! Would stay again!!! Having checked out the reviews in Trip Advisor, I booked a triple room in this hotel for my 2 female friends to celebrate a 50th birthday party.On arrival, we were greeted at reception by Guisepe - what a warm-hearted, friendly guy! He went out of his way from the start to make us all feel welcome (nothing to do with our stunning looks, of course!) Our room was spacious, comfy and quiet and had part of a view ot the Duomo (one tip - ask for room at the back of the hotel, with a view).The Hotel was really central, only a 10/15 min walk to the train station, close to the markets and many of the attractions.I would highly recommend this hotel and will def be back!Carmel, Belfast  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IncognitoV
<Content>Very nice hotel, great location We stayed at this hotel for one night and had a wonderful stay. It is very well located, walking distance from the train station and most of the attractions. We had a view of the square which was very nice. The room was quite large and clean. Every thing worked, the fridge, CNN and all. The breakfast was one of the best in the 3 hotels we stayed while in Italy. Lots of selections to choose from. The staff was really nice and helfull. Having access to the Internet right there was a plus, although they are suppose to charge for it, they did not in our case nor did they charge for the 2 bottle of water we took from the mini bar. If ever back in Florence, we would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SussexSmiths
<Content>Very Nice       leaning tower  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sgphipps
<Content>Loved Hotel Caravaggio       View from my room, #302  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Agathalina
<Content>Basic The hotel reception was very informal.Even when the room was large and quiet, the amenities were minimal (broken fridge, decoration awful and the television very old)Breakfast good but In general, I would never recommend it  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	2	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>Lemster
<Content>Loved Hotel Caravaggio Stayed for five nights (May 2008) with my husband and college age daughter. Very good value. We stayed in a triple room facing the street and park. Although there was some noise from the street, it was somewhat muted by closing the windows. Fortunately the air-conditioning worked very well which kept our room comfortable. The room was very large with plenty of space for our three pieces of luggage. The bathroom was well appointed and immaculate. It did not have a shower curtain on the tub/shower so, even with care, the water splashed out of the tub. Fortunately there was a drain on the bathroom floor for the over splashes. Again, no face towel so if you use one bring your own. They have wireless internet available in the room. The location is a short walk to the Duomo and Accademia but a little farther walk to the Ponte Vecchio area. There are several good restaurants on the same side of Via Nazionale toward the train station. Also on Via Nazionale within a few blocks is a grocery store and self serve laundry. The staff who spoke English were pleasant enough. We didn鈥檛 have the opportunity to ask for too much assistance from them so I can鈥檛 speak to that. We did not frequent the small bar and outdoor patio area. The breakfast room was very pleasant and well appointed. The buffet breakfast was good and satisfying. The train station is within walking distance. Unlike other reviewers, we had no trouble walking to the train station on Via Nationale with our rolling suitcases. Save yourself the 15 E taxi ride and walk. Directions from station to hotel: Exit to the left upon leaving the train tracks. Cross the street at cross walk and head right, passing a McDonalds. At the corner turn left and stay on this street. It becomes Via Nazionale. Continue for about 3-4 short blocks. When you reach the park (Piazza Della Indipendenza), Hotel Caravaggio will be on the right side of Via Nazionale (as you are walking) across from the park. Would definitely return. See my other reviews on Hotel Apollo, Rome and La Locandiera, Venice.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Al_Q2007
<Content>Nice Hotel - Too Bad Florence is Overrun With Toursits/Students The Hotel Caravaggio is a 10 mintue walk, straight up one street, from S.M. Novella train station. We stayed here for three nights in June 2008, 2 adults and 2 teenagers in a huge room with the biggest bathroom I've seen in Europe - now just to clarify, the room was handicapped traveler friendly hence the large area, but since it was at the back away from street noise (which you should ask for as others point out) it was perfect; AC worked well and you'll need it in summer n Florence. Their breakfast room is lovely (see picture on web site) and breakfast selection was great. Leonardo was helpful and friendly at the front desk. Only problem was Florence itself - completely overrun with tourists and has become a haven for students and American punks. This, along with overpriced entry fees for every church and museum and no good city pass leads me to discourage a long stay in this town. Use Florence as we did, home base for trips to nearby towns in Tuscany such as Siena and Pisa.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>CanadaJoss
<Content>Clean, good location --but noisy The hotel is in a good location near the train station and within 5-10 minutes walk to the Mercato Centrale and the Duomo. The rooms are small but clean. However, it is noisy.If you are at all sensitive to noise, then it is very important that you get a room in the back of the hotel. We stayed in the front and the traffic and other street noise was very loud. I had earplugs and it was still difficult to sleep (I have spent hundreds of nights in hotel rooms around the world for business and leisure travel so I do have some good comparisons).I asked to change rooms (or even hotels) and the staff were not very sympathetic saying that it is a 'city hotel' and that they would charge me a cancelation fee if I moved hotels (48 hour cancelation policy).  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>GlendaMay
<Content>Fantastic little hotel Had a wonderful 2 nights in Hotel Caravaggio. This has to be one of the best small hotels I have ever encountered in a European city. The staff were so friendly and helpful. Breakfast was lovely. Our room was spotless. Location was great - 5 min walk from train station, 10 minutes from shops and sights. What a bargain - highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mochataz
<Content>Nice, Quiet Hotel, within walking distance to activities Although this hotel can be a bit hard to find.. (we highly recommend taking your GPS).. it is a great little hotel. The rooms were very clean, the beds were comfortable.. it has very good air conditioning. The bathrooms are a good size and very clean. This hotel has a small cafe, with seating outside, really nice for a cup of espresso. They also have great views of the Duomo. Although, you may not get all the convienences of a large hotel chain, you really feel like you're getting an authentic italian experience at Hotel Caravaggio. This hotel is within walking distance of almost all the major attractions. Although I highly recommend renting a scooter.. fyi, you can rent scooters online before your trip, if you don't and you're travelling during the busy time, you might be out of luck.My husband and I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SwissItaly30
<Content>Great value We got a wonderful price for three nights at the Hotel Caravaggio (less than whatwe paid for 1 or 2 nights in other cities). Our room was in the front of the hotel, but the noise at night was minimal. By morning we did hear the traffic, but we wanted to get up anyway--no use sleeping in while in Florence! Room was a decent size and clean. The breakfast was very good with plenty to choose from. Location was fine. Short walk to all attractions. We had a car we had to park in the garage and it cost us 25 Euros a night, but we were glad we had the car to visit some of the hill towns.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>emb73
<Content>Good clean hotel we stayed at the Hotel Caravaggio for 2 nights. Its within walking distance of the train station and major sights. Breakfast was good. The room was clean and the staff were helpful and overall an enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Cloud9west
<Content>A Room With A View Booked this hotel through their web site after many recommendations online and it did not disappoint. The street in front is busy and noisy so getting a back room is essential and worth every penny. We had an incredible view from our room of the Duomo and a lovely courtyard. The room was simply appointed, extremely clean, with a good bathroom (with towel warmer), an excellent breakfast buffet in the morning, and an overall first rate, helpful and friendly staff.This hotel is a 3 block walk from the train station so it鈥檚 convenient (though the street has narrow sidewalks and is swamped at rush hour), but it鈥檚 close to everything (Michelangelo鈥檚 鈥淒avid鈥?being only a few blocks away). There are a ton of places to eat nearby (from cheap to posh), pharmacies, a supermarket, etc. For the money, this 3 star gem was just wonderful and is highly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MaltaMalteser
<Content>Convenient This hotel was just what we were looking for, the staff were very friendly and they all spoke in English. Th breakfast was good, the maids did their job well, and it was very close (10mins walk away) from the train station (SMN) and 5 mins away from the Duomo. I went there with my boyfriend and although the atmosphere isn't romantic it was still very nice. it was well priced too. I was there over New Years Eve and the price literally doubled on the 31st and 1st for accomodation but that's to be expected everywhere. i would definitely recommend this hotel, and although the road it's in isn't exactly pretty there's a supermarket down the road and a square with trees and a merry - go - round right opposite, so when you're looking for it remember it's opposite Piazza Independenza.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>SargeantGarcia
<Content>Hail to the Jacuzzi!!! If you read JM Scotland's review, I met him while I was there. Leonardo and company do a great job of providing information.The room was fine, and I would agree that a room in the back was probably a better choice regarding noise. Also, we had a great view of the Duomo, as it is lit up at nite. If booking at this hotel, and you are going to be walking a lot during the day, I highly recommend choosing a room that has a jacuzzi tub. I used it every nite, and it made all the difference getting me ready for the next walking day!There are a couple of restaurants right on via Nazionale (same side of the street) that we sampled, along with a Chinese Restaurant. Nothing like Chinese who speak fluent Italian. Prices were all reasonable.The hotel is also close to the San Lorenzo market where you can buy all sorts of stuff. Be prepared to bargain. I'm glad I had my wife with me, as i let her take the lead. By the time she was finished with the vendors, they gave her what she wanted just to get rid of her!Something interesting to do...i went to the Duomo for an 8:30 AM mass.It was about 25 minutes in length. I am NOT Catholic, but wanted the experience. The sound of 13 priests speaking/chanting in Italian resonated throughout the entire Cathedral. That was a memory in itself!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IKB
<Content>Well worth considering       View from our room window  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>JMScotland
<Content>Very good value hotel This hotel was a great choice. It has very good facilities at a reasonable price; a hearty breakfast; friendly staff and an ideal location - generally quiet. Only a short walk from the railway station (but recommend a short bus ride to the door as the pavements are very narrow and pitted when pulling a case). Ask for a room overlooking the garden. The large front rooms have a good view of the lovely square but you have to be used to some traffic noise. It is situated within walking distance of all the main attractions. It does not have a restaurant. If you wish to avoid some of the tourist traps, eat at a friendly little restaurant two blocks away from the hotel in 33A Via San Zanobi. The Trattoria San Zanobi is family run, very good value and attentive service. The Italiens were eating there - a good sign! We went back there a few times.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beer2go
<Content>Excellent location to discover Florence Great little hotel not very far from train station. Comfortable room, though shower was a bit small. Excellent location for walking around exploring. Very helpful staff, particularly when trying to get museum reservations. Would suggest getting a room at the back of the hotel; ours was at the front and had some traffic noise at night, but not too bad. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>stpdls
<Content>Great Hotel Hotel was at least ten minutes walk from the train station. The room I had was large and facing the backyard, so it was really quiet. Bathroom was large and clean also. Breakfast was just average. Staff was very helpful. All the major attractions were within walking distance. There was a self-service Laundromat on the same street next block. Very convenience when you were on a long trip.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SmileyToronto
<Content>Great Hotel, Slightly iffy location My husban and I spent 4 nights at the Caravaggio. The hotel is about 10 minutes walk from the train station. Like most european cities, the immediate areas around train stations are colourful.We didn't feel unsafe but by no means do you feel central to all the attractions etc. The hotel itself was great! We asked for a room facing the back and this is key... the street noise at the front was fairly high and if you are a light sleeper like me... do yourself a favour. OUr views were beautiful, we'd wake up looking at the duomo. It was a 15-20 min walk to central florence. Right around the corner from St. Lorenzo's market. Be sure to buy leather here.... it is well priced, if you pick your leather well and don't forget to BARGAIN.Good buffet breakfasts, with a fair variety. Overall, we would recommend it....  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>harblinger
<Content>Little Gem - great location This hotel is a proper gem in Florence. So easy to find and within very easy walking distance of just about all the major attractions (about 5 mins from train station, 10 mins from Duomo), as well as loads of great trattoria, would stay here again without hesitation. Rooms aren't huge but are comfortable, immaculately clean and the staff are really friendly and helpful (all speak excellant English).Breakfast in the bright breakfast room is basic but more than enough to start your day and the pastries are fresh and very tasty.If you can, get a room on the back of the hotel, it's quieter and imagine my delight when I opened the shutters on our room and caught a glimpse (albeit through a tree) of the Duomo and the Campanile! It's not vital but is a small cherry on the cake.Hotel doesn't have it's own restaurant but the pasta house next door does a brisk trade and is perfect if you want a good quick meal (we managed to have a 2 course meal in 40 minutes which is almost unheard of in most restaurants in Florence). But don't mistake cheap with rubbish, the food here is surprisingly good and they are open till about 10:30.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KittoUK
<Content>A smashing little hotel - would recommend! The hotel is conveniently located about a 5-10 minute walk from Florence's main Santa Maria Novella rail and bus station and is about a 10 minute walk from the Duomo. We were a bit worried when walking along the street where the hotel is located as it was really busy and noisy, however, this is not the case when you are at the hotel. The hotel has double glazing which cuts out all the noise.All the staff at the hotel were really friendly and very welcoming. Our room was excellent - very modern and clean with aircon. We asked for a quiet room with our booking, and that's exactly what we got! The hotel also has a bar and a small courtyard at the back which we sat out in each evening with a glass of wine.Breakfast was fine - continental syle. We would definately stay here again. I would recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KMGBOS
<Content>Clean and Friendly! Loved this Hotel! We loved this hotel. We arrived exhausted from a daunting flight to be welcomed by a wonderful host who spoke English, and was very helpful. Our room was small, like most European hotels but clean, and we had a view of the Duomo. The walls where a little thin but we didnt have any problems with the noise. Once we unpacked we went downstairs with our map and he showed us how easy everything was to get to from our hotel! We had a lovely time, walked a lot, we did not love Florence but we did love this hotel and hte breakfast was very good also.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>BostonMATraveler
<Content>Nice Hotel, Convenient Location My husband and I recently spent 3 nights here while we were in Florence. The hotel is close enough to the train station to walk to it. Florence is not that large, so we had no problems walking the entire city from our hotel.The room was nice - we had a view of the Duomo from our window. The staff was friendly and helpful, and there is a nice outdoor area with tables, which was nice in the evening (although make sure to bring insect repellent!!!).  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>HollandJen
<Content>Caravaggio was a great choice! My husband and I only had one night in Florence and we picked the Hotel Caravaggio. What you read in all the positive reviews here is absolutely accurate. The staff were friendly and very helpful. There is a small garden in the back also which is the prefect oasis from the hectic pace of the city. The location is superb with many wonderful sights within a 5 to 10 minute walk. I would stay here again - no question!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>momlovesitaly
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Price       hotel room  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>DaisyBT
<Content>Would not stay at the Caravaggio I booked this hotel based on trip advisor reviews and it was a mistake. Trip advisor reviews say that it is centrally located, but it is located on the outskirts of Florence near the train station. The area appeared dodgy to me, but I am no expert and most of Florence seemed safe. This place did not meet our expectations and the management was unfriendly upon our arrival. They quickly checked us in without even looking at us and told us to leave our passports at the front desk and to pick it up when we came down. When we arrived in the room, we noticed a musty/moldy odor. The room was simply furnished with old furniture, small, and dark with one tiny window that looked out to a wall. I felt extremely claustrophobic. I quickly checked out the bathroom and it wasn't much better. We quickly decided we could not stay here and be comfortable. The management was very rude and yelling at us as we told them we didn't feel comfortable here and the smell was unbearable. They made us pay for several nights stay which I am currrently disputing (we booked for 4 nights). I would not book a stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>FlorenceTravels
<Content>This place is the worst!! Do not believe the good reviews of this place. We booked here based on the reviews. It is disgusting with a musty smell. The location is not good. There are many more central hotels than this one, at a similar rate, and much cleaner and furnished better. It is also located in a bad area near the train station, and as I said, this is NOT centrally located. The management is even worse, very rude and unhelpful. If I could give this zero stars I would. I think they write their own reviews.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>allisonleigh01
<Content>Bad location, paper thin walls, but cheap and decent breakfast My husband and I walked about six miles a day in Florence, seeing all there was to see in two and a half days. At night we were exhausted,, and needed a good night of sleep. The walls were paper thin, and we were woken up late at night every night we stayed there with people coming in. It wasn't abnormal noise, just our neighbors talking at a normal volume and laughing, heels clicking in the hall. Everything seemed to have the volume turned up to max because the walls were so thin, and I can sleep though Armageddon. The breakfast was decent, and the staff was helpful. The location seemed a little run down, with the street called Hotel Ave., or something like that. Overall, it wasn't terrible, but we'd pay 15 Euro more a night to stay in a much better hotel in a better area of town if we could do it over.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>busybeeManchester
<Content>Great hotel Just come back from a trip to Florence with five friends and stayed at The Caravaggio, excellent value. The hotel is very central for the train station and all the wonderful sights of this city. The staff were friendly and helpful, the rooms clean and very pleasant and the breakfast was more than adequate. The only small fault was the rooms at the front of the hotel were rather noisy because it is sited on a busy road so maybe ask for a room at the back of the hotel but other than that I could not recommend this hotel highly enough, great value for money.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>toonsteve
<Content>Very Good Indeed My girlfriend and I came here after four days in Venice. We loved the hotel. It's not plush and posh but it's very good. The room was spotless and (for Italy) spacious and the breakfast was a good buffet selection. The staff are very helpful and cheerful. Thankfully none of them seem to know how to make a gin and tonic so I had about half a pint of it each night for 6 euros!The location is good. Turn left and left again for Duomo (10 mins). But don't miss out the train station area (as we nearly did) which is good for food. The hotel is in very good location for the station and the sights and is very good value for money indeed.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Malaga.Spain
<Content>Charming hotel and superb staff This is the best hotel to stay in Florence. It has a great location within walking distance to all the main monuments and the station.We had a lovely room with Duomo views, very confortable bed, good size and nice decoration.The hotel has a nice garden, a bar, Internet...Everything for a very razonable cost. Breakfast is very nice, buffet style. But the best of the hotel is the staff,Giusseppe at the reception is so nice and helpful, he makes you to feel like at home. It was our first wedding anniversary and it was a dream. I recommend to everyone to stay here, it is such a lovely place. Thank you Giuseppe!!!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Broni
<Content>Great value for money Stayed here for two nights on 1st August. Great location, near train station so not far to haul your luggage. Staff are really friendly and helpful. I came down an hour late for breakfast as i didn't know the hours and they insisted that I sit down and have breakfast anyway!Room was really big with extra bed and sofa bed.Furniture is very limited and room is basic but it was very clean and really good value for money.Also close to all the attractions.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>cancunl0ver
<Content>Fantastic hotel in a beautiful city Just returned from the Caravaggio after a fantastic week in Florence with my partner and we could not have been happier to have found this little gem of a hotel. Easy to find from the central train station which was a relief after a long day travelling. Staff were always friendly and helpful and spoke perfect English and gave us some great recommendations for where to go (advice: go to Trattoria Za Za on piazza mercato centrale just round the corner and have the chicken in truffle sauce or the beef sauteed in florentine sauce- amazing!!) Room was spacious, beautifully decorated and spotlessly clean and had a great view over piazza indipendenza (traffic was loud but tbh thats a complaint of all hotels in florence along the main roads- unless u pick one out of the way down a back street, i imagine you can always hear the cars) Took us about 20 mins leisurely stroll to the dome (but you can easy do it in ten) and if you are anything like me, you will appreciate the walk taking in some amazing sights along the way (like santa maria novella). Breakfast was suffice and everything you could expect plus the little packets of biscuits and rice crackers were great to have during the day as snacks to keep you going until dinner. A great hotel that contributed to a great holiday.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jcrichton
<Content>Excellent hotel in all aspects My wife and I stayed in the Caravaggio for 6 nights in June 2007 and we totally agree with all the positive reviews it has received. The room was a decent size and spotlessly clean. The buffet-style breakfasts were very good and the staff were all very helpful. The hotel is only a 10 minute walk from the bus / train station. The adjoining Il Giardino Di Barbano restaurant provides good value meals in a pleasant shaded outdoor area at the rear. We took the full day tour to Siena  San Gimignano (booked through the hotel) which was excellent. We thoroughly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>tanji
<Content>Small Hotel, Great Staff and Location We had a 7 hour delay in US with flight, got into Florence about 11:00pm, short 15 minute walk to hotel and very tired. Every local resturant was closing. Across the street is Independance Park, a small truck has fresh fruit, beverages, snacks and this wonderful man made us up a platter of fresh mozzerella and melon.We had rooms facing the rear garden and very quiet with nice view and jacuzzi tub. Worth the extra 20 Euro.Easy for all walking to major sites.2nd nite evening front desk manager recommended the Resturante Accademia. Wonderful local atmosphere and faboulous food. Always walk out to the right of the hotel, you will miss the touristy train area and mercato resturants. At the corner make another right and walk a block or two. You are in a local area and a the cafes charge a fraction for coffee and beverages then getting into the tourist area another 5 minute walk.Hotel very clean, wonderful breakfast staff, front desk and charming as well.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>31songs
<Content>Good value  We have stayed in this hotel on both of our trips to Florence, and found it excellent. On both occasions the rooms have been clean and welcoming, with modern en suites and good decor. The Reception staff were helpful. On the first occassion there was a problem with the bathroom door stickingwhen we arrived. We contaced the reception desk and it was resolved by the time we returned from a well earned meal. The buffet breakfast is aslo good, with plenty of choice. The hotel is in a good position, perhaps 5 minutes walk from the Duomo. We would certainly book here again if returning to Florence  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>md1ctc
<Content>Great Little Hotel Can't agree with the previous reviewer. We stayed in this hotel for two nights - 17-18th June and thought it was great. We had room 358 which was on the street side - yes there was some traffic noise but Florence is a City - if you want peace and quiet you don't go there. When the windows were closed the noise was not disruptive. The square in front was not noisy either - there was an antique market on Saturday and Sunday (mostly junk to be fair) and it certainly wasn't noisy. The hotel is spotlessly clean. The room we had was quite small but this is typical of any European city - I have stayed in smaller rooms in Paris and Rome for instance. The decor was lovely and there was a wall safe, a television (if you wanted to watch it ) and a fridge with a mini bar. The breakfast was also good with fresh croissants and rolls both mornings we were there, cereals, boiled eggs, fruit, fruit juice, ham, cheese, jams etc. I don't see what more a person would need for breakfast.There is also a little terrace outside where you can have a night cap and a good (cheap) restaurant next door if you don't want to walk very far. All in all I found this hotel very good and would recommend it..  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Ande214
<Content>Excellent Hotel As with most of the other reviews, this hotel was great! We stayed here for three nights in early June and loved it. It is very clean, has a great location, and a wonderful breakfast in the morning. The staff is very nice and it is very easy to find. Just walk straight down Nazionale street from the train station. (Nazionale is in very little writing underneath a bigger street name on the street sign out in front of the train station). You have to look close! The little park across from the hotel has a little fruit/ liquor stand that sets up everyday and it is wonderful. You can buy great fruit and beverages that are very cheap, and the guys working are very nice. We would have went there more if we had known about it sooner.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>FatherKnowsBest1
<Content>Avoid this hotel We had two rooms, the first was on the street side Nationale Street. If you like sirens, motor scooter engines, and loud drunks all night across the street in the park, then you will enjoy this room. Even with the window closed, it was very loud.The second room was on the backside of the hotel and we paid extra for a view. What a joke, the view was of old Florence apartments with hanging dirty laundry and dumpsters. To see the Duomo, you would have to lean way out of the window and strain your neck.The rooms are small boxes and allow no sitting area except sitting on your bed. The breakfast is mostly prepackaged items from the dollar grocery store down the street. the location is within walking distance of the hotel ONLY if you have no bags. The street sidewalk is very narrow and you will not enjoy stepping into the street to walk with your luggage. If you get a cab, know this :CAB DRIVERS IN FLORENCE ARE THIEVES.We have rented taxi's throughout Europe with no problem however if this hotel calls a cab for you, the meter starts at the time the hotel calls. It could take 10 minutes for the cab to arrive and you paid for it. The drivers also claim to not speak english which is absolutely incorrect. I suggest that you agree to a price BEFORE stepping into the cab. I wish someone had told me this info.Check your bill at check-out, we had some incidental charges that were not ours and had to be adjusted off the bill.It is obvious that this hotel knows their guest clientele stays only once and never returns. Don't fall for this hotel, you will thank me later.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	2	2	

<Author>mikiko
<Content>Great Hotel Great Hotel with good location. The front desk is very helpful. We will definitely take this hotel when we go to Florence next time.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Stinger10
<Content>Not bad but really noisy if you are on the street side of th hotel We stayed at the Hotel Caravaggio for two nights in early June 2007. The hotel was nice and clean and the rooms were a decent size. The staff was friendly and the location was pretty good (particularly if you are arrving by train, which we did not). We arrived by car, which was fine and reasonably painless but parking was outsourced by the hotel for 25 Euros per night. The only drawback for the hotel was, IF you have a room on the street side of the hotel, it is very, very noisy at all times. There are rooms facing the back (which is a garden courtyard) so I would definitely suggest requesting one of those. That would have made the stay much better. Breakfast was fine; typical fare.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Sea_Bass_21
<Content>Unbeatable Location and Value, Loved It! Stayed for 3 nights in room 311 for our honeymoon and this was by farthe best hotel we booked in terms of value. Room was spotless with big bathroom and view of Duomo. Bathroom also had a jacuzzi which wasnice after long day of walking. Faced away from street so the only thing we heard in the morning was sparrows chirping. Staff was very friendly and helpful and the breakfast was wonderful. Breakfast room was spacious even when it was full and the back courtyard was lovely as well. Only 5-10 minute walk from station and easy to find. Also very close to all sights and good restaurants. We will not stay anywhere else when we come back and have absolutely no complaints. Tip: To find the hotel, if you have your back to the trains, go out the left exit of the station and cross the street to the Benetton store. Go right to the until you get to a street to cross and go leftdown the street instead of crossing. This street turns into Nazionale. Go three blocks until you see a little park on you left. The hotel should be immediately on your right.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cal100
<Content>Great location and price If you are looking to stay close to the sights in Florence and don't want to spend a ton of money....yet stay somewhere nice. This is the address.Staff were very helpful. Away from the hustle and bustle of the tourist scene. Buy you will have to walk aways to see the key spots.Very clean.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Auntyleafy
<Content>Fantastic Caravaggio!! Just come back from a long weekend at the Caravaggio. It far exceeded our expectations! It was exceptionally clean and tastefully furnished. YOu could tell that it was recently refurbished. It was 10 minutes walk from main train station, and around the corner from the big central market, and restaurants. Staff very friendly and helpful - we were given a map on our arrival and shown the main tourist places to visit. Breakfast was very good by continental standards - fresh croissants instead of pre-packed ones! The only gripe was the noisy traffic outside - but not a fault of the hotel!!  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Carolinus
<Content>Great hotel What a great little hotel - only 5 mins walk from the station and not much further to the Duomo.We stayed here for 4 nights over the bank holiday weekend and walked everywhere - it's such an easy location. The hotel is nicely decorated and furnished, we had a large triple room (for 2 of us) on the front of the hotel overlooking the park. Nice room  bathroom but it was pretty noisy from the road - even with the windows closed.The staff at the hotel are great - especially Giuseppe who laughed at us rolling home at 3am every morning! We only managed to make it to breakfast twice, but it is in a lovely light room with a good selection of cereals, croissants etc (no hot food).Florence is a wonderful place and the people are some of the friendliest I have ever met. We felt like locals by the time we left, and walking through San Lorenzo Market everyday, all the stall holders greeted us like old friends! I would definitely stay at the Caravaggio again and would recommend it to anyone (just take ear plugs in case you get a room at the front if you are a light sleeper!)  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>waynay6405
<Content>Comfortable and close to sights Comfortable, nice rooms, at a reasonable price.Less than 10-minute walk from SMN train station.Friendly, helpful desk staff. Spoke fairly good English.Internet in lobby (4-euros per hour).Good pizza and pasta restaurant next door, and many others in close proximity.Large flea market, open 7-days, close to hotel.Good, substantial, deluxe continental breakfast included.We took hop-on bus tour the first day, and then walked everywhere the other days.Took train to Pisa and Lucca one day also.Would definitely stay again and recommend to others.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Jackacp
<Content>Great Location, Great Value, Very Nice Hotel Stayed here mid April for 2 nights. Great location 5 minutes from the train station. Very nice room with a small shower as expected. Hotel has a nice outdoor sitting area that we used to eat dinner and drink wine one evening. Breakfast was good allowing you to get your day going. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>AnneCManchester
<Content>great staff and good location Great mid range hotel within walking distance of the railway station and well situated for most of the tourist attractions. The one problem encountered was that on arrival the hotel told us they do not deal with Expedia! However out of great kindness they had reserved our room. If it had been in high season perhaps we would have been in dire straits. The staff were very kind and helpful and created a welcoming atmosphere. The hotel was excellent of its type, with a smallish reception, bar and lounge area appropriate for tourists who wish to spend more time sightseeing than staying in the hotel.There is convenient internet access, a tiny garden with tree shaded tables, a welcome respite on a hot day. Breakfast excellent and plentiful, pleasant dining room, overlooking a tree shaded square, nice to have a view when most hotels are situated facing narrow streets. Would definitely recommend Hotel Caravaggio - it made our visit to this lovely city relaxing and safe.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>JLLLH
<Content>great hotel I stayed at this hotel for my honeymoon. I was so pleased with the room. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was clean and a good size. The staff was friendly and helpful. I highly recommend. This was the best hotel stay my entire trip.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GillAberdeen
<Content>Great place for a short break My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights for a city break. We found the hotel well-maintained, clean, comfortable and the staff were exceptionally friendly. Marco on reception was a great help in recommending places to visit and very knowledgeable on Italian history and art.Location was good - easy and safe walk to the main sights and plenty choice of eating places nearby. We found some good deals for dinner in the trattorias around the market area. Lovely little garden area at the back of the hotel which became our peaceful haven for a drink after a busy day sight-seeing. Breakfast room light and airy and we always found plenty supplies of the continental breakfast - bakery seemed fresh every day. Only slight negative experience was the noise from the piazza on the front of the hotel - we were unlucky in not being able to secure a garden-facing room but hey it didn't spoil our enjoyment and we would come back to this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Spiralz
<Content>Cute hotel very close to Accademia We stayed at eight different hotels during our trip in April 07. This is a nice hotel. We chose this hotel because it is close to the train station - about a 10-minute walk. The hotel is right across the street from a nice park and 5-minute walk to the Accademia (Michaelangelo's David). The main attractions of Florence are about a 10-15-minute walk. Walking to Oltrano adds about 5-10 minutes more. Our room was clean, very cozy, and we could see the top of Duomo from our hotel window. The hotel is away from the touristy center, quiet, and peaceful. They have a nice, included cold breakfast buffet. We had a great vegetarian meal at a self-serve/order restaurant called Il Vegetariano - about a 10-minute walk away. The menu is fresh and changes daily - choose from 3-4 different entrees. In Oltrano (an artsy area), we visited a very fun flea market at Piazza di Santo Spirito, and had a delicious dinner at Trattoria 4 Leoni. I had the recommended, Fiocchetti di pere con salsa di taleggio e asparagi, it was amazing. Our friend joined us in Florence, and when she got off at the wrong train stop, she called the hotel and they were very helpful in getting her back on a train and off at the correct stop. The area directly around the train station is not the best, but once we got beyond the perimeter of the station, we felt safe.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>gilbert_sull
<Content>A great place to stay Great location close to both the station and the centre of town, great rooms recently refurbished. Excellent breakfast and very good staff. Our room was at the front and suffered a bit from the nose of the road at noght - ask for a room at the back!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>quiUK
<Content>Excellent hotel - great for a short break We spent 2 nights at the Hotel Caravaggio last week and were very pleased with our choice. We had a superior room with a Jacuzzi and view of the Duomo (we came to appreciate the Jacuzzi after so much sightseeing!) and the room was a good size, nicely furnished and had plenty of character. There鈥檚 a sunny breakfast room which serves a good continental buffet breakfast and a pretty courtyard/garden where you can have a drink from the bar. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the location is good; it鈥檚 only a 5-10 minute walk to the Duomo and a 10 min walk to the train station which was ideal when we were leaving to go to Venice. The main street on the way to the hotel is not the most picturesque, but is safe, and the hotel actually faces onto a large square. Overall, it was an excellent base for our short break to Florence.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lazydaze22
<Content>Great customer service!! We stayed at the Caravaggio two weeks ago and loved it. I had requested a room towards the back instead of facing the street so it would be a little quieter. One was waiting for us when we checked in, exactly how I requested. It was very peaceful and I spent several hours just looking out of the window each day. We had wonderful weather so the breeze was nice. If you stuck your head out of the window you could see the Duomo! We were right over the little enclosed patio area in the back. It was small, but very pretty with wrought-iron benches and tables. Our last afternoon we spent chatting with a fellow American and enjoying gelato out on the patio.The sitting areas were very clean and nice. There was internet access on the computer there for 1E per 15min. They had a bar for drinks near reception but we didn鈥檛 use it. The breakfast was wonderful and the staff kept it well stocked. We found all of the front desk staff to be exceptional. They not only accommodated our every request but anticipated some of our needs. The elevator is small and the only way up and down floors, but nothing terrible. The rooms were average sized for Europe and the shower small, but it was fine for two of us. I think the double bed was actually a double and not two twins pushed together. It was very comfortable. We loved seeing the entrance of the hotel after a long day of walking and always had a cheerful hello and goodbye. They even remembered what room we were in so we never had to ask for the key upon return, they always had the right one ready to hand us. The way to the hotel was a bit tricky as there was construction on some of the roads leading from the train station. It might be best to take a cab to and from the train station if you have several pieces of luggage. We spent over 30 min trying to find the hotel once we reached the piazza, asking pedestrians and police for help without success. Coming from the train station it is on the right with a small awning over the doorway. It should be easy to find if you stay on the right side of the road!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bob980
<Content>You Won't Go Wrong Here For me, it is extremely rare to rate a hotel as Excellent. So, my rating of above average should not imply any significant negatives. This is a very good hotel. Hotel Caravaggio is NOT fancy. It is simply a good, clean, generally quiet hotel that is well-located and a very good value. The best feature is the excellent, English-speaking front desk assistants. They are superior. The majority of the people staying at the hotel were Americans and I heard no complaints from any of them. Bear in mind that this is a three star hotel but the front desk service is genuinely helpful without attitude. We had a superior room that was not large but certainly large enough. The bathroom was small and the bath tub very small but everything was spotless. Our room was on the front of the building so we got some street noise, especially early in the morning. A room that does not face the street would probably have been better. However, we managed very well and enjoyed our stay of three nights. The breakfast is typical for an Italian three star hotel. Our only suggestion for improvement would be to have a real queen-size bed instead of two single beds pushed together. Bottom line: we will stay here whenever we are in Florence.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Gbabigurl84
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel is located near the train station with easy walking distance to main attractions. The neighborhood is clean and relatively quiet for Florence. The hotel is fantastic looking, clean with a FRIENDLY staff! We were given a room that easily slept three people although we were only two. Definitly looking forward to another stay at the Caravaggio!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>viajerachilena
<Content>Great Hotel, Very Good Value For Money We stayed in this hotel for three nights at a very good rate (59 euros for a double with breakfast). It was a very pleasant surprise. The hotel is fantastic, rooms are very clean and not too small. Breakfast is excellent. The hotel is located just a few streets from the train station and the main touristic sites.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>willemchea
<Content>Good hotel, great price Hotel Caravaggio is located near the train station but I will warn you, if you have more than a rollie, I would suggest a taxi ride. Although it's only a 5-10 min. walk, it's a painful walk with small sidewalks. The hotel is very walkable to the main areas, Duomo, Ponte Vecchio, Santa Croce, basically anywhere in central Florence. The staff speaks Englsh which is great. The hotel was great for it's money. Try and not make calls from your room. It cost me about 2 EUR per minute to the US. Breakfast was the typical in Italy, cold meats, cheese, croissant and rolls, cereal, coffee or capp. Rooms were a pretty decent size. The bathroom amenities, compared to the US are mediocre.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>GoGoa
<Content>Great hotel.       View from 2nd floor.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CarolineScotland
<Content>Quiet and friendly hotel We stayed for three nights in this hotel. Staff were friendly and helpful. Location was ideal, within minutes of the market and 5 - 10 minutes walk from Santa Novella station - excellent for connecting with Terravision bus to Pisa airport. Food was easily available within walking distance of the hotel - cheap and good - lots of Italians and not many tourists. Breakfast in the hotel was great - much more than we expected. We had a roof top view and could see the Duomo, room was comfortable and very clean. Location was ideal - 10 minutes walk to the Duomo, 15-20 minutes from the Uffizi and the bridges. Would definately recommend Hotel Caravaggio and we will stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KingKev-7
<Content>Excellent choice Myself and my girlfriend stayed here for 4 nights at the end of January. This hotel represents excellent value for money. The room was absolutely spotlessly clean - as was the bathroom, and fresh towel and bedsheets were supplied on a daily basis. Breakfast is basic, but will set you up for the morning no problem. The hotel is in an excellent location - around 10 minutes walk from all major attractions, and just 5 minutes from the local markets which are very nice to amble through. Furthermore, the hotel is still in a relatively quiet area - we heard no noise whatsoever from outside. I would highly recommend visiting Florence in Jan/Feb as the weather is great for walking and the city is not crowded with tourists. One final point is that there are plenty of nice restaurants on the hotel's doorstep, which again was a bonus. All in all, I would highly recommend staying in the Caravaggio. You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Aussiekiwis
<Content>Florentine magic We selected this hotel after comparing reviews in Tripadvisor and found it to be anexcellent choice. Just 10 minutes stroll from the railway station opposite a lovely big square and five minutes from the fabulous Florence markets where the bargains are incredible even with a lousy exchange rate. $A300 for a lambskin jacket! Because Florence is quite small we walked everywhere and the hotel was an excellent base. Rooms were a trifle small but very comfortable and clean. Bathroom was also cosy - why they insist on squeezing in a bidet - but adequate and the shower was excellent. We had a room overlooking the square so we were able to watch the world pas by.The hotel had a lovely garden next to the bar and sitting in the evening with a cool drink was very enjoyable prior to going to dinner. The hotel provided a buffet breakfast which was basic but plenty of variety and certainly adequate to start the day.Staff were very friendly and helpful and language was never a problem. It really was a great place to stay and excellent value for money.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>vcollins
<Content>Lives up to all the positive reviews We booked this hotel after redaing the very good reviews.The things we look for in a hotel are the following.Clean rooms/good housekeeping.Friendly helpful staff. Good location. Value for money.The Caravaggio had all of these.Arrived two hours before official check in but room was ready.We were actually given an upgrade (A room with a view for the same money). Safe in the room is free (Many hotels charge). Map of Florence given.Breakfast is a cold buffet with a very good choice of items, which are constantly topped up, so whatever time you get there everything is always available (definitely not something we have found with some hotels).Location is very good 10-15 minutes walk to main station or City centre. Handy good value (For Florence)Pizzeria restaurant next door to the hotel.Just one further comment ,more on Florence than the hotel. As you can see we stayed there in February. Great time to go. A little bit cold but hey wrap up and you're O.K.. No big crowds shoving you around, or getting in the way of your views of either the scenery, or artistry, and no queues at any of the places you will want to visit.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Giotto'sparents
<Content>Nice hotel, but has staff with ATTITUDE We booked this hotel because of the very positive reviews on Trip Advisor. We found the room to be relatively nice, although much smaller than the one picutred in the photo.....and we upgraded so we'd have a view (which we did). We stayed here during the Christmas holidays and had some concern about finding restaurants open on Christmas Eve and Day. The hotel is not large enough to have a concierge so we were at the mercy of the staff at the front desk. We found the desk staff to be very unresponsive (except for Marco) and one in particular had an attitude and was down right rude. I corresponded with them several weeks prior to our arrival and it took several e-mail messages before they would even respond. I was looking for help in finding a decent restaurant that would be open on Christmas Day, as my husband was also celebrating a birthday and I wanted something special. We were essentially on our own and eventually did find a dining room in one of the larger hotels that was open. The location was OK, although in the heart of a commercial downtown section. We were able to walk everywhere.Breakfasts were fairly typical with mostly prepackaged foods and cold cuts. No hot food, but the coffee was great. The dining room was also very attractive. I probably would not stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	5	1	-1	-1	

<Author>cathching
<Content>Good location, good place Very friendly staff at reception. I was alright with both the rooms despite not having a window (mine). We did not get a suite equivalent rooms but I must say that for the price we got 70 euros, it stood well above what i thought I would find. good location, clean and comfortable.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>irishnz
<Content>Great value for money hotel My partner and I stayed at this hotel in October 2006 and really enjoyed it. The room was an adequate size but very clean and fresh. The bathroom was a good size and cleaned to perfection. We actually had a room above the main road and across from the park, but didn't hear any noise.The staff were really lovely and very helpful. After sighseeing we sat in the outdoor garden behind the hotel and enjoyed drinks and relaxation. The hotel is fairly close to the station, we walked and the rest of Florence was easily explored by foot. Breakfast was one of the best we had in Europe; plenty of items to select from and it was all fresh. I would definitely recommend the hotel and stay here again if in Florence. Definitely met my expectations.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>mookdogg
<Content>Great Hotel My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in December. We chose this hotel based upon the tripadvisor reviews and were very happy with our choice.We arrived at this hotel after taking an overnight train. We arrived at 10Am and had only a short wait until our room was ready.Upon arrival, that man at the desk gave us a very detailed map, with a reccomendation to kill the hour until our room was ready. When we arrived at our room there was no hot water; However, the front desk did infrom us it was a boiler problem and would be fix within a short time period. The rooms are very large, as our the beds. We slept with windows open as it was warm in December, and did not hear any noise. The bathrooms are spacious, with a toilet, bidet, and Jacuzi Tub with shower head, (No Shower Curtain, only bummer)The breakfast in the morning are convient and very tasty. Location of hotel very convient, we were able to walk to all major attractions, and found dining near hotel a great value.Overall, I would stay at this hotel if I return to Florence, and would reccomend it to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Falconis
<Content>A pleasant surprise. I found this hotel on an Italian web site and chose it because of it location and price, mainly. What a pleasant surprise to find an old world feel to this hotel. From the airy clean spacious room to the well appointed and roomy (for European standards) bathroom, we had a very enjoyable stay. The staff were very friendly and helpful, even assisting me with an phone call in Italian to Rome. The included breakfast was quite extensive and if you ask they will even make you your choice of coffee. Spend some time in the courtyard in the afternoon. With a glass of wine from the bar (very reasonable prices) you can relax, meet fellow travellers and swap stories. An easy walk to just about anywhere in Florence and with cheap good restaurants nearby, I would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SoapQueen
<Content>Hotel Caravaggio Room was very Nice We recently returned from a trip to Italy and our second stop was a night in Florence. I'd read about Hotel Caravaggio on TripAdvisor.com and chose it because it was in a good price range for us and had high recommendations in TripAdvisor. We were extremely pleased with what we found. The hotel itself is located about a 10 min at most walk from the train station. The room was of a good size and had a large bed and a smaller twin size one. The room was very clean and the bathroom was very large with a real bathtub/shower combo. The ony problem that we had was that the room we were given overlooked a very busy street and it was extremely noisy - so much so that I actually put ear plugs in and then it was fine. We were not able to stay for the breakfast since we needed to catch an early train and even though we asked the night before, they were unable to make any exception for us due to the breakfast room being on a floor with rooms so they wait to set it up in the morning so as not to disburb guests. We would probably stay here again because it was very clean and spacious, but we would request a room farther from the street noise.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>3	5	2	3	5	4	3	5	

<Author>monkeelin
<Content>This was a lovely hotel.       view from our bedroom window  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Dendy
<Content>Good value We stayed at this hotel in early Sept 2006 because of the excellent reviews on Tripadvisor. Our room was quite small and faced on to the main road with the park across the street. The music and voices from the piazza at night were incredibily loud.We asked to be moved to a quiter room and the staff thankfully accomodated us. The back garden is lovely for a drink,the staff are friendly and the location is close to everything. We did have a good stay but beware if you given a room facing the park!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>sedutta
<Content>Great value and location We stayed at the Hotel Caravaggio for two nights and it was everything I was looking for- good location, clean, and a good price. We had a room that faced the building, so it was very quiet. The room itself was very clean and the water pressure and hot water was great. The staff was very helpful- they answered all our questions and made museum reservations for us. The breakfast was more than adequate- breads, cereals, coffee, tea, juice.The location was great- a very easy to walk to pretty much all the major places in Florence.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bicoastal
<Content>We Loved the Caravaggio! We stayed at the Caravaggio for four nights in late OCT. We just loved the hotel! The staff, especially Marco, were just fantastic. We had a beautiful room that overlooked the Piazza Independance. We walked everywhere and had a great time. This is another hotel we found from Trip Advisor and we are so glad we followed other travelers' advice. Just a wonderful place to stay. Grazie, Caravaggio!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>w1r2t4
<Content>Online booking - watch ou! This is not a review of accommodation but a warning to those using online booking services. In May this year I decided to book a long weekend in Florence for October and booked my flights and accomodation on the Hotel Caravaggio website.In July Ryanair cancelled my return flight which meant I couldn't go. I went onto the website and cancelled the accommodation-this was confirmed on screen but I haven't a printer and it wouldn't save to my hard drive.I thought it would be fine since it had been confirmed. However I have just checked my credit card bill and I have been charged for a night's accommodation-presumably they think I didn't turn up! I am going to try and get my money back but I think the chances are slim so watch out and double check if you cancel!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Baltimoreguy
<Content>Clean and convenient, but nothing exceptional I'm not quite sure why this hotel ranks so highly on TripAdvisor, unless Florence hotels in general are unexceptional or worse. Certainly, the location is convenient to the train station, about a 10 minute walk. It is also convenient to some of Florence's historic highlights, particularly the Medici tombs, the Accademia, and San Marcos. The attractions farther south are a significantly longer walk. Also on the positive side, the staff were quite helpful and spoke English easily. Breakfasts were plentiful and included cold cereals and fruit salad, as well as the usual pastries. That said, though, we found the Caravaggio and the surrounding neighborhood utterly lacking in charm or visual appeal. The Via Nazionale is a main throroughfare lined with similar hotels and is an uninviting place to stroll. The hotel itself, though clean and in generally good repair, lacks any distinctive decor or architecture. Our room was tiny, barely larger than the bed, although it was equipped with a modern (though very small) bathroom. In sum, the Caravaggio struck us as simply a place to sleep, not to linger. It is a faceless, mid-price chain hotel, ordinary in every respect. It is not bad, but is hardly memorable.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>globetrotter76
<Content>Just right in Florence Our room at the Hotel Caravaggio was a good size, with spotless tile floors and a large, clean bathroom with modern fixtures, and a great shower. We didn't have a view- our room faced three walls within a courtyard, so there wasn't much light, but that meant no noise from outside. We were by the elevator though so we heard people in the hall in the morning. Breakfast was good and plentiful- decent for typical Italian breakfast. The staff was very friendly. Location was fine- you could easily walk to the train station (come out of the station and take a left on Via Nazionale- follow that up until the Piazza dell'Indepenzia and hotel is on your right, across from the park). A short walk from the outdoor market and San Lorenzo, and easy 15/20 minute walk to major sights. I'd go back there again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>smn2006
<Content>Good Hotel The Caravaggio appears to be a part of the Welcome Hotel chain which ensures some minimal standards of cleanliness and service. We found this hotel to be in a good location, 10 minute walk from train station, and fairly close to many of the attractions we wanted to see. The staff spoke excellent English and were always very pleasant. There was someone at the desk 24 hours a day so we could go and come as late as we wanted. The hotel room was a decent size, very clean and included extras such as a mini bar and free wi-fi access (spotty). The bathroom was modern and had a good shower. No issue with pressure or hot water. Breakfast was served on the first floor in a very nice lounge and it was better than the breakfasts we had at other hotels in Italy. There were eggs, cold cuts, breads and fruit. The hotel had a small courtyard out back which was a nice place to unwind with a drink after a long day of sightseeing.We would definitely stay at this hotel again and have no problem recommending it. Please note that if you follow the map on their website, you might have a hard time finding the hotel. The dot on the map makes it look like the hotel is in somewhere in the square, but it's actually on the right side of the dot. This square/park also was a gathering place for locals to sit and drink and listen to music. This didn't bother us too much as we were not in our room for very long and they were usually finished by the time we went to bed. However, the sight of so many people drinking and singing in front of the hotel did not add to its appeal. To their credit, they didn't appear to be rowdy or dangerous, but their presence could be a little off-putting for some folks.In summary, we believe that we got great value for our money at this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>jverrillo
<Content>Very good value Good location, very quiet and clean. Friendly and attentive staff. Excellent value for the price.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Bobbin2
<Content>Extremely Pleasant We had a long weekend here in February for my sisters Birthday. The rooms were a good size, pleasantly decorated, comfortable and immaculate. The staff cannot help you enough and were ALWAYS extremely pleasant. The breakfast was buffet style and offered an array of delicious choices. The hotel is stylish throughout and we had absolutely no complaints.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Marianvlc
<Content>The best hotel we found in hour Tuscany tour During our 11 days stay in Tuscany (changing hotel almost daily, even in Florence itself), we have to remark Caravaggio as the best hotel we found. Also the price was reasonable in view of the high prices in Florence. The staff was helpful, the breakfast was ok and our room in the first floor on courtyard was clean as was the bathroom, quite new renovated and well furnished. Big bed and room bigger than average. Would recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Muscade
<Content>Very good hotel for the price We spent 4 days at the Caravaggio in July 2006. The location was excellent. Close to the train station and very close of all the main attractions. We walked to visit this wonderful city and to eat in many very good restaurants close by the hotel. Our double room was in front of a small park. It was very clean and roomy. The hotel was very quiet and the employees were very helpful. We arrived early but were able to let our luggage at the reception. The hotel was just 5 minutes fron a laundrymat which was very convenient. Sole reservation is the breakfast which was ordinary. (cappucinos and hot chocolate were great though). One of the best deal we got during our 2 weeks trip.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>benardus
<Content>wonderful hotel The hotel we booked could not have us for the first nigth of our stay, so we were asked to go to hotel Caravaggio. Only for one night, it was a pitty! Hotel Caravaggio is a wonderful hotel. Therefore, when we will visit Florence again we will certainly stay in Hotel Caravaggio.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CrazyHiker
<Content>Great place to stay in Florence       Bathroom  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jkmelody
<Content>Elegant, very comfortable, friendly I would highly recommend this hotel. Our five night stay was absolutely fabulous. Beautiful rooms, great breakfast and helpful staff . Excellent location...very close to bus and train station. Would go back again and stay there!!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>InfTraveler
<Content>Great Hotel in Florence My wife, our 2 1/2 year old son and I stayed in this hotel for 6 nights. Our room was in third floor with a good view of top of Domus and San Lorenzo. There are many good points about this hotel, the location is great, a little more than 5 minutes walking to train station (for those who have not been to Florence and have concerns about it, it's a nice area, don't worry about walking!), it's a couple of minutes from San Lorenzo market (great place to shop), and about 10 minutes walk to Domus, Uffizi. The room was perfectly clean. The staff were very friendly and helpful, they made reservations for us (we called before arriving) for Uffizi and Academia. If you are driving (not really recommended) they have a deal with a garage for 25 E per night (little more expensive than train station parking), but it's very convenient since they bring and take the car from the front of the hotel. The hotel has a couple of PCs with internet access which is very convenient if you need a quick access, but there's an internet shop across the street as well. In summary we really enjoyed our stay there.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>eskimo
<Content>Great hotel! Sorry it's taken me so long to submit this review but we had such a great time that I thought the hotel deserved yet another good review!My husband and I stayed at the Caravaggio for five nights in July. When we arrived at the train station we were pleased to find the hotel was only a short walk away, no need whatsoever for a taxi. When we got to the hotel we were told that the superior room we had booked wasn't available as the air-conditioning wasn't working in it. The staff told us that the room would be ready for us the next day and gave us an ordinary room for the evening. This room was small but perfectly clean and comfortable. The only negative thing I can say about this room was that it was poorly sound-proofed. In fact, the people in the next room knocked the wall to tell us to keep the noise down, even though we were conscious of our late arrival and were barely speaking above a whisper.The second room, a superior on the top floor of the hotel, was much larger and more comfortable. We were certainly glad that we had decided to upgrade. The soundproofing was much better in this room, with no noise coming in from even the elevator shaft that was right beside us. The only problem we had was that the jacuzzi bath didn't work.Overall, we found the hotel to be excellent. The location was great and we managed to walk all over Florence using the hotel as our base. The staff were wonderfully friendly and helpful and made all our museum bookings for us before we arrived. The buffet breakfast was more than adequate and turned out to be the best of our entire Italian holiday.I'm happy to recommend the Caravaggio to anyone and would stay there again without a doubt.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>specialk1281
<Content>Caravaggio was a lifesaver! When my family and I got into Florence, we arrived at our hostel and found out that although it said Shared Rooms, Shared Bathrooms there were only tents on the property. Because we were staying in Florence for three nights, there was no way that we could stay for that long. We used their internet access at the hostel and found the Caravaggio. My aunt called and within 10 minutes, we had the hotel booked, two rooms for five people. We arrived after that phone call in about 20 minutes and everything was ready for us. Elisa, one of the people at the reception, was incredibly helpful and kind. She went above and beyond her call of duty (and we used her help much more during our stay)! The hotel is located on a square and there is a lot of night life there (bands, etc) so if noise bothers you, make sure to ask for a room in the back. The rooms back there are very peaceful and quiet. The hotel used to be an old palace that was reconstructed into very comfortable rooms. The room has all the amenities that are expected (wet bar, television, phone, etc) and the bathroom is spacious enough and has very modern appliances. On the main floor, there is a bar, lounge, a outdoor courtyard, and a computer with internet access (but for the reasonable price of one euro per 15 minutes). Also, there is a complimentary breakfast provided each morning from 7:30-11. This hotel was a beautiful place in a wonderful locale in Firenze that was moderately priced. The hotel Caravaggio is an excellent place to stay and was a lifesaver for my family!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>cookie2crumb
<Content>Loved the Caravaggio! This was a wonderful hotel. Staff extremely helpful and courteous and could not do enough to help.The housekeeping standards were exceptional.The buffet breakfast offered a wide variety to suit all tastes.Location was good, only a 5-10 min walk from station.I would highly recommend this excellent hotel and can't wait to stay there again when visiting Florence.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wisey29226
<Content>Great staff, location, price. Ok read the previous reviews and must put things straight. The staff were more than helpful. We had a problem with a missing relative at the time and they could not do enough for us. Excellent staff, great service with a smile. We were also charged in Australian dollars, but we were not ripped off at all. The staff asked us which currency we preferred to be charged. It doesn't matter what currency you get charged at as long as the exchange rate is right, it is all the same. They could charge me in PNG Kina if they liked.Yes the rooms are small, but the hotel is a small personel hotel, not the Marriott. The rooms are clean, comfortable and well serviced. The outdoor garden area is delightful at night with a glass of great Tuscany wine in hand and complementary nibbles. The small bar and lounge had a large array of reading material realting to the arts to get you into the Firenze mood. The location was great, the rooms clean and comfortable, the price right and staff friendly. We will return.Wisey  Sue VictoriaAustralia  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jenp718
<Content>Newly renovated My husband and I stayed here for three nights during a three-week honeymoon trip to Europe. The hotel is newly renovated and very nice. You can use American plugs in the outlets. The staff was very friendly and helped us book a day tour to Chianti. The breakfast buffet was very good and included cereal, various breads, boiled eggs, ham and fruit.The room and bathroom were both quite big for a European hotel.The location was ok. It is very close to the train station making for a short walk with luggage if that is how you arrive, but about a 10-20 minute walk from sites like the Duomo and Uffizi.Restaurant recommendation: Go to Il Latini. This was our best restaurant experience during our entire trip. The food and atmosphere are amazing. Show up early to get a seat.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tgre
<Content>Great Hotel, friendly staff, great location This made our stay in Florence, great hotel in a great location with very helpful friendly staff. The only disappointing thing was the breakfast - but then it was hard to get a good breakfast anywhere in Europe. Highly recommend this Hotel. Walking distance to train station and all of Florence.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DebbieB23
<Content>Lovely Hotel at Great Value The Hotel Caravaggio is near the Train Station in Florence, which was great for us, as we used it as a base to travel over Tuscany. Different tour companies also have their buses depart from the train plaza.The Hotel was very reasonably priced, (we got a room for only 79 EUR a night in August), and we definitely got our money's worth. The room was comfortable and clean, the bathroom just fine. The breafast is given in a separate room on the first floor, and is very nice. There is lovely reception room in the lobby, which opens to a garden, where you can have a drink in the evening and read the paper. The neighborhood itself is more of blue collar neighborhood than those closer to the Arno, but there was a laundreymat in the neighborhood which we used. The San Lorenzo market is just a few blocks away for inexpensive shopping.I would not recommend this hotel to first time visitors to Florence, as many of the most popular sights are a half-hour walk away. (And it is difficult to walk in Florence, as the streets are very narrow and almost entirely paved in cobblestones)  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>RoPaLo
<Content>Wonderful Hotel We stayed in Florence at Hotel Carravaggio for three nights and greatly enjoyed our experience. Our room was very clean and tastefully decorated. The bathroom was both modern and spotless. Hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was included in our stay, and we found there to be a nice variety of food. The hotel is a few minutes walk from the train station and also within walking distance to all of the sights. It is also located across from a nice little park that had live entertainment each night that we were there. We will definitely stay at the Hotel Carravaggio the next time we visit Florence!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jojo82
<Content>A love affair with Florence. This hotel was ideal for our stay. Only in Florence for 4 nights, this hotel was in a perfect location for seeing the sights of the city as well as experiencing the delicious food on offer throughout the whole city. Its literally a 5 min walk from the hotel to the Piazza del Duomo, and approx 10 (depending on pedestrian traffic) mins away from the Piazza Vecchio and The Uffizzi Gallery. The staff are helpful and friendly. It was a delight to stay there. I would not only reccomend this hotel to a friend, but would love to stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>johnkimble25
<Content>Very good hotel Well-positioned in a relatively quiet part of the city centre. Polite English-speaking staff and good breakfast. No problems here!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BlueSkies500
<Content>Good room and location We only had one night in Florence, so I chose this place for its good proximity to tourist sites and train station and based on the excellent reviews it received here.The hotel was easy to find, and our room turned out to be quite nice. Air conditioning worked as advertised and cooled the room well at all hours. Furnishings were quite functional, and we got to see our first bidet in this first stop in Italy.Front desk staff was quite helpful, and the included breakfast was good but simple continental fare.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Trishwl
<Content>Excellent 3 Star Hotel! We stayed at the Caravaggio after checking the reviews on tripadvisor. When we arrived at the hotel, we initially had some issues with our booking which we made from the Opodo website. However, the hotel staff quickly found our booking and our rooms were quickly sorted. We found the rooms to be clean and the air conditioning works well especially after coming back from walking around Florence during one of the hottest summers in Europe!The hotel is also approximately 10mins walk from the Santa Maria Novella Station which makes it convenient for train travellers.Side note: If you need a quick meal and don't want to have another pizza, there is a small chinese takeaway shop about 2 mins walk from the hotel (turn left as you exit the hotel). :)  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Jan426
<Content>Wonderful hotel This hotel was wonderful! Located in the city within walking distance of everything, opposite a park. We stayed there in late June - two adults and two children. Lovely big room, high ceilings, nicely decorated with a huge modern bathroom. Hotel itself was charming and family-run with all the little touches you expect from this type of property rather than an anonymous chain hotel. Small bar in the lounge area and a secluded garden patio area with tables and chairs. Beautiful breakfast room with delicious food. The staff could not have been more friendly or welcoming. We highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EarthGuest
<Content>Excellent Hotel The Caravaggio was one of the better hotels we stayed in during our Italy trek. The room was clean and average standard European size. The bathroom was well equipped and the shower water pressure was excellent. We enjoyed the convenience of the internet access in the lobby although it will cost you two Euros for 15 minutes. We arrived at the hotel during one of Florence's regular mid afternoon showers and noticed that the rain had seeped through the windows. We notified the staff and they quickly cleaned up the floor upon our return to the hotel after our dinner. We enjoyed this hotel very much and would consider returning if we should visit Florence again. For an excellent 3 star hotel during peak season, paying 83 Euros per night was a great value.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TommyGaughan
<Content>Good value for a three star hotel in Florence Excellent value for money well located close to Santa Maria Novella rail station (5 minutes stroll). Pleasant and cheerful staff and spotlessly clean.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>LisaBella
<Content>Fantastic Time at the Caravaggio!       Patio at the back of the hotel  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Ga煤cho
<Content>Great Surprise!       Hotel Street  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>TheGoldenBear
<Content>Excellent Value and Location We stayed one night at Hotel Caravaggio on June 24th and were extremely pleased. We arrived late in Florence (just after midnight) and were catching the train to Rome the next morning. The hotel staff was extremely accomodating for our late arrival (they even opened up the bar after hours so we could enjoy a cold beer on their private outdoor patio to unwind after a long flight on a very hot day) and it was easy walking distance to the Santa Maria Novella train station (5-7 minutes) to catch our train in the morning. The room was somewhat small and basic in its furnishings; however, it was extremely clean, the bathroom met all our needs and the bed was firm/comfortable so that we had a good night's sleep. It was also quiet as our room faced an inner courtyard as per our request online. The breakfast was a full buffet (not the usual skimpy European continental) with eggs, meats, cheeses, fresh juices, fruit and cold bottled water in addition to the usual croissants and coffee. The breakfast room was also spacious and clean. Our check-out was efficient and the staff was very helpful. Overall, this was excellent value (@ 119 Euros for 2 people) and location and I would recommend it as both a good overnight location to catch the train as well as a good hotel if having an extended stay in Florence. The other positive reviews that we relied on in Trip Advisor were certainly accurate. David from Vancouver, British Columbia; July 23, 2006  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NewToChicago
<Content>Beautiful Hotel This hotel should be rated Number 1 in Florence! It is beautiful, the staff is exceptionally helpful and friendly, the breakfast buffet is excellent. It has a convenient location. I would love to stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LH2006
<Content>Excellent Hotel We stayed at the Hotel Caravaggio for 6 nights in June 2006. The hotel was in a very good location with all the majors sites only a 10 minute walk away. It is very handy for the SMN train station also, we flew to Pisa and then got a train from Pisa airport to Florence SMN station.We arrived very late at night but the staff were friendly and welcoming. The room was a good size, exceptionally clean and the decor was tasteful. Our room overlooked the main street and staff warned us it may be a little noisy. There was not much noise at night and it was never a problem.Breakfast is served from 7.30 - 10.00 and is excellent. There was a large range of pastries, cereals, rolls, cheeses, spreads, fruit and boiled eggs.Check out time was 10.30 but we only needed to leave at 3.00pm, so the staff let us keep our luggage in the hotel as long as we needed to.I would recommend this hotel and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel!!! This was a great hotel...and I am very critical when it comes to hotels. We only stayed in Florence for 2 nights and the Hotel Caravaggio was perfect. We got to Florence via train and the hotel was a short walk from the train station. However, I would suggest looking up directions before you go. We thought we would be able to buy a map at the train station but it turned out that the hotel was off the map. Once we knew where we were going, it was very easy to find. The hotel room was different than any room we are used to (our room had brick floors and shutter windows) but we loved it and it just added to the experience. If we ever make it back to Florence, we will stay here again! Oh, and the front desk agents speak English and are very friendly! They recommended we eat at the Accademia Restaurant for dinner and it ended up being the best meal we had in Italy.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>vacati0nhappy
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I stayed here in early May and loved everything about the hotel. The front desk staff was helpful with everything from dinner reservations to city directions. They recommended the restaurant La Academia which was the best meal we had in Italy. We were fortunate to get a third floor rear room which had a great view of the Duomo. The rooms were spotless. The breakfasts offered meat, cheeses, hard boiled eggs, cereal, etc... We would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SelenaJ
<Content>A winner! Okay, just so you know - there's a strong chance that I'm going to write a good review for any hotel that leaves me a complimentary bottle of wine.After a long day of travelling, a bottle of sweet wine - like a sherry - was waiting, along with Italian cookies, in the room. What a lovely surprise.We only stayed one night here but were immediately impressed by the friendly, gracious, cheerful, and courteous staff at the desk. Helpful with directions too. Guests are made to feel very welcome. That may sound a little over the top but they are just really nice and professional.Our room was not large but it well appointed and had a lovely view. We were at the rear of the hotel looking down on a pretty garden and we could also see further to the central part of the old city.Each floor has unique and attractive decor features.The room was spotless. It was an easy walk from the train station and also within walking distance of major sights.Staff were responsive when I called the reception in the evening to mention some sounds from a nearby room. They were keen to ensure that things were quiet for us and called back to check on the situation. I was impressed with their interest and follow up. We had a good nights sleep.I would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelsoften
<Content>A great hotel 3* hotel. I do not know how the star rating is figured but this hotel is leaps and bounds ahead of any 3* hotel that we stayed in during our 3 week trip to Italy. Due to availabiltiy our party had booked 2 rooms - a superior and a standard. My partner and I had the surperior room which was much larger with a jacuzzi tub. Our friends' room was smaller with stall shower but otherwise very nice. Both rooms were very clean, the kingsize beds were average in comfort, lighting was good, only CNN to watch on TV, a nice wardrobe with safe in each room. The hotel has a computer in the lobby for Internet Access (for a fee). They also provide free wireless (which I was only able to access from the lobby) or a DSL connection in the room for which they will loan you a cable if you do not have one.The staff - very friendly, helpful and with perfect English skills which was kind of disappointing because I could not practice my Italian.The hotel is located about a 15 minute walk from the main train station and about a 10 minute walk to the Duomo with other sights beyond. The neighborhood is not the most happening but there are good restaurants within walking distance. Try Za Za's - we think it was probably the best meal of our trip. They have a large outdoor sitting area be we opted for inside which had a great atmosphere of an old Italian Restaurant. Also, there is a nice laundrymat about 2 blocks to the left as you exit the hotel.In short, if this hotel is available grab it.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MCC4
<Content>Great hotel My wife and I stayed here for 4 nights in mid May. We booked it based on reviews from this website and were not disappointed. It was easy to find and conviniently located near the train station. The staff were friendly and spoke perfect english (contrary to our broken Italian!). The location is very good and short walks to all the major sites. We found our room to be clean and reasonably spacious, only draw back was it was a bit noisy as we faced the main street. The breakfast was very very good beyond the usual bagels and ceral, they had hard boiled eggs. We would definitely recommend this hotel in terms of price, location and staff.Ciao  
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>freakyholiday
<Content>Very happy with our stay The hotel is located about a ten minute walk from the train station on a square which was convenient since we arrived by train. The room we received was a large room on the top floor overlooking the square. Was some noise, but not too bad. The room was very clean, included a fridge, a/c, a large bathroom with a jacuzzi tub. If you want the larger room ask for room 308, but most rooms looked as if about average for European size. Most of the major sights were within walking distance. Accademia was just around the corner. The breakfast served was the best we had on this trip to Italy. Sweet rolls, bread, sliced meats, cheese, boiled eggs, cereal, yogurt, juice, coffee, and tea. Several good restaurants in the area, try the one next door; it has Garden in the name I believe. On the touristy side, but was very good and cheap. Would highly recommend staying here.  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Choice Good choice for a hotel in Florence. Relatively clean, decent sized rooms (by European standards), good breakfast, moderately priced. You can book directly through the hotel's website and get as good a price as you'll find. Also in a good location as the main train station is only a ten minute walk down the same street the hotel is on.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ocassionaltraveler
<Content>Excellent Hotel in Florence Hotel Caravaggio - FlorenceMy wife and I stayed 4 nights in May'06, and would definitely return. Well represented by previous reviews. Ask staff about directions to Restaurant Academia, for well-priced and delicious Florentine cookingPros:* Location - 10min walk from main train station (Florence S.M.N.), 20min walk to Duomo, 30min walk to Uffizi, 35min walk to Pontevechhio, nice collection of bars and restaurants close by, 15min walk to supermarket, 10min walk to Internet Point* Facilities - rooms were clean and comfortable, free wi-fi access (bring your notebook to surf in your room), hotel bar open in the afternoon and evenings downstairs, nice breakfast in the mornings (breads, cereals, fruit, meats), mini-fridge in room, rooms have A/CCons:None  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>myredmx5
<Content>Excellent Hotel       View from the Bedroom  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location! My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our stay at Hotel Caravaggio from March 25-28. The staff was extremely resourceful, courteous and there is always someone in the lobby, which was always really nice. The room was a decent size and it was nice and clean. The only downside to the room was that our bed was made up of two single beds joined together and the window looked out to a park and street so on a weekday morning, it is a bit loud and busy. Other than that, we really liked the hotel. They served breakfast which we thought was decent but would recommend going out and trying all the great food in Florence. The hotel also has a small bar area and outdoor patio in the back. On a nice cool evening, it was great to just have a drink outside. The hotel is also just enough distance away from the main tourist areas but still very close to all the main areas. It is also a very short walk from the train station. We would definitely return to this hotel when we make our next trip out to Florence!!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kdi
<Content>Excellent budget hotel in Firenze My wife and I stayed here on the second leg of our trip to Italy.Again, we discoverd the Caravaggio here on TripAdvisor.The location is great,in the heart of the city and 10 minutes away from the St Maria Novella railway station.The room was tiny, but nice ( ours had a great view of the Piazza),the breakfast was good, the hotel has an internet connection that guests can use.An outstanding budget hotel.Recommended.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PaulaLC
<Content>Great hotel My boyfriend and I stayed at Hotel Caravaggio last week for two nights, and we would definetely recommend it to others visiting Florence. We arrived at the Santa Maria Novella train station, and walked to the hotel which took about ten minutes. The streets are quite narrow with some crazy drivers on scooters, but the walk even with suitcases is fine.Upon arrival we found the staff to be pleasant and helpful, and our rooms to be in good condition, and immaculately clean. The rooms were a good size and the bathroom was spacious also with a shower, toilet, sink and bidet. The TV has CNN and BBC World News, and there is a safe for locking away important valuables. Bed was comfortable with soft pillows which was welcome. The hotel is in a great location, about ten minutes walk away from the Duomo and Accademia. There are several pizzerias close by, and any which we tried were great. It looks out onto a little plaza, and there is also a bus stop right outside the door (if you are coming down from Piazza Michaelangelo the bus will leave you right here!). Breakfast comprises a good selection of breads, cereals, fruit etc and is served 7.30 -10.00.The only negative thing I would say is that we found the noise of traffic outside at night time to be rather loud - though our room was facing directly onto the road I suppose.All in all a great value for money hotel with no complaints from us at all.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fredandkell
<Content>Very pleased with this hotel This hotel was heaven after the dump we stayed in in Venice. It is quiet for the most part (except the second night, when we heard a lot of people walking around above us - I think people live on the top floor of the building?). The bathroom was roomy and clean, the beds were big, they had a couple of English TV channels, etc. The hotel is within walking distance of everything. There is a laundrymat about 2 blocks left of the hotel. The staff was nice as well. They charge 1 euro for 15 minutes of internet access. If you go left down the Via Guelfa we saw access for 1.50 euro for an hour. Would definitely stay here again.Be careful how you exit the train station to get to the hotel. The directions said Exit the train station and turn left on the Via Nazionale. Hotel is 5-6 blocks on your right. Well when you get off the train there is a HUGE Uscita (exit) sign that points you to the left. Don't go to this exit - this is the wrong road! Instead go straight through the station and go out the front entrance. Also I think it's longer than 5-6 blocks; I would have said 8-9. But it's an easy walk from the station.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CPINY
<Content>Great hotel in a great city The staff was more than helpful, the information we recerived was always accurate. The driving directions to return our rental car saved our lives (it is not easy to find a street in Florence) and the charges were exactly what they had promised. Breakfast was fine. Our room faced the plaza and there was little noise, not a problem at all. The little bar and back yard was perfect for a relaxing drink after the hustle and bustle of Firenze.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>iluvtraveling
<Content>great hotel good location       room102  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nursears
<Content>Great Value This hotel is a great bargain. The location is great as well. You are withing walking distance to everything, but especially close to the train station and Accademia museum. Our room was spotless and HUGE with a whirlpool bath and room for a baby crib. Bring a fan as the street below is busy. The staff is so kind and helpful. The breakfast buffet is included and very good. There is free internet in the lobby. Many good restaurants are close by and there is a lovely flea market on Saturdays in the Piazza across the street. I can't say enough good things...this place is a bargain and a treat.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Laura Berk
<Content>Good hotel but noisy It's a very nice hotel with a wonderful breakfast buffet, and an extremely pleasant staff. The price is also right. One caution; this hotel is very noisy. It's not outside noise; there's just not much sound proofing between rooms or between floors. I'd advise you to stay on the 3rd floor, and ask for a room away from the elevator.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mitchlevenson
<Content>Superb hotel, great room.       View from room 302  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel / great city Lovelier than Pisa and a better base to see Tuscany. Florence has verything anyone could ask for in a holiday or short break; shops/history/art/scenery/safety etc.The Caravaggio was well place to walk to most places of interest / about 25 mins to the Ponte Vecchio and less to the Statue of David museum. from Florence you can visit Siena within the hour and a bit longer to Pisa. For us Siena was great as was Florence. Parking in Florence is difficult and the hotel's valet parking is excellent but at 25 euros per night maybe a bit expensive? Finding the hotel by car from outside of Florence can be difficult so either get instructions or a map or just head for the centre and find a large park called the Fortezzo de Bassa. The hotel was very good with a good cheap eating place right next door. The walls of the hotel are thin though! But the rate for a double of 71 euros was great as it included breakfast.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kentlad
<Content>Outstanding in all aspects Great service, great location, great value. This hotel has the lot.3 star does not do the hotel justice compared to other 3 star in Europe. The guys on the front desk were helpful, knowledgeable and nothnig was too much trouble. Rooms were clean tidy and well furbished.Breakfast was fine - all you need.Location is within walking distance to everything really - 5 to 10 minutes ans the station is just 10 mins even with a trolley bag!Accademia restrnt around the corner was a good recommendation and def great value. The locals eat there so says it all!!Top marks to the guys there - we would definately stay again!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>
<Content>Wonderful Caravaggio       Our Room at Hotel Caravaggio  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vicky54
<Content>Value for money hotel! A real gem!I can see no reason why anyone would want to stay anywhere else when visiting Florence - this place has everything you need at a price that is simply astonishing!We paid less than 60鈧?a night for this well-situated hotel that is clean, well-maintained and staffed by people who will communicate in a friendly manner whatever the time of day or night.The breakfast was excellent and the bed was a delight!Thanks Caravaggio!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CuriousKaren
<Content>Great stay at Caravaggio Stayed at the Caravaggio for 4 nights in December. The public areas of the hotel are lovely and the staff are very helpful and friendly. We stayed in a room for three which was obviously a disabled room and therefore quite roomy. The decor was modern and attractive. The only thing I can fault is the lack of view. Our room looked onto the internal light shaft and across to other windows. I did not request a view however, so would recommend anyone else staying here to do so. Even a street view would be preferable. It was quiet however. The breakfast room is delightful and the breakfast quite ample with pastries, cereal, toast, yoghurt and fruit salad. The location of the hotel is great - you can walk pretty much anywhere in the central part of town from here. I enjoyed my stay and would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel, would stay again Rooms are crowded, to be sure - but not uncomfortable at all. Everything feels brand new, immaculate. Our room was well-decorated and charming. Staff was friendly, cute bar downstairs and free internet in the lobby. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Friendly Staff! I cant say enough. What a great place. Friendly staff, clean rooms, remodled bathrooms. I had the great fourtune to stay for 14 nights. I really can say I never had one problem. There is internet access in the lobby. The bar is small and cozy. Its not a far walk at all. I loved this hotel and will return soon.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lifeboatles
<Content>Best value three star hotel I have ever stayed in. My Wife, sixteen year old daughter and I had the good fortune to stay at the Caravaggio for four nights from December 17th. I can not thank the staff enougth for the pleasant way that we were treated. The hotel was spotless as were our rooms and they were cleaned every day. The price we payed was very reasonable and I would have no hesitation in re-visiting the Caravaggio again. Thank you L.Jones. N.Wales.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AusGuy
<Content>Bravo Caravaggio My partner and I stayed at the Hotel Caravaggio in late Oct/early Nov 2005 during a seven week round the world trip. We stayed in a number of hotels and would highly recommend the Caravaggio. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. We had a great room, complete with a spa, which overlooked a lovely park. We received a complimentary bottle of wine on arrival, which was a nice touch. We ate breakfast at the hotel each day - a typical Italian spread of pastries, cereal, fruit, coffee. The hotel is centrally located and an easy walk to all the major tourist sites - Uffizi Gallery, Galleria Accademia, Ponte Vecchio, the Duomo, Baptistry, etc. We were able to walk straight into most places without lining up with the exception of the Uffizi Gallery, which took hours. If you're pressed for time we would recommend reserving tickets. We also did a day trip to Pisa. The train takes about an hour. It's a bit of a walk from the train station to the Leaning Tower, but there are plenty of shops and cafes to stop along the way. All-in-all we had a great time in Florence and would stay at the Caravaggio again when we return.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value Stayed 3rd to 6th October, made welcome by staff, room not large but more than adequate, spotlessly clean throughout our stay. Any request dealt with promptly and courteously, May be a 3 star rating but staff justify 4 star  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JohnT3
<Content>A Great Thanksgiving Holiday at the Caravaggio My wife and I spent 6 nights at the Caravaggio this past week (November 23 - 28, 2005) and our holiday was one of the best ever for us. The quality of the hotel was exceptional. We stayed in room 311, located on the top floor and in the back overlooking the garden area. Very quiet. Roomy. The bathroom was wonderful. Everything as advertised. The hotel choice was as a result of TripAdvisor reviews which were very helpful. The location of the hotel was just right for us. It is conveniently located within short walking distance of all of the desired locations. We are both 57 years of age and do not mind a short walk, even in chilly weather. I did not find the distances prohibitive at all. Downtown Florence, where all of the cultural and tourist areas are located, is quite compact and easy to get around. In the entire week, my wife and I did not ride on a bus or taxi, except to and from the airport, and even that could have been avoided if we had chosen to take the Vola in bus, the airport shuttle, to the Stazione, which is right down the street from the hotel. This hotel is a gem and the staff was extremely helpful and accommodating. We enjoyed the breakfast every day and it was just right to keep us going until an afternoon lunch and then a later dinner. We have no complaints and only praise. Molto Benissimo. You will enjoy your stay at the Caravaggio and you will consider your money to have been well spent there.John and Cheryl Wilkinson, Memphis, Tennessee USA  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent, no doubt about it!       Sofa and Closet in the Room  
<Date>Nov 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kikeng
<Content>Great location and price We have just come back from a long weekend break and the Caravaggio was great value for money: Clean, well located, very good breakfast and friendly staff. It was excellent overall. We booked through venere and got a double for 70 euros, which is a bargain  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent hotel This isn't a high end hotel, but an ok. The rooms are a bit outdated, but are clean. Breakfast was nicely served and occasionally you could here your neighbor above you or in the room next to you. This is a good average hotel.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>markjoe
<Content>Ok Property The room we had was pretty tight as was the bathroom. At least it was on the quiet side. The breakfast was very good as was the location (just a 12 minute walk to the Duomo and 10 to the train station) and it was at a very reasonable price. The staff at the front desk were pretty friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and staff. Great City!!! The staff was very nice and helpful. Joseph at the desk was very pleasant. The room was a decent size with a decent size bathroom. If you don't plan on hanging out in the room for a long time on your trip, than the size is more than adequate. The location was excellent and within walking distance to everything that we wanted to see. Have a little bar and outside patio in the back. Very nice for a late night drink. Value was very good.Florence is a beautiful city and very charming.I would not recommend a rental car as we had, as the hotel was a little difficult to find, especially with a language barrier for directions, once ours fell through. The street signs in Italy leave alot to be desired!!!But, all in all, a very pleasant stay and I would recommend and stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DavidSanJose
<Content>Great value for the price! This hotel surpassed our expectations. I booked it through reading tripadvisor.com reviews. Although it was down a busy sidewalk, we walked with our luggage to the hotel. It was just a 10 minute walk once we got pointed in the right direction. (We took a taxi back though after the size of our luggage grew after all the shopping in Florence). We were upgraded to a room with a view at no extra charge! As I read on tripadvisor, I requested a room in the back of the hotel with a view,and I got it. We had a great view of the quiet neighborhood behind the hotel plus off in the short distance we could see the Duomo, etc.The hotel is across the street from a park. On the weekends, they had a great market there with interesting antiques, etc. The hotel is not that far of a walk to most of the sites. For the price, I would book this hotel. The rooms are clean, the staff is helpful, and the location is good. (Just one thing - don't forget to give them your room key. It's a large key and if you accidentally take it, they'll want it back).  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>vicimelda
<Content>Close to everything The hotel was not terribly easy to find, especially given the number of one way streets around the area! However, when we arrived we were treated with warmth and friendliness. The staff were helpful and gave us a map of the area with directions on how to get to various places. Our room was small but clean and comfortable. The television was tiny but you don't go to Florence to watch TV right? We walked everywhere in Florence and didn't have to catch a taxi once as we were pretty close to everything, or at most a 20-30 minute walk away.Breakfast was good, it was all fresh and we always got a table. It was quite busy during our stay. Overall, this is a good hotel to stay at if you want a clean and comfortable room at a reasonable rate.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mealypied
<Content>excellent location We stayed for one night on 28 September 2005 and that the location was excellent and our room was spotless.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel Enjoyed our stay at the Caravaggio. The staff were friendly and informative. The hotel has a very convenient location to all tourist attractions. Very clean rooms. Beautiful breakfast room. If coming in by train, would recommend taking cab - only 5 Euro plus luggage allowance. Would also recommend pizzaria nextdoor to hotel. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Staff was awesome! My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Caravaggio for 5 nights. The room was abit small and cramped, but the friendliness of the staff made up for the tight quarters. The bathroom was a nice size, but the shower itself was WAY TOO tiny! When I washed my hair, my elbows hit the sides of the shower wall. It was that small! The price of the hotel was reasonable. The hotel was nice and quiet with a nice little courtyard to enjoy coffee or cocktails. My husband had a nice time chatting with the staff in the evening time when we hung out in their little bar area. The hotel is about a 10 minute walk from the Duomo...so not too bad. The staff recommended fabulous restaurants to eat and booked a few tours for us when we checked in to the hotel. All in all, a nice place with friendly staff.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Room was clean and beautifully decorated - though smaller than US, as expected. Staff was extremely pleasant and helpful with dinner reservations, shopping advice, etc. Loved the quiet back garden. Made reservation based on Trip Advisor reviews and we were very happy with the accomodations. Would definately stay there again. Only downside was internet was not working.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value for the money Okay location. You have a bit of walking to most locations, but not a problem for us since we are younger. May be an issue for some older folks. We had a window facing the park, and as long as you keep the window closed, noise was not an issue. The staff was very nice and spoke great english. Breakfast was nice with a good amount of options. Not just bread products like most european hotel breakfast spreads. If you are down for some walking, I would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyable Hotel Of the four hotels we stayed at in Italy, Hotel Caravaggio was our favorite! The location was excellent, since we arrived and left by train, and an easy walk to the major sights and restaurants. The hotel is very clean and our room was good-sized, considering the low cost, and had a very nice bathroom. The breakfast room was bright and cheery and breakfast was very enjoyable.One of the best things about our stay was Carlo and his staff who made you feel so very welcome. We would stay here again and have already recommended this hotel to others!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yamakake
<Content>A convenient oasis Great hotel with uniformly friendly and helpful (and charming) staff. Public spaces (including lounge adjacent to reception, bar, garden just beyond lounge, and breakfast room on next floor up) all lovely and beautifully maintained. Elevator functioned well, so suitable for guests who can't climb lots of stairs. Internet WiFi (hotel has a computer in the lounge) down for much of our stay, but there are lots of internet cafes, etc. on adjacent streets if you need access. Our room (twin beds, two friends traveling together) was a bit small, but storage adequate and lovely view out an enormous window over adjacent gardens to the back of the hotel. The front of the hotel looks over Piazza dell' Indipendenza. Quiet neighborhood, no problem with noise at night or early AM. Short walk to central train station. Bathroom again small, but very recently re-done and immaculately clean. Great water pressure, etc. Bedroom furnishings nice enough, bed very comfortable. Breakfast outstanding for this location and price point, including unlimited hot beverages, juices, cold meats, selection of cereals and various breads/pastries, plain yogurt, stewed fruit, spreads, cheeses (all in packets, as cheese not standard Italian breakfast), etc. No fresh fruit at breakfast. I recommend this hotel highly, and will stay there again if given the opportunity.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TheSmurfster
<Content>Lovely view and really good hotel My wife and I were really pleased with the Hotel Caravaggio.The room was very good for the price we paid. Comfortable and clean and a nice sized room with a shower (no bath).The best thing was the view which overlooked the main square sites (the main basilica etc).The staff were very friendly too and one receptionist was particularly friendly making us feel welcome.The breakfast is also of a good standard for continental.The location is great too as is away from the main hussle and bustle but close enough to walk to the main square in about 10 minutes.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>snorkieuk
<Content>Great Value and Staff were excellent. We stayed at the Caravaggio from July 3rd till July 6th 2005. It is a charming hotel and was a pleasure to stay in. Location is good, 10 minutes walk north of the Duomo (Florence is not a big city and everything is easily in walking distance). The hotel is only 5 minutes walk from the train station , or if laden with luggage a cheap taxi fare. Despite florence lack of greenery the Caravaggio sits opposite a pleasent green Piazza. The staff were excellent and very informative always willing to help out with a dinner reservation and took a genuine interest in our itinerary (especially warning us about the morning queues for the Uffuzi). The hotel continental breakfast is better than expected and is a must for the walking required in Florence. The room was a good size with a wonderful view over the Duomo (Which unless your extremely luckly you pay extra for).Thus in summation Caravaggio's location is very good, staff are very friendly and the rooms are high above acceptable standard for what you pay. I will definitely be staying here again and have'nt hesitated to recommend this to friends and family.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>CHEAP AND CHEERFUL Stayed for 2 nights. Found other reviews quite misleading. No specific complaints - it is cheap, clean, friendly and quite central. We were expecting something a little more special from what other reviewers had posted. It is certainly not luxurious or a place you could spend much time relaxing. As a base where you sleep, eat (a distinctly average breakfast) and spend most of your time out and about, it is very good value. Do not expect a hidden gem however.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value for money Arrived in Florence after a long train journey from Venice to be warmly greeted by a friend of the owner of the Carravaggio. He was delightful and couldn't have been more helpful and friendly. We were very pleased with the quality of this hotel which was well above average for the rate that we paid. In comparison to the rates that we paid in Venice this hotel was excellent value. Clean, well maintained with a pleasant garden/courtyard to sit in the evening. We would certainly return to this hotel on another visit to Florence.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AJJS
<Content>Good value hotel This was a pretty nice hotel. It was conveniently located to many sites (especially the Accademia and the Duomo). The room was nicely decorated and clean. The included breakfast was pretty good. There is a park across the street which was a nice gathering place for many tourists, and even had a little fruit stand that stayed open pretty late. The hotel is on a busy street so it is slightly noisy, but didn't prevent us from sleeping after a long day of walking around. This was a very good value.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FMMG
<Content>Just lovely ! We stayed at The Carravaggio for 3 nights in July 2005. Chose it after reading reviews  for its location as we were arriving by train.The whole experience was an absolute delight! I could not fault this charming little hotel in any way. Easy to find from station. Staff introduced themselves on our arrival  couldn't have been more helpful throughout our stay. We requested a room with a view.....and that was exactly what we got! A beautiful view of the Doumo from bedroom window. Room was spacious  extremely clean. Breakfast room very well organised  nicely decorated.Very efficient , individually controlled air-conditioning which was essential in July! The little courtyard at rear of hotel was a lovely surprise.I'm sure there are far grander and more expensive hotels in Florence but The Carravaggio has charm, character, beautiful views and the most helpful staff you could ever wish to meet. What more could you ask? JUST LOVELY!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Caravaggio       Bathroom  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>four-from-nc
<Content>Loved everything especially the staff If you are looking for a hidden gem that was wonderfully convenient, you need to stay here. We arrived like a tornado after a disasterous drive into town (ditch a car ASAP in florence) and was greeted with a warm smile and laughter that made it all go away. Our room for our family of 4 was clean and cool and comfortable. Breakfast was great and dinner recommendation were excellent. We spent long lengths of time talking with Carlo (?..I hope that is right) and in the end felt like we were leaving a friend. Florence was hot and crowded, but the Caravaggio provided a welcome relief upon every return. Yes, you have to walk into the old section, but it was always enjoyable. We reccomend this hotel and strongly encourage you to spread the word. They are worth it.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Personal without being intrusive A healthy walk from town, truly needed after the fabulous food of Florence. The hotel was excellent value for money situated opposite a scenic park. Very welcoming, the staff were very friendly, helpful, approachable, entertaining and informative. They really made our stay, especially Carlo and Giuseppe who made our stay memorable. The room was adequate size with lovely view of the park and very clean. Breakfast did the job. We would fully recomend the Caravaggio and would certainly return ourselves.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fdipace
<Content>Exellent value for a 3 star hotel. I cannot agree more with the other reviews written about the Caravaggio. Although the hotel is not in old town it is just a short walk to town. The rooms are clean, decorated great with old world furniture. The bathroom even had a jacuzzi tub! The beds are comfortable and the air conditioning worked great. The staff is extremely helpful. The view from our room to the back court yard was beautiful. You can walk from the train station to the hotel, it is about a 5 minute walk.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RaleighMom
<Content>What a gem!!!! This small hotel was absolutely perfect! The staff was warm and friendly, especially Josef who went out of his way to make us feel comfortable. We had a quad room for 4 which was large, very clean, and the bathroom even had a jucuzzi bath. They recently opened a lovely quiet patio out back, and it was a great place to unwind after a day of sight seeing. After only a day of fighting the crowds in the city center, I was so happy to have a hotel a bit off the beaten track (but still within walking distance of everything). There were lots of great cafes and resturants close by, and across the street was a pretty park where you can find a stand selling fruit and the sweetest watermellon I've ever tasted. I would highly recommend this affordable and friendly hotel.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>paddywagon
<Content>The perfect choice After reading the reviews on this site we settled on this hotel, thanks to all the great reviews it got.They were all right, this hotel was perfect.The price was good , the rooms were a good size and kept spotless and the desk staff were very courteous and helpful.It was only a short walk from the train station and to all the sights in the centre.It is very close to the central market and the San Lorenzo market so you can get the freshest of food and the best of bargains as you pass by them going and coming from all the sights.If this is your first time going to Florence and you are trying to make up your mind about which hotel to stay at, choose this hotel I can guarantee you will return, I know we will.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>charming hotel Great hotel,very friendly and helpful staff (especially Carlo),great location within easy walking distance of all the sights.Rooms are very comfortable,quiet and spotlessly clean with lovely views.We would return without any hesitation. Breakfasts are excellent too. Well priced too.Chris and Siobhan (Ireland)  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VDPloeg
<Content>Good value Stayed here May 16-20 2005 for 110 Euros nightly. A smaller hotel within walking distance of the train station. Rooms were clean and well maintained; small but functional. Advertised wireless internet but it wasn't working during our stay. Amazing restaurant right next door; so good we ate there every day!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bubbl2836
<Content>Perfection!! Absolute Perfection!!! Stayed at the Caravaggio for 2 nights in March and wished I could have stayed longer. The hotel was warm and cozy, clean, and seemed like it was a much higher class than the price would suggest. Florence is so small and easy to walk that it was only a 10-15 minute walk anywhere. Close to SMN train station and located in the great Independence Plaza.The rooms were nicely furnished and clean - tons of luggage storage space (important for a whirlwind trip around Italy). The bathrooms were huge and fully equipped. We didn't have a great view, but we booked the last room for that weekend and arrived late. Florence is so beautiful that we didn't want to stay in our room anyways! Breakfast was wonderful - simple, yet filling mix of breads, muffins, cereals, meats, cheeses, and more.The best part of the stay was the staff. The people at the front desk were wonderful and amazingly willing to help. Gave us directions and restaurant suggestions. By the end of the first day, they knew our names and room number as soon as we walked in. When I got sick the second night (too much gelato!), they made sure to see if I needed anything. They know how to take care of you and your vacation!!!  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great choice! The Caravaggio was a wonderful sanctuary to escape to after a day in the chaotic streets of Florence. My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our three night stay. Following advice we had read on various websites, in our email reservation we requested a room at the back of the hotel. The hotel suprised us and gave us not only a room at the back, but also put us on the top floor with a view of the Duomo. (We did hear some visitors complaining of street noise they could hear from their room at the front of the hotel). The staff was excellent and friendly and the location was perfect - it faced a small park and was just a few minutes walk from the City center . We enjoyed sitting in the hotel's quiet courtyard in the evening. Although small compared to North American standards, our room was clean, quiet and had a large bathroom. The breakfast was typical European fare but adequate. Overall, it was good value for Florence. We would definately stay at the Caravaggio again and recommend it highly.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value We stayed 2 nights and everything about this hotel was done right - helpful front desk, clean rooms, nice breakfast, excellent location - all at a reasonable price.  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply the Best We just spent 7 days in Rome, Florence and Venice and our stay at The Caravaggio in Florence was simply the best. We were immediately greeted by the staff and welcomed to Florence. Our room, Room 201, overlooked the gardens below. The room was very clean with a large firm bed and a large (by European standards) and spotlessly clean, bathroom and shower . The room was not large, but a bonus is that the bed is elevated enough to slide large pieces of luggage under it for storage which provides more space in the room. (I wish more hotels would think of this efficent way to store luggage and at the same time provide for more living areas.)The breakfast room was spotless with friendly and efficient staff. Breakfast consisted of yogurts, cereals, breads, jams, meats and cheeses, juice, bottled water (fizzie or non fizzie), and of course coffee, which was excellent. Our room was very quiet, with TV, desk and 2 night stands. The staff of Leonardo and Carlo could not have been more friendly and helpful.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Great Staff This hotel is a 10 minute walk from the train station on a main street in Florence. The rooms are budget, but everything is clean and well maintained. The breakfast was the best we had at any of the budget hotels we stayed in.The staff were fantastic. They were always friendly, helpful and looked for ways to help you out.They offer one PC with Internet access that was helpful.The view out the windows on the non-street side and upper floor are very nice. You can easily walk from here to most of the attractions and there were good restaurants in the immediate area. We loved staying here and would go back anytime.  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>positivity
<Content>A good stay at Hotel Caravaggio We decided to stay at Hotel Caravaggio following an extensive search through the Internet, taking into account the positive scores in tripadvisor.com. We were not disappointed. The hotel was bright and well located, and the room, clean and spacious, although a little bare. The staff were also very helpful and being business travellers, the free wireless web access in the lobby was highly appreciated. Breakfast was OK - not as luxurious as one would get elsewhere, but it was nice enough. It is not too far from the SMN train station, but for those with heavy luggages, do note that you will have to navigate them along Via Nazionale where human traffic is rather high.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel We just came back from a 4 day stay at Hotel Caravaggio. It is a very nice and clean hotel. Our room was in the front which had a view of the large plaza (square) the hotel is located across from. It was a large triple, very spacious for Italy! The room was a bit noisy from the traffic below, but if that bothers you, you can ask for a room in the back. The bathroom was a good size and again very clean. The breakfast had nice choices of yogurt, cereals, breads, and juices, and even provided meat which most hotels in this price range do not. For the cost, this was an excellent hotel, in a good location, with a friendly and helpful staff. The reviews read before booking this hotel were helpful and truthful. Thanks Trip Advisor for this service!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>libmin
<Content>Great hotel! We had a great stay at Hotel Caravaggio. It was a great bargain. It's an easy walk to the train station (7 minutes with our luggage) and 10 minutes walking to most sites. The service is very friendly. They have internet in the lobby. The breakfast has more options than the other hotels we stayed in (though the coffee wasn't very good-- but it is hardly a problem to find coffee elsewhere in Italy). Definitely stay here. We had a great time.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay!!! Excellent location - we were able to walk to everything! Very convenient to train and bus service. Room and bathroom were both exceptionally clean and the service was great. There was a large selection of cereal, meats, breads, jams, juice, coffee, and tea for breakfast. The staff was very helpful in making museum reservations and a bus tour reservation to Siena (which we also highly recommend). If you are looking for a place like the Four Seasons this is probably not the place for you, however, if you are looking for a reasonably priced and very nice, clean, comfortable place to stay I cannot recommend this hotel enough!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>aggrey
<Content>another good review! We have just returned from a week's stay at the hotel Caravaggio and must agree with many of the reviewers that the hotel was excellent. From the moment we arrived to be met by a very welcoming Carlos to the time when we left, our treatment was outstanding by all the hotel staff. Our first room didn't have a view and on asking if we could be moved we were asked to leave our case packed and when we returned that afternoon we had been moved to a room with a view at no extra charge. Breakfasts were excellent with fruit, cereal, yoghurt, croissants, cheese, ham and bread rolls on the menu. The hotel was ideally placed for the train/bus station and within easy walking distance of all the main attractions. Our room and bathroom were immaculate. Full marks to everyone concerned in making the hotel a success.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pablo44
<Content>Excellent hotel, great value       This was the view from our room at the Caravaggio  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the hotel. the facilities and cleanliness... ... and the hotel staff could not do enough for you. we had a great time on our first visit to florence. Could not have had a better hotel. staff friendly and helpful. Cleanliness was of a high standard. Breakfast was good overall great value for money. we stayed from the 19th march until the 22nd march and would certainly stay again and reccomend to friends.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place, great room We stayed 1 night at the Caravaggio and loved it. There were 3 of us in a triple, which was a double bed and a twin. The room was very large and we had a view of the Piazza Indepence. Their continental breakfast was a true breakfast with a lot of options. Only caveat was no shower curtain in the bathroom. However this was the best value we had our whole trip. Also it is only about a 10 minute walk from the train. Hotel staff was super nice also. I would stay here again if I ever returned to Florence.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel! My fiancee and I just returned from Italy and we stayed at the Hotel Caravaggio for one night. We loved it, especially for the price (78 Euro). It's not right in the middle of most of the tourist activities but if you don't mind walking it's an easy 10-15 minute stroll through shopping areas. The breakfast was above average for an Italian hotel and the room was comfortable and clean with a nice view of the piazza out front. They also have a computer with internet that you can use for 1 Euro/15 min. We'll definitely stay at this hotel again the next time we are in Florence assuming that the rates are comparable.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>VisitorEngland
<Content>Good Hotel, excellent breakfast, clean rooms This hotel is excellent. Clean rooms, sheets changed three times in a week, clean quality towels every day. About 15 minutes walk from all the sights in Florence and 5-8 minutes from the main railway and coach station. Worth staying here as the hotel looks out onto an open area and has a good pizza place next door. Very friendly staff who care about their hotel! We stayed in February 2004 and although it was cold outside the hotel was nice and warm. Stay here, it is worth it.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for the price The Caravaggio had pleasant, comfortable rooms and a terrific breakfast buffet included in the rate. The location was good, though a little far from some attractions. Staff was helpful. Note that my credit card was charged in dollars converted to Euros at a somewhat unattractive rate. I suppose this added $2 dollars or so per night, but it was still a great value. Highly recommended for the budget conscious traveler.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AliceL
<Content>Highly recommended, Great hotel My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Caravaggio for 4 nights in February 2005. We had booked the hotel over wotif.com and planned to stay for 4 consecutive nights. However, when we arrived in Florence some friends invited us to stay with them for 1 night. We asked Hotel Caravaggio if we could change our booking and not stay Wednesday night but stay Saturday night instead without changing what we'd already paid. The Hotel was very helpful and obliged us without charging extra. The room we had was spacious and clean - a nice bath and power shower with massage. The breakfast was varied with cereal, croissants, ham, cheese, rolls, juice and tea/coffee. The hotel has an internet computer and a pleasant lobby/bar area. The hotel staff were friendly and very helpful and all spoke English. It is a conveniently located hotel close to the train station, the San Lorenzo market and only a 10 minute walk from the Duomo and the centre of Florence. Highly recommended as a 3 star hotel. A great hotel in a very beautiful city.   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A fantastic place to stay! My husband and I spent our honeymoon in Italy. We spent two nights at the Hotel Caravaggio and could not have been more pleased! The room was clean and both the room and bathroom were a decent size. The employees could not have been more helpful and pleasant. We were able to walk everywhere. We would highly recommend this hotel and we will definately stay there again when we return to Florence!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Fantastic Place to Stay in Firenze! We stayed at this hotel on the 12th, 13th and 14th January 2005. Our party of 4, 2 adults and 2 children were well accommodated in a spacious room with a queen size bed and 2 single beds. The room and bathroom was spotless and cleaned beautifully every day. There is a bar at the hotel which serves great coffee and drinks, an internet point and local advice about restaurants. Breakfast is probably the best we have had containing cheeses, meats, yoghurst, 4 kinds of cereal, breads (even wholemeal rolls!). The location is great, we walked from the train station and to and from all the attractions. It is close to everything. Perhaps the best thing about our stay was Carlo and his wonderful staff. Carlo was very welcoming and friendly and made our stay fun and fantastic. To the other allegations of scams, this is just untrue. Everything was up front. When we checked in Carlo confirmed our booking that we made via internet, verified how much it would be and what was included. At payment, made by credit card, he explained everything to me and was very honest. I was have no hesitation in staying here again and will recommending friends travelling abroad to stay in the Hotel Caravaggio!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>raquellorraine
<Content>Basic, clean hotel My fiance and I stayed at the Caravaggio one night, it's really a simple and sufficient hotel. I lived in a beautiful downtown Firenze apartment previously, so I can be a bit of a snob when it comes to other facilities. Normally my fiance and I stay at the Boscolo Astoria on via Giglio, which is a gorgeous hotel (and if you book on their website I've stayed there for 100 Euro - I would suggest trying) so anything but first class is always a bit disappointing. That said, the Hotel Caravaggio is a decent place to stay to discover Firenze. One long avenue down to Santa Maria Novella, then another 10 minute walk to the centre is not bad at all. The rooms are spotless but not elegant in any way. The pictures are a little bit deceiving. I don't know what that mess about currency fraud is... yes the Euro is expensive for American tourists. But you will ALWAYS be charged in Euros, when in EUROPE! The hotel staff wasn't unfriendly, but we didn't need their services since my fiance lives in Firenze, and I did previously. Compared to other central hotels, this one is definitely good for the money, and I would recommend it to a penny-watching tourist. Cheers.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exchange Rate Scam Wish we had seen the NY,NY review of 28 September before we stayed here because we also fell foul of the credit card exchange rate scam. Reception staff who had been seemingly very friendly and helpful did not give any indication whatsoever that we were being charged in GBP rather than Euros, let alone the lousy rate of exchange, and our queries were met with facial expressions and comments of surprise and protestations its not us or the hotel but the bank we cannot do anything about it. Also, the road outside is very noisy day and night so ask for a room at the back of the hotel if you want any sleep at all.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room with a view! This is a great hotel in Florence. Ask for a room with a view. It's not too much more than the others. It has a little garden in the back. Our room overlooked the San Lorenzo dome and, of course, the Duomo. We could hear the church bells ringing. We could walk anywhere in the historic center. The staff, especially Leonardo, who speaks perfect English, was very helpful. We did get lost trying to find it. They gave us directions from the autostrada, but there were a couple of intersections, which were not marked clearly. I really should have had a map in the car. Leonardo gave us excellent directions when we left, though. The rooms and bathrooms were large and the bedrooms were very nicely decorated with prints by Caravaggio, of course. It had a nice lounge area. We had a good breakfast, but no capuccino, just regular coffee. I would certainly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would definitely stay there again A short walk from the train station. As Florence is a small city, we were able to walk to all the attractions quite easily.The rooms were clean, reception lukewarm.Free internet access.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LMP1963
<Content>Highly Recommended We stayed at Hotel Caravaggio for two nights in mid September, 2004 and, in fact, checked out just afer the member from NY who posted Sept. 28. I knew then that he was surprised and not pleased by the fact that his credit card charge reflected the USD rate as well as the Euro rate. I have a different perspective - the rate we were charged in Euro was exactly as booked and of all the hotels we stayed in, the Caravaggio was the only one whose credit card system did us the service of showing the exchange rate that would inevitably be posted to our statment and account. For the record, the exchange rate (1.25589) was slightly better then the one I had been given a few days earlier at a US bank exchanging currency. It was, in short, right in line.On the accomodations, location, amenities (including gratis internet connection via laptop near the lobby), VALUE, and the gracious assistance offered by the staff, we cannot say enough at . I would recommend to anyone and would definitely stay again. As we checked in we were also anxiously trying to get tickets to the Fiorentina calcio (soccer) match and Carlo and Joseph gamely assisted making phone calls and finding where we could still get them and getting us there. Grazie mille, guys. Room was good sized, quiet and comfortable with clean, modern bathroom. Best value of our entire trip.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nastraveler
<Content>Good Value Hotel is a good value for the money. Short trip from the train station, but far enough away to not feel like you are in the middle of the traffic. Close to the market. Within walking distance of the major sights, alittle more walking than most hotels, but area seemed very safe and lots of people out walking also. Within a short distance of lots of restaurants. Our room was actually quite large, even by American standards. We had requested 2 twin beds, but had 1 king and 1 twin. We must have had a handicapped room as the bathroom was very large, toilet was raised very high with bars and shower was nothing but a drain on the floor surrounded by moving glass doors. The floor was always wet. Request a room with a view as I know they have them. Our room had 2 windows that looked out at the next room and dumpster in the cut away section of the building. It provided light during the day but did not want to open the window as the smell was horrible. The second window did not have drapes and the lights from the hall shone in the room at night making it difficult to sleep.Breakfest was better than most places. Staff was friendly and helpful, especially in making the reservations for the museums. Beds were also very comfortable. Would stay again, but only with a room with a view. (of anything but the dumpster)  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent Hotel - But don't let them rip you off The Location of this hotel is great - very close to the station and close to San Lorenzo's Market. 5 minute walk to the Duomo. We felt safe walking back late at night - so safety was not an issue.The rooms were adequate, small in size but decent. There were pretty clean and the view of the Duomo was great.The only issue we had was upon checkout. Beware that if you pay by credit card, they will rip you off. They charge you in dollars and give you a terrible terrible rate. So you end up paying much more than you bargained for. When we questioned how he can charge us in doallrs, when the currency of the country is in Euros - he said - that it was up to his bank that he was running the card through. He cannot do anything about the exchange rate. That is a bunch of BS because we stayed in european hotels for 3 weeks and never had that pulled over our heads. Not a single other hotel charged us in dollars. So this hotel ended up costing more than we expected which left a bad taste in terms of our experience here.So go ahead and stay - but have your Euros ready to pay in cash - or you will get shafted.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service and then some!!! The story below is true and now is a great dinner conversation. 1) I illegally parked and got towed.2) Leonardo called the police and tow truck company to track down my car.3) Leonardo drove me on his scooter to the tow truck company (25 minute ride)4) Offered to pay if they did not take AM/EX (they did)5) Delivered me and my rent-a-car right back to the Caravaggio.Leonardo and the staff at the Caravaggio are terrific..  
<Date>Sep 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>avkatnet
<Content>Great hotel and marvelous staff! Visited Florence in July 2004. This was a great hotel - clean, quiet, nice breakfast, walking distance from the train station. A bit of a walk to the major attractions, but we enjoyed exploring the streets along the way. The best part was the friendly staff, especially Carlo! They provided excellent recommendations for moderately priced restaurants, and gave us clear directions and ideas for sights to see. Would definitely go back.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly Recommend! Great hotel! And great value! The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. They helped us find an alternative location for the first night, because we arrived a day early (due to train strikes). Good location. Not far from the train station. Easy to reach by cab, and close to major attractions and shopping. Hotel was modern, clean, and the rooms were spacious with good bathroom facilities in the rooms. Breakfast was great! More than expected, and the service was good...able to handle a number of people. Remember to use the front desk to help make your reservations for visiting the David and other museums.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lkmaloney
<Content>Hotel Caravaggio- a real find! The completely renovated Hotel Caravaggio is located on the Piazza Independenza, a short walk from sights like the Accademia and San Marco. The room we had here was lovely- roomy and charming, with a new and modern bathroom. Everything was very clean and it was air conditioned. The desk staff was very helpful and pleasant. This place was our third hotel in Florence during a two part stay, due to changes in our flight itinerary. We definitley would return- its a find. At 118 E a night it has everything going for it. Its a little further walk to the duomo and the center sights, but other than that it has only positives.   
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay This hotel is a great value. Just a short walk from the train station, perhaps 15-20 minutes from the Uffizi and Ponte Vecchio. Easy to get to pretty much everything.The staff are wonderful, very helpful and very amusing, very attentive. Our room was spotlessly clean. Nice bath, great view, very comfortable bed. The breakfast was simple, but fine...they really try to accomodate a wide range of guests so there are the usual breads, cheese, ham, but also cereals, yogurt, and hi-fiber crackers, fruit, etc. It was nice to see a lot of diversity too... there were all ages, people from Germany, US, Austrailia, UK and Italy when we stayed there. People with kids, older folks, gay couples and straight couples and people on their own. The hotel felt very safe to me, and it was quiet for the most part. People were very congenial. A few other things...they do not charge a phone surcharge for local calls, or connection to a toll-free call, and the stuff in the mini-bar is relatively inexpensive (Euro 1.50 for a can of soda).   
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Heather1RN
<Content>Carvaggio Hotel   showReview(2127414, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel!   showReview(1748989, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MissusB22801
<Content>Beautiful, comfortable, and a great value   showReview(1724308, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Salle 脿 manger avec des nappes...   showReview(22487849, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MICHELBelgique
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(22101554, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'h么tel est situ茅 sur une rue...   showReview(21556538, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Die Lage des Hotels ist gut...   showReview(22769849, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El Hotel esta ubicado a unas 4...   showReview(21663056, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel cercano a l'Academia, a...   showReview(21214699, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bonne situation, 10 min...   showReview(20923133, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous 茅tions 脿 Florence en...   showReview(20890682, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Los alrededores no est谩n tan...   showReview(20923190, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RomyWilliams
<Content>Decepcionante       vista fondo patio  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	2	2	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel, le personnel...   showReview(20329000, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Camera spaziosissima ma un po...   showReview(20237783, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>barretina_viatgera
<Content>El ruido infernal de la plaza, arruina la estancia   showReview(19547554, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	1	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>LO CONSIGLIO VIVAMNETE A TUTTE...   showReview(19948691, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Es la primera vez que hemos ido...   showReview(19868587, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel al centro della...   showReview(19492816, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nice hotel close to the train...   showReview(19189814, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>aitanaBilbao
<Content>centrico y silencioso   showReview(17523375, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Es recomendable por su...   showReview(17426626, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bruit important chambres cot茅...   showReview(17965463, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El 煤nico problema fue que las...   showReview(17965462, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>medinethabu
<Content>Un buen hotel       Habitacion triple  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Muy buena ubicacion cerca de la...   showReview(17602096, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Estuvimod 2 d铆as, lo bueno que...   showReview(16727353, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ho fatto questo viaggio con due...   showReview(16727352, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellente situation par...   showReview(16724650, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Accueil agr茅able. H么tel assez...   showReview(16726364, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel ; chambres bien...   showReview(14624123, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent hotel.Non loin du...   showReview(14078436, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le camere non sono curate ma...   showReview(13748378, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tutto ok. camere belle, pulite...   showReview(13775952, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel lo consiglio a...   showReview(13748374, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 脿 corespondu 脿 mes...   showReview(13000890, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo consigliatissimo...   showReview(12908698, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 a 5m dal centro, io e...   showReview(12908694, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>micaela77
<Content>Ottima scelta   showReview(11685185, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excelent h么tel, sans doute le...   showReview(11420687, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Estupendo, ha resultado un...   showReview(11420690, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La situacion del hotel es...   showReview(11420692, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tutto molto bello, ma la sala...   showReview(11420691, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Manca il parcheggio interno...   showReview(11420694, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Molto buono , elegante e...   showReview(11420693, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes, gem眉tliches Hotel...   showReview(11420695, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>EL HOTEL ES EXCELENTE, EL...   showReview(11420697, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes Hotel. Absolut...   showReview(11420696, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel ist sehr zu...   showReview(11420699, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fuimos tres chicas,la...   showReview(11420698, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Es un 3 estrellas sencillo pero...   showReview(11420700, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fuimos de vacaciones, la...   showReview(11420701, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excelente hotel si volviese a...   showReview(11420702, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Precioso dentro de lo visto en...   showReview(11420703, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sans contredit le meilleur...   showReview(11420704, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lucy001
<Content>muy bien ubicado   showReview(8234989, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel confortable et situ茅 tout...   showReview(12648895, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo. Buona la...   showReview(11420685, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Cinque giorni molto belli con...   showReview(11420705, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione ottima poiche in...   showReview(11420707, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ristrutturato recentemente...   showReview(11420706, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Siamo stati a Firenze per un...   showReview(11420686, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ens ha encantat. Est脿 molt...   showReview(11420688, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bien situado, sin llegar...   showReview(11420689, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Era la prima volta che...   showReview(11420708, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel sympathique... Personnel...   showReview(12650151, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes und sauberes Hotel in...   showReview(12650144, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo 猫 situato in...   showReview(12649384, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excelente relaci贸n...   showReview(12648350, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脡ramos dos parejas que...   showReview(11420684, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Salve, sia io che la mia amica...   showReview(11420709, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel est谩 muy bien...   showReview(11420710, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El lugar esta muy bien. Quizas...   showReview(11420712, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione...   showReview(11420711, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buen hotel, centrico...buena...   showReview(11420713, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Habitaci贸n amplia aunque sin...   showReview(11420714, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel excellent sur tous les...   showReview(11420715, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pour notre 1 er s茅jour 脿...   showReview(11420716, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel muy recomendable por...   showReview(11420717, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Netter, freundlicher Service...   showReview(11420718, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Realmente fue una estancia...   showReview(11420720, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Saubere,komfortable, ruhige...   showReview(11420725, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le immagini pubblicate sul sito...   showReview(11420727, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Petit sejour en Amoureux 脿...   showReview(11420729, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s bien situ茅 entre la...   showReview(11420728, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Veramente uno degli hotel pi霉...   showReview(11420731, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un albergo di ottima qualit脿...   showReview(11420732, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo 猫 accogliente...   showReview(11420733, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimi hotel, posizione...   showReview(11420735, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel esta muy bien por la...   showReview(11420736, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s agr茅able hotel, proche du...   showReview(11420737, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Servizio di alta qualit脿 e...   showReview(11420738, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Solicitamos una habitaci贸n...   showReview(11420740, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>No se puede pedir mas para su...   showReview(11420739, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s bien situ茅, o霉...   showReview(11420742, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent s茅jour 脿 Florence...   showReview(11420741, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Reservamos este hotel por las...   showReview(11420744, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nettes,kleines Hotel mit gutem...   showReview(11420743, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Solo encontramos a faltar el...   showReview(11420745, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel muy correcto. Desayuno...   showReview(11420746, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswertes Nichtraucher...   showReview(11420747, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima soluzione, comoda alla...   showReview(11420748, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo rapporto qualit脿 prezzo...   showReview(11420749, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La estancia fue tranqila y...   showReview(11420751, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La posizione dell'albergo 猫...   showReview(11420752, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Stanza molto piccola, doccia...   showReview(11420750, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'Hotel 猫 veramente grazioso, e...   showReview(11420753, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ci siamo trovati veramente...   showReview(11420754, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima struttura, personale...   showReview(11420755, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Desde el primer momento, tanto...   showReview(11420757, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Siamo state a firenze per due...   showReview(11420756, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E' uno dei pochi (se non...   showReview(11420759, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El Caravaggio es un hotel muy...   showReview(11420760, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>O nos dieron la mejor...   showReview(11420758, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ci siamo trovati veramente...   showReview(11420761, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E' stata una piacevolissima...   showReview(11420762, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo 猫 raggiungibile in...   showReview(11420764, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima struttura, accoglienza...   showReview(11420765, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Points positifs: Bonne...   showReview(11420766, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Es un hotel excelente, nuevo...   showReview(11420769, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Siamo rimasti molto soddisfatti...   showReview(11420768, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'ai 茅t茅 tr猫s satisfaite de...   showReview(11420770, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon accueil, personnels...   showReview(11420767, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sono stato benissimo...   showReview(11420772, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel est谩 muy bien, muy...   showReview(11420771, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un buon soggiorno in un...   showReview(11420773, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tra i migliori che in cui mi...   showReview(11420774, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Camera confortevole e...   showReview(11420775, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel situ茅 脿 5 minutes 脿 pieds...   showReview(11420777, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel recientemente reformado...   showReview(13548453, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo sia per la...   showReview(11420778, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wir hatten einen sch枚nen...   showReview(13532707, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Accueil tr猫s agr茅able...   showReview(11420779, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E' stata davvero un ottima...   showReview(13514211, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Muy buen servicio, Leonardo nos...   showReview(13514154, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo rapporto qualit脿/prezzo...   showReview(11420780, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E' un albergo molto bello nel...   showReview(13372238, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nuovissima struttura, con...   showReview(11420781, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excelente hotel, refaccionado a...   showReview(11420782, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

