<Author>WisTraveler1
<Content>Very Disappointing On a holiday road trip my boyfriend and I decided to detour to New Orleans on our drive home to Wisconsin from Florida. After 10 hours of driving we arrived at the Hotel New Orleans, we were originally supposed to stay at the Marriot next door, but the hotel over booked and sent us to the Hotel New Orleans on their dime for the first night. When we first arrived staff was friendly and the hotel seemed to have a nice charm to it. So to make things easy we just decided to stay the 2 nights here instead of switch back to the Marriot the next night. Our room seemed great, however the bathroom was in desperate need of updating. But everything was clean and we were happy. There was absolutely no parking and we had to pay to park in the lot a block down, which wasn't all that bad, it was only $15, which is cheaper than most city parking. On our second day, things unraveled. We both ended up coming down with a cold and after a long day of exploring the city we both were feeling miserable and just wanted to relax in our hotel before the next leg or our drive the next day. At 7 pm we tried to order room service because we felt too awful to even leave our room, I called the number they listed, I was told to call a different number, when I called them, I was transferred to the front desk, who them put me on hold and forgot I was there. I called a second time and again went through a game of phone tag. After almost 15 minutes I was finally able to place my order. Every staff member I spoke with was unfriendly and acted like I was burdening them by trying to order food. When the food came, it was marginal at best, definitely not worth what they charged us for it. A nasty thunderstorm was moving through the area and this caused the hotel's satelittes to cut out and our tv to go in and out all night. A major hotel in a storm ridden area should have a more secure system than this. I called the front desk to ask about it, and the staff was extremely unfriendly, they told me that there was nothing they could do. I explained that we were sick and just wanted to watch tv and relax, thinking they'd at least discount our room for the tv issue, but got no response. Shortly after, an engineer showed up at our door. Neither one of us wanted to deal with someone in our room when we were feeling miserable and lying around in our pjs! I just sent them away and said that we'd deal with it. Upon dealing with the man at the door, I noticed a huge pile of dust and dirt behind the door. Our room had wood floors, and it was quite obvious that the cleaning staff swept the floors and left the pile of dirt in the corner behind the door, and I doubt that it was an honest mistake from the attitude of most of the staff. The hotel is not not close to Bourbon St or the French Quarter, so if you're in town to enjoy the night life and the great restaurants and jazz in the French Quarter, which we were, stay somewhere else. We stayed here because we were ok with driving over to the areas we wanted to see, but we would have much happier somewhere else that was more worth the money we paid to stay here. The staff needs a serious attitude adjustment.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	1	2	

<Author>peppieecats
<Content>WORST STAY I stayed at Hotel New Orleans on 12/4/2008. Hotel New Orleans is the WORST hotel I have ever stayed in! The hotel doesn't have enough parking for all of it's guest which you are not told until you arrive and are told they have no parking. They didn't even have an open spot to unload our luggage. We had to park at another hotel that was located blocks away and take a cab with our luggage to Hotel New Orleans. Our room had a opened lifestyle condom package on the floor. They also had what looked like a chicken bone on the floor. It was very gross! The bed was hard like a rock. It was the WORST hotel stay! I would NEVER recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>CaptnBob
<Content>Very Nice My wife and I made a last minute decision to attend the New Orleans Jazz Festival and watch Jimmy Buffett. Nearly everything was completely booked. When I found this hotel and read the reviews I was a little wary but booked it anyway. I was VERY pleasantly surprised. The room was spacious and spotless. The bathroom could not have been better. The elevator requires your room key - nice security feature. Parking was just next door and costs $26 per day with in/out. (In downtown N.O, thats a deal) Location is very good, across from Convention Center and 5 minute walk to Harah's Casino. An internet computer was available in the lobby. The coffee maker didn't work but, hey, we were there to see Jimmy Buffett!  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>SwSe86
<Content>ok stay The room itself was so nice and the housekeepers did an excellent job. The only problem i had was with the front desk. They tride to charge me for parking despite the fact that i did not bring a car with me. Friends in the area picked me up everyday and then would drop me off. The morning i left i noticed the $22 a day charge and as can be imagined was surprised. I asked the woman and she said it was for my parking. I told her i did not have a car as a flew in and she proceeded to argue with me about it. Then she called my friends over and began questioning them if they had cars. My friends, who live in the area, were shocked as they had not even been up to the room. She ended up calling the manager who also felt the need to argue with me about it. Finally after about 30 minutes of arguing they removed the charges, hesitantly. They were rude and refused to work with me. A guest should never feel as though they are being accused of lying. Other then this the stay was fine. Rooms were spacious and nice, and for being in the city the room was suprisingly quiet.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>travel_lover008
<Content>not recommended I chose this hotel mainly because of the location as well as the reasonable price. However, I discovered there are many more nice hotels in the area and some even have better price and nicer rooms. It makes it worse that during my stay at the hotel, I got some bed bug bites. I did notice that the room was not that clean when I checked in. Just be very careful to check your bed if you decide to choose this one. The staff was not very helpful... maybe it was a busy season for them? Anyway, i would not go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	3	1	3	

<Author>sampson132
<Content>Great Place to Stay The hotel staff was very pleasant  helpful. The rooms were clean andcomfortable.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Auntie_MeMy
<Content>Loved It!!! Loved It!!! Loved It!!! I had been watching the availability of this hotel primarily because of this location (across from the Morial Convention Center). Even though our meeting was on the OTHER end of the Center, I was still glad I stayed at this hotel. From the moment I arrived everyone was helpful and attentive. The manager was at the desk and actually had the personnel change my room to a room that had just been renovated. I gave a little of a protest because I thought my original room was fine; am I glad I listened. The beds were comfortable, the room was spacious. I had a little problem with the internet connection and called a good number of times for help. NEVER did I get an attitude from the front desk. They were very apologetic and did whatever they could to get me connected. I felt like I was staying at home. I will DEFINITELY stay here again...and again... and again. :-)  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>Parrotheads
<Content>Nice bed, terrible service We booked this hotel on their website in May 2006 for March Gras, February 2007. For nine months, I called periodically direclty to the hotel to confirm and check on our reservation, including two days prior to arrival. We had booked a two bed, non-smoking that included breakfast. Each time we called, everything was perfect. I also verified we would have a late check-in. No problem. Upon arrival, we were told they did not have a reservation for us and not for that night because they were booked. I nearly exploded. I had documention (names, dates, times) of everytime I called plus my website receipt. I said, well, you'll have to upgrade us then. (There were overrun with members of Zulu whose ball was across the street). After several minutes he said they had a handicapped room with a king size bed. I argued for something with 2 beds because we had 3 in the room. He refused. I asked if they could bring a rollaway into the room. He refused. I asked if it was nonsmoking. At first he said he had no nonsmoking rooms, then found one. He told us we'd have to come back the following afternoon to get a double room. (This was impossible as we had paid tickets for the St. Charles parade stands for all day Saturday). We asked about the free breakfast and he acted like he did't know what we were talking about. Finally gave us the vouchers. In our room, we found the door barely opened or closed. The bed was nice and the room new and comfy. The handicpaped shower head had to be held in the hand which was a real pain. Our friend slept on the floor every night. We asked for two blankets for her, but were given one. The door worsened each day, making a really loud noise just to get inside. But we didn't want the repairmen in our room while we were away, which was every day all day long. Every morning at breakfast was a joke, so we skipped it one day. We were supposed to have $20 free breakfast, but they add tax and tip for you to pay regardless of how much you spend, even $5. And the tip was ridiculous (16% automatic) because we got no service. We asked for things we never received, we were ignored, we waited forever to be seated when no one was there, the food was the worst breakfast buffett quality we'v had, the restaurant had no skim milk, we saw others also get angry, no refills, got our own drinks...it was a pain. One lady was clueless. We asked for our bill twice....it took her nearly 12 minutes to bring it back. I don't think or this other man had ever waited tables and they are probably in their 50's. When we checked out, they had even charged us $20 for breakfast (the stupid lady had put the $20 coupon on our bill as a charge). At checkout the lady at the hotel front desk said it was a chronic problem..it took forever to fix as she and the restaurant mangager argued about whose responsibility it was to take care of it. We asked for late check-out (we are Priority Club members) and were only granted one hour (which they failed to tell housekeeping as two different ladies came banging on our door for us to leave so they could clean the room). **As a note, I stayed at this same hotel in St. Louis in November and the breakfast buffett was wonderful, totally free (no tax, tip on your own) with this room rate and the service was great.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bluesPower
<Content>Great Location... I stayed at the Holiday Inn select for 4 days in February for a convention. Booked it mainly because it was right across the street from the convention center, and the price was very reasonable.As soon as I arrived there was a problem with the phone. They sent a tech guy up but it was soon discovered that the guy at the front desk had forgotten to turn the phone on. Also signed up for internet access, which required another tech guy to be dispatched.The room was big and comfortable, but I could hear the TV's from both adjoining rooms as clearly as my own. This unfortunately evolved in to whose TV goes the loudest contests on at least one occasion. Breakfast was good but service was slow to non-existent.Unless you are attending an event at the convention center I would stay elsewhere, and even if you are the Marriott or Hampton Inn might be better choices...  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	2	1	4	

<Author>aphein
<Content>Saved my night On Dec 31, 2006 my husband and I planned a last min trip to New Orleans and booked a room at a very nasty hotel. By chance we were lucky enough to find somewhere esle to stay and that was here Holiday Inn Select. For $40 more I got to stay here and it was clean, nice, and quit. We were a little far from Bourbon which is where we were going to be hanging out for the night so that was the only bad thing Oh and the price of breakfast the next moring in the dinning room was $30.00 for 2 adults. I thought that was a little pricey for a buffet of cereal, fruits, bacon, toast, scrambled eggs, gritts, and juice or milk. Besides that it was a nice hotel to stay at I would stay there again if I had to.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	3	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant Suprise I stayed in this hotel April 11- 13. Trusting the trip advisor reviews, of course, I have prepared for the worst but was pleasantly surprised. The hotel is very conveniently located to the convention center and river walk. Rooms are spacious and clean, granted the building is old like all in the downtown New Orleans and I would recommend taking slippers to wear at the room (but I do it in every hotel I stay at). The staff was very very friendly and helpful. There is a lovely wroth-ironed courtyard in the lobby (housing the hotel restaurant) that extends through the entire floors up to the glass sealing 鈥?it鈥檚 lovely. If I ever come back for a convention 鈥?I will definitely stay there. Needless to say 鈥?the prices are very reasonable.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Underwhelming I rely on this site for advice and it has never let me down. So I feel an obligation to report. I just stayed here for a convention ... the only thing I have positive to stay is the location is excellent ... right across the street from the convention center.Before I start, realize that New Orleans is not an ideal place for business. Outside of the food (which is unbelievable), the facilities, hotels and overall customer service is practically third world. I travel a lot, but I'm not even that picky.My big gripe here is the cleanliness, service of the staff and food. My carpet was disgusting with stains everywhere. I wore flip flops in the room as to avoid the carpet. Apparently this is common in New Orleans though as I've had this before and my travel companions at the Hilton had the same complaint. The wall paper was also peeling off the walls. My high speed connection didn't work in the room ( i did find a low speed wireless connection somewhere). In short it was a dump.Service is terribly slow and bad. Anytime I called front desk or bell ... the phone rang multiple times and sometimes was never even picked up. My card key didn't work after a morning run and I rang the bell for 10 minutes at the front desk (7:00 AM) ... finally a service worker went back and got someone. They took so long to check you out it was unbelievable. If there was a complaint about your bill (both I and the group in front of me), you had to wait for the manager because the staff is unable to do anything. I decided to forgo the slight overcharge rather than wait a half hour for some lazy manager to come see me. Then they charged me $50 because I had to check out early (after a 4 night stay), yet I gave them notice at 9:00AM that morning. That has never happended to me anywhere else.The food choices are slim as well, but at least it wasn't bad. Stay elsewhere. I heard the Hilton rooms were not good, but the people seemed competent when I went there for meetings and drinks at least. They also had a great location. I heard the Loews is the nicest in the area from multiple people.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>millemille
<Content>Not the place to be if you are going to Mardi Gras Overall, this is a beautiful hotel in the Business District. Very clean, very quiet. The staff however are very unprofessional. Melissa, the first front desk person was rather rude and didn't tell one of my friends that got there before the rest of us that if you use your debit card they will take the entire amount out of your account automatically. Had he known about the ATM machine around the corner, he would've paid differently. When the rest of us arrived, Melissa refused to give my friend (who was staying with the debit card guy) her key card to check in because her name wasnt on the reservation. Keep in mind my name was on the reservation and I was standing there and had just checked in. When we got there, we weren't given any pamphlets or guides how to get around and found ourselves walking like crazy until we figured out the trolley system near the Riverwalk Mall. Also, no one explained to us how close the parade was to us and AGAIN we were walking into some not so cool areas to see a parade, especially at night. It wasn't until we caught up with Kenny in concierge that we realized exactly where to stand for the parade. The hotel food there was so-so and quite expensive. Be prepared to pay 15 bucks and over for food that is not hot. The person who brought our food to us forgot some of the stuff and by the time he brought it to us, we were practically done eating. Housekeeping cleaned our room once and we had to just about sit the garbage in the middle of the hallway for them to get it. It was either, let them in at 8am after having a hangover the night before or get no service at all. We kept telling the same girl to come around 1pm only to find out at the end of the trip she gets off at 1pm. (No wonder we couldnt get anything done) When we did catch housekeeping to at least get clean towels, we got everything but face towels. In the other room my friends were staying in, the heat stopped working. I asked for the number to the airport and they connected me to the airport shuttle. When I really needed the airport shuttle, they connected me to guest services. We saw maintenance more than we saw housekeeping. The shuttle which picked you up and took you to the french quarter or Harrah's Casino was so slow, you were better off walking. Something we became quite familiar with on this trip. Now if I could trade the staff of Le Richielieu with the Holiday Inn Select staff, it would have been a great place to stay and I would have known from day one how to get around town.   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NWLAteacher
<Content>location vs. a horrible hotel I just got back from a teaching convention in New Orleans. I was so lucky to stay at the Holiday Inn across the street from the Morial Convention Center--or so I thought. I have visited New Orleans more than 20 times over the years and this was the worst hotel I have visited in this lovely city. New Orleaneans are very warm and welcoming...except here. They were rude, barely willing to help the members of my party. And forget about eating in the restaurant. They were out of just about everything...and this was at breakfast. The rooms were clean, but the a.c. didn't work. The beds were harder than concrete. Folks, the location just wasn't worth it. Stay at the Hilton down the way or any of the other hotels closeby and walk or take a trolley.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good choice I would highly recommend this hotel. Besides, the great location, the rooms were clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. It his difficult to pick a hotel when you do not know the area. I got lucky with this one.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised Very impressed with the decor, maintenance, cleanliness, and service of this Holiday Inn. I have had bad experiences with the cleaniness and upkeep of Holiday Inns over the last 18 months. I stayed here with a family reunion and I will definitely stay at this Holiday Inn when visiting New Orleans.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convient if you need to go to the Convention Center... We selected this hotel because it was across from the Convention center and that was MOST convenient. The hotel was pleasant and the employees were ALL very nice and helpful, especially the valet on duty when we checked in.However, you usually learn more from a persons complaints, so here are ours: The beds in our room were extremely HARD and my husband said he felt like he had been trying to sleep on concrete and had gotten no rest at all. We have stayed at many hotels, but I have never had a bed as hard as this one.The first night we went to the resturant and it took over 2 hours to eat, waiting VERY long periods to be seated and served. While waiting, we saw a number of people enter, seat themselves when no one came to seat them, only to leave in fustration when no one waitied on them. The resturant seemed understaffed and we were told it was always like this at night. Breakfast was much better, as there were more employees present. The food itself was good.We were quoted $26 a day to park our truck, and then when we arrived no parking spots were available. I had called ahead specifially to ensure parking and we were told it wouldn't be a problem. The annoying things was that parking was available directly next door at $7.00 A DAY, but no one told us this when we called.That is the sum of our complaints. The hotel had a shuttle to take customers around town and we only had to walk across the street to the convention center. We were able to catch the trolly right next to the convention center, and the casino was within walking distance if you wanted to go during the day (the shuttle runs only in the evening). The hotel appears huge in the picture, but it is a lovely medium-size hotel. The elevators would only allow you on room floors if you had a key card, so we felt pretty secure.We would definately come back to this hotel (but would check about the beds, first!).  
<Date>Jul 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xiphoid76
<Content>Pleasant surprise What a pleasant surprise. Perfect location - right across from the convention center yet within a comfortable walk to the French Quarter. The hotel room was quite spacious and the staff was very friendly and helpful. If going to a convention in New Orleans, I would highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hilton Quality, Holiday Inn Price I had to switch to this hotel after my stay in New Orleans was extended and there were no rooms available at the lovely Hilton Garden in the Warehouse District. I was quite leary, as I had been totally pleased by the Hilton and have a negative impression of Holiday Inn. What a pleasant surprise! The hotel was clean, well-maintained, and the service was to luxury-hotel standards. An even better location that the nearly-perfectly situated Hilton, right across from the convention center in the absolute center of the chic Warehouse District. Close enough to walk to the French Quarter, but far enough away to have a civilized stroll in the beautifully renovated historic district with shops, restaurants, bars, galleries, and nightclubs on the ground floor and swank-looking loft condos above. The best museums in New Orleans: the National D-Day Museum, the Ogden Museum for Southern Art, the Childrens Museum, and the Aquarium of the Americas, are all just steps away, so its a perfect location for both adults and kids!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel for a great price We stayed at this hotel from March 13-16, 2003. It is in a great location, the rooms are large and very clean. Valet parking is expensive, but there is a garage conveniently located right next door for $10/day to self-park. The staff here was very friendly and Kenny, the bellman is exceptional. The rate (if booked in advance) makes this hotel a great value. It is close to the riverfront streetcar and has a (somewhat unreliable) shuttle to the French Quarter and Harrah's. The walk to the quarter can be done in about 20 minutes, so that isn't a bad option either.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

