<Author>neilyork
<Content>Nice place, nice location We stayed at the Velvet over New Year 08/09 and it cost 拢70 per night, booking with the hotel's website.Finding the hotel was very easy - the nearest S-Bahn station is a very short walk away. Upon arrival I was impressed at the modern look and feel of the Velvet and the reception was pleasing. We were allocated a street facing room on the sixth floor so had the benefit of a floor to ceiling window - the views are great! I was a little disappointed with the room - the quality was excellent - but our bed was nothing more than a pull out sofa type and our room was 601.1 which had an adjoining door so I suspect that when the hotel isn't full, they treat our room as 601's sitting area to make 601 a Suite-type room. We also didn't experience the middle-of-room shower!Having said the above, it is a nice hotel and I wouldn't hesitate to return.Wireless Internet is free in public areas and Cabled Internet is chargeable in the room - I think it's 12 Euro a day.We didn't eat in the hotel at all, so I cannot comment on catering standards.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DancingEmpress
<Content>Great hotel, great location! We picked this based on guidebook reviews and looking at the website, and it initially looked like the best for the price. We ended up feeling like it was a true hotel steal! The room was spacious, comfortable, and very has good heating which is important in the winter! It is very conveniently located, a nice walk to most of our destinations, and an incredibly easy walk to public transportation if the destination is too far.We didn't eat at the pricey buffet, but the instead used the coffee shop next door. There is also a small organic grocery store nearby, in addition to many great restaurants.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CR5
<Content>Lively Arrived in a deluge of rain and was a little disappointed to have a room overlooking a courtyard rather than the Oranienburger Strasse. However, it was a decent room. Satellite TV/DVD player and great furnishings including an enormous wet room/shower albeit in the middle of the room. But hey thats why you stay here- for something different!In a lively area of town and brilliant for getting around. We did it all on foot bar the bus TXL to and from the airport. The hotel is placed at the top end of the the street near Oranienburger Tor and is very very close to the U Bahn.Didnt bother with a 15 Euro breakfast but went down Friedrich Strasse (or something like that!!) and picked up a coffee, cake and roll for undfer 7 Euro for the 2 of us. There is a great pizzeria next to the hotel with enormous pizzas at great value.If I go again I would definitely stay in this area of Berlin.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>kfryd
<Content>Perfect location, helpful staff, nice design The hotel was recommended by TripAdvisor as a one of the top bargain deals in Europe and Arcotel fully deserves it. Only 5 minutes walk to the Hackescher Markt area and to the Friedrishstrasse but you really don't need to go anywhere if you look for good spots in Berlin. Probably the best hotel deal I've ever made.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>galloping_grannie
<Content>location, location, location Wonderful place for a hotel in the middle of the Schauenviertel, off Friedrichstrasse right next to Tacheles. Everything happens on Oranienburg but the hotel is quiet, friendly and well designed. Lovely large room and bathroom; we had a suite on the 6th floor with wonderful views.The website said 'kitchenette' but there wasn't even a kettle, however they produced one immediately when asked. We had coffee and museli and fruit in the cafe next door each morning (much better value than the hotel buffet for those who don't want a huge meal first thing in the morning). The only 'minus' was the lack of cupboard/drawer space for 2 of us staying almost a week.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>LeonardoAversa
<Content>Excellent! Stayed for 6 nights on July. Really nice room with giant windows and a tastefully decoration (exactly like the website picts) . The staff is friendly . Hotel location is the best, with a lot of restaurants ,cafes and attractions in a walking distance. The breakfast is a little pricey but you can have it for half price at the nice cafe right next door.A real boutique hotel. I strongly recommend it  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Moscow_traveller
<Content>Boutique / modern style - reasonable rate Once again Trip Advisor helped us pick this hotel. Overall it did what we wanted, a modern boutique style hotel in Berlin at a reasonable price. The bathrooms were a little strange being part of the room separated by a net curtain, (so go with someone you are friendly with..) The bed was comfortable. FYI - the in room DVD player is hidden in the furniutre and the Infra Red could not see the front of the DYD player.. - hence you have to get out of bed to switch it off / change scenes / use the menu!Location is fine, about 20 minute walk to the Brandenburg gate. There are lots of restaurants in the area. We were there during the transport strike and got round everywhere by mainly our feet and the odd taxi and everything was easily reached which we wanted to do.Only bizarre thing is the internet access. In the rooms it is with a wire and wireless in the lobby. If you want a 24 hour pass, you have to decide on the wire or the wireless, so, its not possible to switch between the two locations (sometimes useful when my fionce wants to sleep in the morning. and I have insomnia....). However, this was quite easily solved by finding the coffeee shop next door (walk out of the hotel and turn left) which has free WIFI, power sockets and a great cappuccino.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	1	

<Author>IPool
<Content>Fabulous! My husband and I stayed for 7 nights at the Arcotel Velvet in Berlin this past July. The hotel was GREAT! Fantastic location, walking distance to great shopping, museums, bars and all kinds of restaurants right on our doorstep. We didn't eat at the Austrian restaurant downstairs, a bit pricey especially since we're veg., but many vegetarian options (falafels, italian, asian) just steps from the hotel. We stayed in a suite on the top floor of the hotel. Very reasonably priced, spacious and clean. Great views of the Berlin rooftops out our front windows and funky views of the graffiti clad club out our back door.Hotel staff was very pleasan, helpful and unpretentious.Definitely one of our best hotel experiences ever.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MareAlexandria_VA
<Content>Lots of memories We stayed at this hotel last spring based on positive reviews from Trip Advisor. This will add to those positive reviews. The hotel room is very comfortable and very modern chic - you have to like bold colors to stay here. The bed was cozy and there was a large plasma screen tv. I loved the floor to ceiling windows; we had a view of the street and thought it interesting to watch people come and go. Our room was on the third floor so we didn't have any problem with noise from the street. The toilet and shower are separate from the room but there is no door for privacy. This wasn't a big deal for us. However, the sink was a strange size - it was unusually large and, being short, I had a difficult time reaching the faucet handles. I thought the corridor from the elevator to the rooms was too dark but I guess this was part of the whole mod look. We didn't go to the bar since there was too much cigarette smoke for my comfort (the lobby which is right off the bar also smelled smokey). We did try the breakfast buffet downstairs, which was delicious though a bit pricey. Other days we just walked down the street to a cafe and had coffee and pastries. We liked the location of the hotel which was close to the museums and the subway. It's a great hotel for couples or singles; not for families. We would definitely stay here again if we're in Berlin.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>MisterFivestar
<Content>Liked it for my short solo stay I was in Berlin on an academically-related business deal in Mitte, and my artistically inclined colleagues were impressed that I was staying at the fishbowl but warned me not to forget to close the curtains! I did in fact have one of the front rooms, which had an entire wall of glass part of the hotel frontage. Being on the first floor, I was entirely visible to the outside world (unless the curtains were drawn).The shower and washbasin area is part of the room, a trend I've seen in many similarly priced hotels attempting to be trendy whilst cramming more stuff into a small space the world over. Not for couples or room-sharers who like privacy from one another. I didn't mind it though as I was by myself. I normally choose hotels with top services as I spend so much time traveling, this one however was chosen just for the location. It's fairly basic service-wise. I would recommend this hotel to people who get a good deal on it and think it's interesting and exotic to be in a room with a funny layout and an artsy decor.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>YorkshireNic
<Content>Excellent hotel - loved it! Stayed at the hotel for 7 nights in August.All staff were very friendly. The room was immaculate and decorated in a modern yet comfortable style. Rooms have air conditioning and external blackout blinds were good touches.The room had a large shower with a glass door which was within a curtained room, which also housed a large sink. The toilet was in a separate room from the bedroom and shower area. At first I thought having the shower in the main room would lack privacy, but actually it was fine.The hotel is located on a street with a lot of excellent bars and restaurants. The U and S bahn stops are only 1 minute walk from the hotel and the tram stops directly oppsite the hotel. The hotel is in an excellent location for visiting many of the sights Berlin has to offer.The hotel is also secure with a digital safe in the room and to get access to the rooms you have to use your room card to activate the lift. Although I should mention that this is a very safe and friendly are.I would definately recommend this hotel and I am in fact planning on booking another holiday here soon!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TurfShanghai
<Content>The hotel in red Arcotel enjoys a great location. The hotel is located in the Mitte area and is connected by both U Bahn and S Bahn subway lines. The first night we were checked in a room at the back of the building which wasn't ideal, as there's a bar/disco downstairs that will keep you awake all night. In fairness, this room has a nice terrace which is shared by guests of the rooms next to us, which we liked but we couldn't stand the noise. So we requested to move to one of the rooms at the front the next morning. The hotel staff was nice and professional, and they delivered what they promised. This room facing the front with a better view is bigger and has a nicer shower. The Lounge at the hotel has a cool cocktail selection, worth a try if you stay there. It was overall a pleasant experience. A cool place!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>TKgirl
<Content>Nice hotel in a perfect location, would recommend This is a great hotel in a perfect location. The noise from the street is ok, we didn't lose any sleep over it. The design aspect can mostly be found in the rooms, there are many nice little details that are worth checking out. The hotel personnel is young but knowledgable and helpful. I would definitely come back again.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Freischwimmer
<Content>Excellent! With respect to all the reviews on tripadvisor I decided to book the hotel as well. And I wasn't disappointed; far from it! The Arcotel is best located on the popular Street Oranienburger Stra脽e, the subway Friedrichstra脽e is nearby, the rooms are extreme tasteful decorated and stylish and the staff is polite and helpful.Before you book check the design of the Hotel - if you like it do not hesitate to save your stay in this breathtaking hotel!  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Dah Bar
<Content>Concept Hotel Tries Hard, and it works, mostly       Hotel is gray to left of tall exhaust pipe  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>Feline_Fine
<Content>Perfect location, distinctive hotel My friend and I stayed here last weekend and loved the hotel.Arcotel is in the perfect location - walking distance to the tourist sights and shops, and right on the main street for bars and restaurants, so no need to walk far or use public transport at night. 30 seconds walk to the U-Bahn if you don't enjoy walking. The rooms were lovely, comfortable bed, good facilities and very clean. Mini bar was overpriced though but aren't they always! The staff were friendly although our rooms weren't ready when we arrived mid afternoon. Didn't use the restaurant or the bar - far more interesting/cheap places and a great deal of variety as you make your way up the street. Have dinner and cocktails in the Singapore restaurant across the road.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>xeno111
<Content>Arcotel Velvet: Great Hotel Stellar Location Friendly, helpful, knowledgeable staff who gave us excellent recommendations. Well appointed rooms, very large for the money by European standards. Highly recommended for travelers under 35 looking to explore Berlin's nightlife. Fantastic location near plenty of restaurants and nightlife, with good access to transit to explore the rest of Berlin. Street noise can be loud, so if you plan to go to bed early, request a room facing the back. The restaurant serves an ample all you can eat buffet (including champagne), but at 15 Euros per person is a pricey option, and can be easily skipped given all the great places to eat nearby.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>greggoak
<Content>style and location This hotel offers great value. The combination of style, location and price can't be beat. The giant windows are great (and don't worry, the street-side rooms are quiet), the rooms look exactly like they do on the hotel Web site (minimalist chic), and the location is in the heart of one of the most interesting parts of Berlin, and a short walk to many of the major museums and sites. The street the hotel is on is a bit touristy, but walk a few blocks in either direction and you get away from that. This definitely felt like a hotel for younger people, but probably not great for families.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>RufusTFirefly
<Content>Very Nice Experience at the Velvet Two couples spent 3 nights at the Velvet in late November. It's unique, interesting, and comfortable. Felt special staying there. Good location with public transportation at the door. Lots of nice restaurants and bars in the area--all sorts of ethnic restaurants as well as a variety of traditional German places. Easy walk to the Museum Island and many other sights. Staff members were very helpful to us in everything from good dining recommendations, to providing directions and travel tips, to printing out our airline bording passes for us the night before our flight home. We aren't big breakfast eaters, so we got our breakfasts at a little place next door that had pastries, cereal, coffee, etc.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Dawnage
<Content>A stylish choice       Bed  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>woodymark2
<Content>great hotel, great loaction We stayed at the Arcotel in September 2007 and couldn't have picked a better hotel if we'd tried. We booked a suite (more of an apartment) on the top floor, which was great value compared to other cities. The suite was spotlessly clean, had 4 rooms with great views and a very comfy bed. We didn't have the breakfast, as we had read it was very expensive, but there was no shortage of places to eat on Oranienburger Strasse, so no problem there. Also, don't get too concerned about the 'Working Girl's', they don't bother anyone (who doesn't want to be). Also, the post atomic looking hippy centre (I can't remember the name sorry), is definatly worth a look. We were initially put off but went in on our last night and realised we'd almost missed out on a bit of gem.Myself and my partner are in our thirties, so were aprehensive about the hotel and area possibly being too young for us. But on the contry, we found it to be a bit of something for everyone.The only bad point I can think of is on occasion the staff, while friendly, were lacking in customer service experience. When we were leaving, we were not informed that our cab had arrived (even though they booked it), eventually the cab driver asked us while sat in reception if we were his customer (luckily my German is good). Also, whenever we went to the bar, the barman was always trying to push us to buy cocktails, when the majority of the time, all we wanted was a beer.But these were very minor gripes compared to the overall experience, which was very enjoyable. I definately recommend the Arcotel Velvet and Berlin, a great hotel and fantastic city!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Paupy
<Content>Funky new hotel My husband and I stayed here for a weekend and we really liked it.Room was extremely clean and we actually got what we requested - one that was far away from the elevator shaft - which is rare.We got a room facing the street at the front of the hotel but weren't bothered by noise at all. We struggled to get the blinds closed completely but given that we were in Berlin over a grey, wintery weekend there was no problem with light. Really liked the open plan bathroom, although my husband noticed that the shower was prone to sudden short, sharp increases in temperature - he tends to take hotter showers than I do, so beware of that if you're partial to parboiling yourself too. We took breakfast in the hotel each day - no doubt we could have found cheaper options in one of the cafes outside, but we noticed that most of these came with the cold meats and cheese that characterise German breakfasts which we don't eat, so taking advantage of the hotel buffet each morning was a much better option for us. You have the option to help yourself to champagne too if boozing at breakfast is your thing. Our only gripes with the hotel was that we had two small single duvets rather than one large one and the pillows were so flat and tiny that we woke up with sore necks - my husband's remained painful for a week afterwards. However, the receptionist took the time to ask us about this when we checked out which I thought was good. Watch out for the hotel bar prices - beers here were 6 euro compared to 3 euro outside. Overall I would recommend this place and stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>JaseK
<Content>Great Hotel and Location Great Hotel in a very vibrant and upcoming location. A few ladies of the night around after dark but this only adds to the character of the place. We stayed in a top floor suite and the decor was sparse but functional and the windows with fantastic views and blackout blinds were great. Overall a fun experience.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>xxrrttyy
<Content>Very Good Place I stayed at the Velvet for two nights recently, and was extremely happy with this hotel. Service was first-rate, room was nice, clean and modern, breakfast buffet outstanding, location ideal.  The only things I would comment on that were not 100% positive were: if you opened the window in my room (which was in an easterly direction) you could hear music from a night club down the street, a bit annoying. But being October I didn't have the window open much. The other thing (very minor) was that when you check in, you're provided with two cards: one is a key card, the other you insert into the wall to turn on the power supply of your room. This is very modern and certainly energy-efficient, which I applaud. But we were not told of this when we checked in, and being less than techno-savvy, there were a few annoying minutes when we tried to figure out how the hell to turn on the power!  That being said, there are many excellent reasons to stay at the Velvet. The front desk staff was extraordinarily helpful, meeting every need promptly and more. Certainly they provided better service than most. The room was exactly as advertised (no nasty surprises): very clean  well kept, beds comfortable, bathroom facilities very good. We debated whether to take the breakfast buffet, since it was 12 Euros and not included with the room. However, it was entirely worth it, especially if you're hungry. A really first-class breakfast.  The location on Oranienburgstrasse is very convenient also. There's an U-Bahn station literally around the corner, and an S-Bahn station about 2 minutes walk. There are also a multitude of restaurants in the neighborhood, just about anything your palate desires. As an aside, Several blocks down is the Yi Spa, where they give an absolutely incredible massage. For those with physical problems or just wanting to relieve some stress, Yi Spa gave me the best massage I have ever had (out of about 500+ I have had). The front desk staff set this up for me.  I enthusiastically recommend the Velvet!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>stevewynnerival
<Content>Cool, funky and exciting Why stay in a crappy chain where you could be in any city in any country when you could stay in a unique, funky, memorable hotel like the Arcotel Velvet Berlin.The bathroom is part of the room (there is no door separating it from the bedroom) and it's amazing - a real feature. And it still offers privacy (unless you really want to look).A million TV channels, lots of space, a mini-kitchenette with small hob and fridge, great breakfast in the restaurant, attentive staff, the list goes on.It's not even that expensive.Great location - right in the middle of some great bars and local culture.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aMid-aSmi
<Content>Excellent hotel in excellent location Just returned from Long weekend in Berlin, staying at the Arcotel. Really nice hotel with very comfortable trendy style rooms ideal. If you're planning to be out and about all day sightseeing, then this place is ideal, excellent location and most of the sites are 30 min walk away and there is a tram stop right outside and tube 100m away. Plenty of restaurants, bars and clubs around the hotel of all styles, no need to wander more than 15 mins of the hotel to find something you'll like. Found wandering back to the hotel bar after dinner was good way to finish the evening as the cocktails they serve are really good and the bar is nice place to unwind in. Other than the nice rooms and good bar, hotel doesn't offer many facilities, breakfast will set you back 15 euro pp and it's ok if you can't be bothered to go out and find somewhere. One word of warning. If you come out of the hotel late in the evening and turn right, after about 20m or so you will start to come across 'ladies of the night' standing around. Whilst it is a warning, don't be put off as that's the main direction of the bars and restaurants. Unless you are single or group of guy(s), then you'll have no hassle at all, otherwise you may have to say 'No' - a lot!!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Fee33
<Content>Funky Hotel This is a lovely hotel in the Mitte area of Berlin. Very close to several U Bann Stations. Rooms were clean, good sized and well decorated with modern decor. There is a Flat Screen TV with DVD player - so be sure to bring some CD's if you are staying - we forgot! Rooms were quiet given the busy street outside,The only thing that could have been included was breakfast - which there was a charge of 12 Euro per person for. If you walk outside the hotel there are plenty of eating placed closeby. The Indian place directly across the road was really nice for dinner and drinks - There are also a few italian's nearby.All in all a really nice 4 star hotel  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>SelinaE
<Content>Trendy hotel, with a great location Decided to booked this hotel on our recent trip to Berlin based on the reviews given from Tripadvisor members and we were not disappointed. The location was just great and the hotel was new, trendy and it was a refreshing change from the standard hotel chains which we would usually stay in. The staff was friendly and efficient. We have requested for a late check out and was quickly obliged. Just outside the hotel are many restaurants. One in particular which we went to was a Cuban restaurant called QBA. The food was good, great cocktails and live Cuban music too. The place had a great atmosphere and was very reasonably priced. Both hotel and restaurant comes highly recommended !  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>osk77
<Content>Good choice for youg people Great place to stay. Oranienburger strasse is definitely a cool are of the city and this hotel fits with that personality. I would just say that this is a choice for younger-crowds, the hotel is located ina party area. A bit of noise during the weekends.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>NJS72
<Content>Cool place, top location We stayed 3 nights and would recommend the hotel to anyone wanting to be in a great location for a few nights. As stated in other reviews the hotel is stylish and modern chic. Staff were great, nothing too much trouble.Breakfast is OK, but a bit prices, there are plenty of coffee places adjacent offering good food at 陆 the price.The ONLY drawback was the very short clothes rail, only 5 or 6 inches, not enough for too many items, a real design oversight. They supplied a iron and ironing board so I could press a shirt each day (as I couldn鈥檛 hang them) but this may be a pain if you have a few suits or lots of dresses, shirts, i.e staying for more than just a few nights. If the above is no issue, then this place is 5/5 all the way. And the location is simply fantastic, bars, restaurants, easy walking to lots of the centre and adjacent to the metro.Berlin was wonderful, well worth a visit and the people everywhere were great. We booked via lastminute.com and got a free upgrade to 鈥榮uperior鈥?room, slightly larger than standard.Once you have booked, phone and reserve your room. Unfortunately the Germans are still big smokers so none smoking rooms are not the norm, phone and reserve.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ManchesterTartanLad
<Content>Great location, great hotel       Comfy Bed  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jft678
<Content>Nice hotel, shame about the noise First impressions were of a really nice hotel, in a great location, with pleasant, helpful staff. We had asked for a quiet room and were pleased to be allocated one at the back, given that the hotel is on a busy street. Unfortunately the noise from the surrounding bars and clubs kept us awake all three nights we were there, well into the early hours. One night, at 2am, it was so bad I had to take the mattress off my bed and drag it to the small corridor by the bathroom to get some respite. A great shame as otherwise the hotel is good value for money and I would have been very happy to go there again.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Delaware012
<Content>Great hotel - great location I just returned from a week at the Arcotel and had a wonderful time. What a fun hotel! The hotel has an unusual design and great floorplan. We were looking for a hotel that reflected the international travel, yet provided a spacious and comfortable living area. We stayed in a suite and had more room than we needed. The floor to ceiling windows were fabulous and gave a great view of the area. When needed, there were shutters and blinds you could use to afford privacy. The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly. Checkin and checkout were efficient. Our only complaints were that the bed was a bit hard and the pillows were lumpy and not great. However, we would stay here again in a heartbeat. The hotel is in a great location - near the U-bahn and S-bahn. There are great restaurants right across the street. We felt perfectly safe and did not find the night life uncomfortable. If you are looking for a funky hotel with lots of personality, then this is a great choice.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PoosieMelbourne
<Content>Loved it! We booked this hotel because of its unique rooms and great location and were not disappointed. The hotel is in a great location with lots of restaurants and really great shops nearby - no chains in sight!! The other great benefit of this place was its proximity to the main sights and public transport. Many reviews have commented on the fact that the bathroom is not walled off from the room but I loved it - it's something different from the stock standard hotel room!! There is a curtain which acts as a wall, and in our room, the shower was in a corner so I couldn't see my hubby having a shower anyway. The toilet is completely separated which is the most important issue - after all, that would be way too much information!!! The welcome pack with information on Berlin was really handy and very welcoming. One thing I did find a little unusual was that the toiletries weren't replenished on a daily basis - not sure why but it didn't bother us as we'd collected more than enough little shampoos and soaps on our travels to last a long time! Free internet access was great as well to check your emails.My only word of advice is not to bother with the bar downstairs - we found that drinks were pretty cheap in Berlin with lots of choice, but the Arcotel's drink prices were not competitive, so we gave the bar a miss.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ullodea
<Content>Love at first sight Clean, uber-modern (and easy on the eye) and incredibly friendly staff. Small touches like room scent and dvd player went a long way. Rooms are smallish but well laid out and contemporary. Punches above it's weight as a value proposition. Location is great, at food/bar heart of East Berlin. Note ample splattering of colour red!!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>dopee36
<Content>Very Modern It's a nice hotel and right in the middle of everything. It's very modern. The shower and sink were in the room, separated by a curtain and the toilet was in a separate room. Our room looked onto the street which was hopping even at 4am. It's a little odd that anyone walking down the hall could find out if you were in the room or not (room numbers are lit in red or green)All in all, it's a very nice hotel, but I don't know if I'd stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>maturecouple60plus
<Content>Loved the hotel Have just returned from a 4 day trip to Berlin. This hotel was 1st class. The rooms were really nice. We had a quite room with a conventional bathroom. It is very close to the Uban and the Sban which made it really easy to travel around. A really good place to eat was just on the corner from the Sban underground. We ate there morning and evening and the staff were great. Turn right when you leave the hotel and walk to the Sban underground.If you really want to shop you should stay near the main shopping area. The KaDaWe is like Harrods.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>gorka
<Content>Very good A very nice hotel in a fantastic location. The hotel decoration is diferent and the location fantastic, if i return to Berlin I will stay here again.Surrounded by a lot of good restaurants, the only con, perhaps, the breakfast, a little bit expensiveReally nice hotel  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>cityscaped
<Content>Hipster paradise and the best hotel of the trip by far. I decided to go to Berlin rather suddenly and had one night to find a room -- the Arcotel was one of a very few places in my price range that had both availability and a location in Mitte. Despite some of the reviews (particularly with regard to the bathrooms), I said, as others have, 'Screw it, it's Berlin,' and booked a room. Upon arriving, I knew I'd made the right choice -- despite showing up as a backpacker (enormous rucksack, exhausted look, clothes and hair a mess, that lovely train smell), I was greeted as though I was someone's long lost sister and as though my arrival had saved the day. I was checked in instantly, treated with respect and friendliness (not always the case, given my age and the backpack) ('How was the trip?' etc.), and given a room on the fourth floor with a stunning view of the street. I was surprised that I had such a great view since I'd booked via hotels.com.The room was surprisingly spacious -- queen size bed, generous desk, plenty of bathroom space, a chair, and a wardrobe, and I never found myself tripping over things or felt crowded. As a bonus, the bathtub in the room was enormous and quite deep; I took several baths during my stay, as the tub was just that good (and the shower gel provided smells delicious). It was well decked out -- leather trimmings, black and red, plenty of punchy personality -- to the point where I felt a bit too uncool to be staying there. There are a lot of 'little things' that take a bit of getting used to. While the room does have blackout curtains, with floor to ceiling windows that's a bit of an impossibility to begin with, but the curtains are also divided into three panels, meaning there are always a few small gaps through which light comes in. If you are absolutely insistent that there be no light whatsoever, then, yes, you will find that a problem (so bring an eye mask or stay somewhere else). As others have mentioned, the open(ed) bathroom gives more space and dimension to the room, but it could be a bit awkward if you're not on good terms with your roommate. If you're alone, however, it's great, as you can pull back the curtains and have a clear view of the TV while in the tub. Another note: this is not, I'll admit, a family friendly hotel; unless you've discussed the facts of life with your children, the 'male pill' condom pack might be a bit awkward, and it isn't hidden. On the other hand, I can't imagine a more perfect place for a hipster couple to spend a romantic weekend, so take that as you will. The hotel as a definite personality -- young, cool, etc. -- and if that appeals to you, this is the place for you. If you're looking for a quiet, cozy place to retire to after a long day of sightseeing, you might be better off booking somewhere else. But for adults... it's hard to beat. The bar downstairs, while expensive, is fantastic, and the bartender will give good recommendations if you ask (and he's quite funny as well, if you like caustic). The prostitutes are out on the street, yes, but they're completely nonaggressive and harmless; I didn't encounter any drug dealers, so I can't speak to that. Despite being a young woman alone, I didn't feel at all uncomfortable wandering around the streets at 2AM, even while slightly tipsy (and sometimes more than that). The location is excellent -- there's always something going on the moment you step outside (although you don't hear it, thank God, once you're in your room), plenty of restaurants (expensive and not), bars, clubs, stores, etc. As far as internet access is concerned, there's a great cafe with free wireless literally next door to the hotel and an internet cafe near the S-Bahn stop -- you really don't need to get away from the hotel to find what you need. But if you'd like to see more of Berlin, there's a U-Bahn station literally around the corner and an S-Bahn station a two minute walk away. (If coming from the train station: change to the U-Bahn; that exit is closer to the hotel than the S-Bahn and you will see the hotel as soon as you turn onto the street.)The hotel staff were incredibly professional and helpful -- they found me a laundromat nearby and gave me instructions when I asked. Only two minor hang ups: I decided to extend my stay by one night and was charged the full price for that night (or double what I paid on hotels.com); I should have checked to see what the rate was when I made that agreement, so that was rather foolish. As for the other: a bottle of hairspray went missing from my room; I choose to think someone on the housekeeping staff picked it up and forgot to put it back down (as I frequently returned to my room to find that housekeeping had arranged my toiletries more artistically), as ... who steals hairspray? Really. As this happened on my last night and I left early, I never recovered it, although the hotel staff did say they'd look into it for me (but, again, given the time of the disappearance and my train the next morning, it was futile and I knew it). Nothing else ever went missing from my room and my bags appeared untouched the entire time, so I find it amusing rather than a theft. If you are concerned about that, there's an in room safe -- it was actually large enough to hold my seventeen inch laptop: a truly unexpected (and far too welcome) surprise. I knew as soon as I arrived in Berlin that I was coming back; when I do, I will definitely stay here.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SMOMS
<Content>Our "Velvet Comfort" room was neither velvety nor comfortable! Hard surfaces and hard edges characterize the ARCOTEL Velvet. The bed was an odd combination of hard and lumpy, and the floor was so hard it was unpleasant to walk around barefoot. Couldn't they have sprung for a little padding over a concrete slab? Yes, the location is very convenient, but Oranienburger Strasse is also party central and rooms facing both the street and rear aren't quiet, despite special soundproofed windows. Even the room darkening panels barely covered the windows to filter out morning light. The staff was young and attractive but not especially knowledgeable about the city. When asked for recommendations for various restaurants or U-Bahn or S-Bahn directions to different sites they seemed unable to help.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	2	1	

<Author>evnyc1
<Content>Great choice This was one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had. We loved the location. The staff and the room where also great. I would highlyrecommend staying at this hotel.Berlin has a great vibe and its worth checking out.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Truzular
<Content>Excellent hotel in a great location My boyfriend and I have just returned from a four night stay in this hotel and were more than impressed with both Berlin itself and the level of service we recieved in the Arcotel Velvet.The hotel itself is in an excellent location and can be found very easily from the Orienburger Tor stop. We found the staff more than helpful and extremely friendly. My boyfriend ripped his jacket, they took it away to get repaired and it was fixed and in our room the following day. They also made a huge effort when we asked them for the best place to hire bikes and came back with an address and full directions in a matter of minutes. The hotel is very modern and the rooms are wonderful with fabulous views of Orienburger Strasse. Although half the room is window and the hotel is located on a main street and next to a nightclub, we heard very little noise unless the window was open. Mitte itself (in our opinion) is the place to stay, it's a very central location for all the main sights with an artistic, bohemian and very relaxed feel, there are literally hundreds of bars, cafes and resturants to choose from right on your doorstep.Don't let other reviews talking about drug dealers and prostitutes put you off. We didn't encounter one person selling drugs and although prostitutes are out on the streets at night, they are definately not in your face. It's not a seedy or intimidating area and the streets are as much filled with young families, couples and old peple as they are with ladies of the night! To be honest, it's more fascinating and a bit sad rather than scary or seedy. Things to do: Hiring bicycles, if you can, cannot be recommended enough. It's such a good way to see a large part of the city. Get a good map and get out there and join the hoards of locals on their bikes.The museum at Checkpoint Charlie is worth a vist, it's a bit run down but packed to the rafters with information about the turbulent history of Berlin.Try the singapore resturant right opposite the hotel. It's usually pretty busy after 7pm but the food is excellent and the staff are really nice and friendly. It stays open to about 3am on the weekends too.There is a venue right next door to the hotel (on the right as you come out the door). It's a lively wee outdoor place with great music and a kind of festival feel. It seems to stay open all night on a Saturday night as we got up to catch our flight on sunday morning and it was still going. If anyone still feels young enough, it seems to be the place to go!Have a look around Auguststrasse area. There's a corner of about three or four bars and resturants and it's really bustling and relaxed. The resturants serve people outdoors and there are some people playing guitars on the streets, it's a really nice area to eat.If your a coffee fan, go to the Espresso Ambulanze next door to the hotel (on the left as you come out). The guy in there is really lovely and he serves a great cappuccinoOverall, we found Berlin to be an excellent place to visit for a few days and I cannot fault the hotel in any way. The location too was top class...great stay!Can I just finally give a warning to anyone flying with the COWBOY airline RYANAIR!!We thought we were doing a good thing by putting our luggage into one bag and checking only one item in. The 'computer-says-no' robot-lady at the desk informed us we would be charged 鈧?04 as our one bag was overweight, even though our stuff would not have been overweight if we had two bags to check in. THIS IS RYANAIR'S WAY OF GETTING THOUSANDS AND THOUSANDS OF POUNDS OUT OF PEOPLE...DO NOT LET THEM GET AWAY WITH IT ANY MORE!!! Be careful, if there are two of you going, take two bags and check them both in...practically every other person in our queue was being sent off to pay something towards Ryanair, they're a bunch of cowboys!Anyway, amen and have a great time in Berlin..  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Caleb1111
<Content>Amazing hotel I shared a junior suite with 2 friends on the 6th floor facing out onto Oranienburger Strasse. Amazing view through the enormous slanted windows. A spectacular room. I would have to say this was the best hotel room I have ever stayed in. The room featured a breakfast table and also a lounge area, flat screen tv, dvd player and a choice of cds. The double bed had individual duvets and was quite large so it felt like separate beds. The person on the sofa bed was also very satisfied. Loads of space within the room and plenty of cupboard space too. The kitchen has a kettle, fridge and hob. Impeccably clean. Bathroom very satisfactory. In the junior suite the bathroom was separate to the room, as opposed to a queen room where the bath/shower (although screened) was open plan.I viewed a queen room which was very impressive too. Initially we chose not to have breakfast in the hotel as it seemed pricey. However, after 2 successive mornings of wandering around the locality in search of a menu to satisfy everyone's needs I would recommend the hotel buffet breakfast. It was superb. I am a vegetarian and generally suffer when it comes to European buffets, but there was plenty of choice beyond the typical meat options. The cereals  muesli accompanied by a variety of seeds and yogurt were divine. Plenty of fresh breads, pastries and good coffee make it worthwhile. If you book the breakfast the night before you can avail of the reduced rate at 12 euro.The staff at Arcotel Velvet were very friendly and helpful. This hotel is in a great location if you want to stay in Mitte and are interested in a more bohemian area. Numerous buses, trams and the underground are available outside the door of the hotel so the shopping districts and sites are within easy reach. I would recommend the Welcome card for short stays. A 48 hour or 72 hour travel card are available which also act as a discount card for some museums and sites.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>sunred
<Content>Good choice in Berlin We booked this hotel through laterooms.com. Not the cheapest in Berlin, but we wanted to be in a good location and in a hotel of a decent standard, and we were very pleased with this choice.The Mitte district is very central to all attractions, and the hotel has lots of plus points in its location. A variety of bars, cafes and restaurants are in the immediate neighbourhood. The hotel has excellent transport links with tram, S bahn and U Bahn- all almost on the doorstep, so it's quick and easy to get around. The day passes for the transport system are really good value, especially as a family-15 euros for unlimited travel for a day for 4 of us.Try the Oranien cafe for a fab breakfast. (Turn right out of the hotel, walk down to where you see the S bahn and it is on the opposite corner). Beautiful setting, large round tables, very light and spacious, newspapers, mags available for relaxing with. We were there on a Sunday just after 10am, but it filled up very quickly after that time.We didn't try the hotel for breakfast as this cafe had more choice and was better value. Also try one of the small cafes across from the hotel (to the left as you look from the hotel)- very good, but the service is slow, so not if you're in a rush! The cafe next door is also good for a coffee and cake.Hackesher Mkt is worth a visit. Only a couple of stops on the tram. Walk round the corner from the hotel to get the tram on the way, but on the way back the tram stops just opposite the hotel. Good shops, cafes, restaurants and entertainment. We ate at a Spanish tapas bar and it was a good evening.Also useful for a supermarket if you want to buy some bottled water, snacks etc.Another dinner recommendation is the Cuban restaurant. Turn right out of the hotel, cross the road and it's just down there. Good range, healthy portions and good value. Don't eat at the Italian on the corner next to the hotel -very average.Overall, we found eating out in Berlin to be really good value when compared to other European cities, and even to places in the UK. Plus, the food and service is MUCH better than the UK!Some reports say that the hotel is noisy. It was fine when we were there, but perhaps at different times of year..?Reception staff were friendly and efficient.Re the rooms- very clean, and modern. We really liked them. If you read other reviews you will know that the shower and sink are open to the bedroom apart from a thin curtain, however, it really isn't a problem as the mirror pulls over screening most of the area. Also, it can be an advantage as the mirror is double sided, so if 2 people are trying to get ready at once, you can have one on each side! The toilet is separate. We liked the security aspect of the hotel- you have to put your room key into the lift, and it only stops at that floor, so no one else can access it. Didn't like the lounge/ bar in the hotel - cold (but it was February), smells of smoke and overpriced compared to every bar within 30 seconds walk. Cocktails and beer abound on every bar menu and lots of happy hour offers.Worth visiting -Alexander Platz tower, Tiergarten,outdoor art gallery (graffitti art on the wall), Berlin Zoo, - lots of other attractions depending on your own taste.We would stay here again, as we feel it is the best location, and probably one of the best hotels in the Mitte.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lrishblueyes
<Content>Amazing place! Stayed for 2 nights in March. Amazing hotel, friendly staff, excellent breakfast buffet, cool bar (although pricey compared to those across the street). Rooms were immaculate, the bathroom was a bit of a surprise though... make sure you know whoever you're staying with well (,) Only a short walk to shopping areas/ tourist spots. Will definately return to the Acrotel next time I visit Berlin!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>schombo
<Content>Great location        Desk Set in Large Suite  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>gwatkinson
<Content>Great design less than average services I have stayed here several times. This is one of the best designed hotels that I have stayed in anywhere in the world at any price. To top it off he price is not bad either. If you want to splurge the suites are great, the double rooms are not bad either. I would only change the height of the bathtub (it is too tall to get in and out of easily). The location is great with easy access to transportation. Unfortunately this is where the good ends and the bad begins. This is a hotel designed to represent the 21st Century but has few of those features. Wifi only in lobby and does not work well. Hot portion of the breakfast buffet is generally cold after 9 even though they serve till 11. On a previous trip they ruined a new jumper (sweater) just bought at Etro down the street and after being contacted the management referred me to Austria to their corporate offices who said that they would check into my claim and get back to me. I am still waiting.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cyenti
<Content>Posh, Funky, Awesome!       Room  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IHATERASELIK
<Content>Nice place to stay ! Booked this hotel after reading reviews and was not disappointed.Stayed for 3 nights,asked for a room at the front,view of the Oranienburg Strafze,which we got.Check in was easy,very helpful and polite staff,all spoke English well.Rooms were smart,very clean,and the open plan bathroom/shower set up was great.Flatscreen TV,DVD,CD included,plus A/con.The full drop windows at the front were very revealing,so care should be taken when drawing the curtains,otherwise the whole street will see you in all your glory !Paid 拢270 for 3 nights,booked with Venere,com.Breakfast was buffet style,with a good selection,cost 12 euro's per person.We did not have this with our room booking and found lots of nice cafes in the surrounding area that were much cheaper,although we did have breakfast on the Sunday for convenience.The hotel bar was nice but a bit expensive for my liking,8 + euros for a basic cocktail,but it did not stop us enjoying a night cap or two.The hotel is located in Mitte and very handy for the tourist attractions,Reichstag,TV Tower,River Spee etc.,with trams running right past the doors of the hotel.All in all I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a reasonable hotel in a good location  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>LHRTripper
<Content>Urban Cool I really enjoyed my stay at the Arcotel Velvet. The hotel is nicely designed, cool without being flash. The welcome was warm too. Cocktails were good (and strong), breakfast was excellent.Families should note that there is a certain amount of street life on Oranienberg Strasse at night.My only gripe is that they managed to mess up my room reservation and I didn't get the suite that I wanted. The staff tried their best to make up for it but this is the only thing that stopped the Arcotel Velvet getting an Excellent rating from me.The hotel is a superb base for couples and singles to explore Berlin, day and night.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	3	

<Author>geheimnis
<Content>Amazed by Arcotel Velvet I used credit card reward points to book a room at the Arcotel Velvet for my mother and I who were passing through Berlin on our way back to the States. We were both wowed by the impecable style, orientation to detail, and service we experienced at Arcotel Velvet. Unexpectedly, we were given the large street-facing suite on the 6th floor. The accomodations and view were unbeatable and I appreciated that I was extended the curtosey of being placed in this fantastic room. We were also extreemely pleased with the quality and service we experienced at Lutter  Wegner resturaunt, located in the first floor of the hotel. Following a fantastic dinner, we were able to rent and enjoy an English-language DVD thorough the hotel (this did involve a short 3 block walk to the rental store, but was simplified by the use of the hotel's membership card and return-service). I would highly recommend the hotel to anyone with modern sensibilities looking for a unique and tasteful hotel experience in East Berlin. I plan on returning myself!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>madserGalway4
<Content>Still exceptional While i would take on board the last review and the issue of overcharging this hotel still represents superb value for money given the location and the excellent rooms. I have stayed here on numerous occassions over the last two years and have always found the service excellent and the value for money exceptional.There are numerous cafes/restaurants in the area, so the breakfast option is worth skipping, unless you are in a rush.The suites are extremely spacious with fabulous views and if you can get a similar room in London, Edinborough or Paris for less than twice the price i would be surprised.All in all a great choice for location, room and service - any shortcomings of the bar and breakfast are more than compensated for by the myriad of choice on the hotel doorstep.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jon_Wigan
<Content>Sharp practice It's a shame to see this hotel sliding down the Trip Advisor ratings. This is a good hotel that is in a truly excellent location however I guess some of the staff are just upsetting their clients.I booked this hotel directly with the internet, booking superior velvet rooms for my group at their internet rate of Euro 115,00 per night. However, upon leaving the hotel realised that they had charged me a rate of Euro 139,00 per room per night. Okay, I should have had my wits about me (but had a heavy night previously) but the hotel will not respond to my e-mails nor will anybody in authority return my calls. They simply do not seem to care now that I have left.Having said that, the rooms (at the front) have a tremendous view of the street, are bright, spacious and clean. The furnishings are funky and modern with lots of nice touches. Make sure you get a room overlooking the street as the picture windows are great (and maybe better than the suites on the top floof?). There are rooms with a more 'traditional' bathroom than discussed in other reviews. Disabled / superior rooms will have the traditional bathroom style although it is more of a wetroom than a bathroom.People have raved about the breakfast on this site but to be honest it is rather ordinary. There are much better and far funkier places to eat for better food and better value.Similarly, when surrounded by so many bars, it's pretty pointless staying in the hotel bar which is smart but fairly dull but massively overpriced.The location is excellent for the S-Bahn and for the trams and there is a great choice of nightlife in this area.However on Oranienburgerstrasse, be aware of the pushy (but non-aggressive) drugs dealers who try and ply you with coke and hash. I mean, even my 71 year old father was offered some (and he doesn't quite look like a user...)! Also be aware of the very pushy prositutes. They all look the same with orange tans, bleached hair, skinny jeans and bum bags. I'm sure that they'll leave you alone if you are a couple but they really want to ply you with their services. All harmless enough though! Berlin is a great place, especially the old east, the hotel is in a great location, just take confirmation of your booking with you when paying or the staff at th Arcotel Velvet will sting you for full rate. Very sneaky!I have been to Berlin previously and will be back again. So watch out Arcotel, I'm coming back for my cash! Grr!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	3	2	1	3	

<Author>EdinburghHerbie
<Content>Love the location - not the hotel Cannot fault the location - but the hotel did not live up to expectation. We booked a junior suite - it was very small - with only one chair. We had no water at all in the room one day - reception wasn't helpful nor indeed apologetic. The hotel tried to charge for things not used from the mini bar - and really pushed it when we said 3 times that we had not had anything from the mini bar. So all in all - there are some really great bars, cafes and restaurants nearby - use them but stay somewhere else. I've been to Berlin numerous times - this hotel ranks lowest.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>jules68
<Content>Great Location Three night stay, great location near 2 Ubahn stations (different lines) for getting around , but a lot of sights are in easy walking distance. Found some great bars and resturants in same street- quite a chilled atmosphere and good value for money. Found the staff friendly and informative, rooms stylish but beds a bit hard for our taste, but overall a good choice of place to stay for a quick break.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EJWLondon
<Content>Excellent hotel Stayed in a suite on the 7th floor over a weekend in March. I chose it because of its location, although we found that the Hackescher Hofe and Oranienburger Strasse themselves are much more touristy than they were even 5 years ago. The room was great - fantastic view over the nearby rooftops from one side and out onto a shared terrace on the other. Staff were very helpful - available when you needed them, unobtrusive otherwise. The barman, Jan, really knew his stuff and made us some excellent drinks based on what he knew we liked - ask him for a recommendation or something personalised. This isn't the cheapest hotel in Berlin but it's well worth paying the extra for.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>corkman2000
<Content>The place to stay!!! We stayed in the arcotel velvet for 3 nights from the 10 th of March to the 13 th. In word it was just excellent, a great location to explore the city. The staff were just excellent and so helpful.The breakfast has to be the best breakfast in Berlin, such a choice and buffet style....you can even have a glass of sparkling wine!!!!The rooms and decor were fab!! So spacious and trendy!! Unlike other hotels the photos are exactley like the photos!! I will definetly return to Berlin and the arcotel velvet!!!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MattSt.Albans
<Content>This hotel is simply very cool and great value for money! Just got back from a 3 night stay at the Acrotel Velvet and we were well and truly bowled over! We stayed in a Suite on the 7th floor which was just superb. The view was fantastic and the suite was large, spacious and made really speacial by the floor to ceiling windows. Also, if you are looking for cool shops, bars and a slightly 'edgy' feel then this hotel is in the best part of Berlin. Staff were great, giving excellent advice on what bars/clubs to go to and the check in/check out was seamless and easy (we even arrived at 10.00am and were given our room straight away). Would definitely go back...Berlin Rocks!!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jacktim
<Content>Would have been great Hotel if we had'nt been double booked!! I spent hours researching this Hotel and chose it due to the great location with lots of bars and restaurants nearby. Although we booked it 5 months in advance, when we arrived at the Hotel on Fri 9th Feb, we were informed by the Duty Manager that there were no rooms, as due to an internet error the Hotel had been over-booked. We had booked a Superior room, as it was our anniversary, and was furious when we were told they were taking us by taxi to another Hotel about 10 mins drive away and we would have to go back the next day!. The other Hotel was OK, but we didn't get a Superior room and there were no bars or restaurants nearby. The next day we returned to the Velvet and kicked up a fuss and they did book us into a Suite for the next 2 nights with breakfast included. The Suites are fantastic and we did have a great time in Berlin, however a very shaky start to a weekend away!!.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Harvielou
<Content>Cool, central and friendly!! Stayed at the Arcotel for three nights. We travelled with three other couples to celebrate my husbands fortieth birthday. The hotel was immaculate, the staff friendy and rooms cool. The hotel is very central for transport with an underground station about a two minute walk. The bar was a great base for meeting in the evening. We used the bar before we went out and when we got back from our jaunts. The bar is expensive but comparable to UK hotel prices. We used the hotel resturant for breafast on the last day and what can I say..... an enormous buffet complete with sparkling wine! Would stay again. I had read reviews to get a hotel room on the fourth or fifth floor but to be honest i cant see how you would get a better view from either of these floors. We were onthe third floor and the atmosphere looking out the window was great.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pollyIreland
<Content>unsatisfactory start but generally good i am just back today from a long weekend in this hotel, and although generally the experience was enjoyable, i was annoyed about how i was treated checking in.i had booked superior room on the internet, and as we were given the room keys i thought i would double check it was superior.the receptionist told me that it was not as they had overbooked and there was none available.i was disapointed but was ok about it until i said i presumed we would be charged for a standard not superior.she told me i would have to pay the rate for the superior room.at this stage i said i had a booking slip with a superior room on it and i should not have to pay superior prices for a standard room that they had overbooked.she grabbed the room cards off me, and then gave me a superior room without even saying anything. i was annoyed as i really felt she felt she could be rude as we look young and were casually dressed. i also query whether the room given was a superior as it did not seem like one-room 402 if anyone knows could they post it on this page.i would like to highlight that our stay was really enjoyable, rooms were spotless,hotel was central and the rest of the staff were really helpful and friendly.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	1	4	4	

<Author>LondonKaybee
<Content>Great location, great hotel Spent a long weekend here at the end of Jan. The whole experience was very enjoyable. The staff couldn't be more helpful, always friendly and tried to answer all our questions. Due to other trip reviews we booked a fourth floor room to avoid any noise. I imagine it could get noisier in the summer when the local restaurants are busy but we didn't hear a thing. The room was cool - I loved the floor to ceiling window - but only stay with someone you are close to as the bathroom isn't seperate (fortunately, the toilet is). However, it's all really well designed. Most importantly, the location is excellent. You are able to walk to cool shops, cafes, bars and restaurants as well as easily get to other Berlin attractions. If you want shiney tower blocks, don't stay here. If you want interesting streets, old buildings, cool squares, do stay here.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SuzanneDublinIreland
<Content>Fantastic Hotel After searching high and low for a hotel in Berlin Mitte I chose the Velvet based on the reviews it had gotten. This hotel in bang in the middle and accessile to all areas. Its spotless and the bar when you come though to the lobby does great cocktails. Be warned they are very expensive. Our room was on the 4th Floor and was a deluxe but to be honest i do not think there is much of a difference only ours overlooked some makeshift courtyard out the back. This was recommendxed to me as the front can be very noisy. All rooms seem to have the same decor and layout. The bathroom is separated from the room by curtain. I really like this idea it feels less cramped. This hotel is suited to anyone who is in berlin for a weekend break and wants to have easy access to all areas. The staff are great and the breakfast was fantastic. I would have no complaints whatsoever with this hotel only 2 vodkas with 2 mixers cost 鈧?7.30 at the bar !!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>Coyoacan
<Content>Different...! An interesting hotel....but heck its Germany..! We visited Berlin in mid Jan 07 and stayed at the Arcotel Velvet. After a very warm welcome - and some efficient service before hand (changing a booking) we entered our room. For those of a traditional disposition - be warned - there are condom packs and an open bathroom (the loo is enclosed!). The room design worked well - the beds comfortable and the room service efficient.I can't comment on the breakfast or bar, but the restaurant next door (where breakfast is hosted) is excellent. This hotel is very well situated for the main rail station (5 Euro cab fare) and for both the U Bahn and S Bahn.Not my usual choice of hotel - but you know what - I would recommend and stay again!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WestCorkGirl
<Content>Great stay Stayed at the Arcotel Velvet last weekend - great visit. We got the impression that the hotel and maybe Berlin itself was a little quieter than normal, maybe given the weather and time of year but Oranienburger str and the surrounding areas were still lively enough on a saturday night for us. Hotel was very clean and perfectly warm and unlike the previous reviewer, we found the bed really comfortable. We were on the 4th floor so street and other noise was minimal. Didn't have breakfast at the hotel as there are good cafes nearby. Bar looked welcoming but we were out and about too much to enjoy it. All in all, a great location for transport and night life and some great places to eat.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Fergieweb
<Content>Well-placed and funky, but less than comfy       The Velvet Lounge bar  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	4	2	2	

<Author>IAMX
<Content>Fantastic Room and location! If you like comfort, uniquely designed rooms and unpretentious luxury, I would highly recommend a stay at this lovely hotel.Our stay was for 5 nights, and we wished we could have stayed longer! The central location is perfect for city exploration, being close to the bohemian Mitte district, near good quality restaurants and bars. Transport links are within 1 mins walk.Staff were excellent, friendly and courteous. The cocktail lounge is a nice place to relax, and the prices arent bad. Free internet, arty films and interesting decor complete the look. I would highly recommend a visit to the galleries adjacent to the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>the_hair_thief
<Content>Great hotel, location and price Hotel is in a great location, with trams and U-bahn basically on your doorstep. The staff were very friendly, and rooms were stylishly decorated with flatscreen TV and CD/DVD player. Having the bath and sink in an open plan type way was different (in a good way) and toilet was separately enclosed. Floor to ceiling window provided great view.I was slightly concerned, reading the other reviews, about the prostitutes who were around, but don't be, as they don't bother you (maybe if you were a single or group of males you may get their attention) but it really just adds to the uniqueness of Berlin. We had 3 nights in Berlin, which wasn't really enough and will go back (and stay at this hotel).  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Que
<Content>Perfect Location Arcotel Velvet is in the perfect position right in the middle of the central district, Mitte. There are a wide range of restaurants and bars within a few minutes walk and it's conveniently placed a couple of minutes from a U-Bahn for easy access to everywhere you will want to visit. The hotel staff were all friendly and helpful, from the receptionists to the bar staff and the maids. The room was on the first floor facing the street and could possibly be a little noisy for some, but we had no trouble sleeping. The windows do come right down to floor level though, so you may want to close your curtains as there is a restaurant directly across the street!Although the toilet is separate, the bath/shower and sink area is only partly screened from the bedroom by a sheer curtain - we didn't have any issue with this, but it's something to bear in mind if you are travelling with a friend rather than your partner (I'm not sure whether there are twin rooms, so maybe they are different?).Everywhere was clean and tidy and well-maintained. The room is relatively well equipped with toiletries but there is no shampoo provided and no coffee making facilities in the room which would have been nice. There is a mini bar with a variety of soft and alcoholic drinks, snacks and other items at typical hotel prices. Even if you don't purchase anything, you can empty it out and use it to keep your own drinks cool.The bartender was very good and would make drinks to your own specification if you wanted. The free internet just off the bar area was extremely useful. The hotel reception area has wide range of Berlin guide books in English which was a nice touch - many of them giving information not found in the books we had read. Mitte is definitely THE place to stay in Berlin and this hotel offers such excellent value (we paid about 拢60 a night for a double room in July).  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>genene
<Content>The bar is like visting a top class restaurant Yo眉 can get a modern hotel room with a great bathroom, good bed and modern most places in Berlin - the standard is very good. What make a great hotel is weather they really take the time to make you feel special. Toby, the barman in Arcotel treats his cocktails like a top class chef treats his food. He is there to make to feel like you are worth a millian dollars without ever intruding, but if you like he will tell you the best places to shop, eat and play so you feel like you have inside information on everything the wonderful city has to offer. The last time that we stayed in berlin we didnt stay at Arcotel (stayed there 4 times before), and all my daughter wanted to do was visit the bar in Arcotel to chill out, drink cocktails and feel special.We have booked again for May because if you want a worry free chill out place that make you feel great - then come here!A truely great stay.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MazzaB
<Content>Great Hotel Would definitely recommend. Stayed at the Arcotel for 4 days in August. The hotel location is very central, beside both U (U6 Orianburger Tor)  S Bahn (Orianenburger Str). It's on a street with loads of restaurants and bars. The hotel itself was spotless, newly and tastefully decorated. The staff were really funny, friendly and helpful. The only drawback this hotel had for us, was at the weekend, some people came back shouting and banging on doors, not sure if they were actually staying in the hotel or had slipped in. Otherwise, this is a great hotel and excellent value.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RJButt
<Content>believe what you read I have stayed in Berlin many times over the past several years. Believe what you read on this website: for value, location, transport connections, groovy bar, friendly staff, decor, (I could go on and on), this is undoubtedly the place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Heartyoz
<Content>Berlin was Great and so was Arcotel Velvet! Just got back from a 2 night stay at the Arcotel Velvet - it was great, I thoroughly recommend it. I had scanned the reviews of hotels and whittled it down to 2, the AV and the Golden Tulip. To help me decide I asked for advice from one of the local experts on TA and based on location they said the Velvet was best given our short stay, and it was just perfect. There was a tram and tube stop right by the hotel, although from the airport we got a taxi which cost 35 Euros including tip (but as we found our bearings during our stay we got the train back to Schonfeld airport for 2.10 Euro each!) . At the hotel on arrival we had a warm welcome and we got a non-smoking room on a higher floor (5th) that I had requested, I would probably say that it is worth staying on higher floor if you are a light sleeper (or go to bed early) as the street was buzzing all night, saying that though the thick glass did seem to cut nearly all of the noise out. The deal we got on the web did not include breakfast so we pre-booked that at the hotel the night before (it was cheaper if you did this at 12 Euro) although I only got this tip from the TA site, the reception did not actually point this out, just suggested we booked. However the brekkie was fantastic and I think worth it, everything you could think of (including sparkling wine if wanted), it certainly set us up for the day, and even if you did not see what you wanted they would get it for you, (e.g. eggs and also any coffee you wanted not just Americano). The rooms were immaculately clean and well presented, beds comfortable, soaps, shampoo, fluffy white towels, in-room safe, TV). From other reviews on TA I got the impression that all of the bathroom was incorporated in the bedroom (separated by a curtain) but in fact the toilet was totally separate鈥?I thought it was a really good design, kind of quirky, nice and modern. There were loads of nice touches like a bottle of water and some mints in a bag on arrival鈥lso some apples in the room too. As a tip, I checked out the hotels own web-site just after booking and it was doing a 2 night weekend break special with breakfast at a better rate than I got. The location was perfect for all the sights and for plenty of bars and restaurants which were right outside the hotel door! With regards to sightseeing, I would personally say do a bus tour (we paid 15 Euros each) with a live commentary, as this will give you the orientation of Berlin. We then went back to the places we wanted to have a closer look at by walking or using the trains. (One down side with the bus was that it advertised as Hop on Hop off, 5 stops but ours would only let us get off at one, we used the Berlin company)All in all we loved Berlin and and the Arcotel Velvet and would definitely go back.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PCfoodlover
<Content>Something different.... Stayed at this hotel for two nights in October 2006. We checked in quite early and this wasn鈥檛 a problem, which was nice!Found the receptionist a little bit rude and she didnt really explain anything. Or mention breakfast. However, the room was quite nice with a flat screen TV and DVD player. (but DVDs are five Euros to rent) The bathroom and room are kinda integrated and you dont have a bath. You do have a huge shower with a free shampoo and showergel dispenser.The view from the room is great and you can see the various restaurants. The room is quiet (apart from our neighbours that played punk music from 7am). These aren鈥檛 any tea or coffee facilities inside the room only a mini bar. But I would recommend the Ambulance coffee bar next door. It serves the most amazing lattes in tall glasses and lovely bagels and smoothies. It has lovely leather couches. A great place to relax over breakfast and plan your day.Another must is the Dada Falafel located across from the hotel. The best falafel I have ever tasted and very good price. Go for the bit of everything dish. Also check out the little Vietnamese restaurant called Mango. It is about a ten-fifteen minutes walk (check your guidebook).The tube system is nearby and everything at your disposal. I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>sbardell
<Content>Perfect hotel, perfect location Everything about this hotel was perfect. The room was large (for a European hotel), the bedding and other materials were high quality, and the staff was incredibly helpful with all our needs (directions, laundry service, taxis). The hotel's location is also fantastic, close to the metro and located on a street with numerous great bars and restaurants. I recommend dinner at Mirchi (asian fusion) followed by drinks at O  G. Would recommend this hotel to anyone with modern, sophisticated taste and a desire to stay right in the middle of things.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>weir_belfast
<Content>Very Very Cool Hotel               
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Geordie Pensioner
<Content>Unusual but very nice The biggest regret about our visit to Berlin and the Arcovelvet was that we only booked for two nights. We requested a front facing room on the 2nd floor and that was exactley what we got.The floor to ceiling glass wall overlooking Oranienburger Strasse gave a birds eye view of the restaurants and evening strollers. The atmosphere was terrificThe bathroom being part of the bedroom.( separated by a transparent curtain ) was differerent but never a problem.The Reception Staff were very helpfull and informative as was the Turkish taxi driver from Schonefeld airport ( fare 30/35 Eur.) Because of the many cafe,s and restaurants only 2mins walk from the hotel we didn,t use the hotel facilities but those who did seemed to be well provided for A hotel my wife and I would be keen to return to but next time for a longer period.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ausyuppy
<Content>Top Service, Great Hotel I found this hotel on hotels.com and based my decision on other reviews on tripadvisor.com. All I can say is that this is the best hotel I have stayed at in a very long time.The service you receive from the minute you walk into the lobby is brilliant. Most of the personnel in the lobby speak english, so communication is reasonably easy. I had a few technical difficulties getting the internet going, within minutes of a phone call the hotel handyman was at the door.The room we received ended up being a disabled room. This hotel caters for everyone. The room was very large and the bathroom was equally as big. One downside to the room we had was the shower was integrated into the whole bathroom, hence if you have a shower, the toilet gets wet as well. This is due to the disabled setup. It just requires prior planning before your shower :) Not all rooms are like this. From looking at the emergency exit plan in the hallway, the rooms come in all shapes and sizes. The bed was strange to say the least. It was two king single beds joined together at the base, but the mattresses werent, so there was a gap inbetween the mattresses. I dont know whether this is normal, but it didnt worry us too much. The room had floor to cieling windows which was good. The room also came with a DVD player and a LCD TV, albeit a small one (approx 20)The location is fantastic. A tram stop is right outside the door, there would be at least 15 restraurants / food outlets in the street where the hotel is located. The selection caters for all budgets. The streets are quiet, and safe. Nightlife is very busy with all the restaurants about. The hotel is about 5 minutes in a cab from Haptbahnhof station and about 10 minutes from Ostbahnhof station.There is a coffee shop next to the hotel that has free Wireless internet. The internet in the hotel rooms (via LAN) costs 9 Euro for 12 hours, or 3.50 Euro for 30 mins. They also supply two computers in the lobby for free internet. There is hotel WIFI available in the lobby area.The hotel is very secure. You need your room key in the elevator to access your level only. I like this feature as it keeps unwanted people out of each individual floor.Cot facilities are available for infants, and high chairs also are available in the restaurant.The breakfast is worth the 11 EURO they charge. It is a massive banquet ranging from fruit, yoghurts, bread rolls, bread for toast, cereal, pastries, cakes, many juices, cold meats, its all available.I highly recommend this hotel, the room colours are all white, but thats retro I guess these days. Enjoy your stay!!!!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mamos1968
<Content>Welcome, my name is... ... that's how we were welcomed by Maximilian (I think that was his name) in the nice, small, modern lobby of this Hotel. Friendly, helpful staff who seem to take pride in a job well done. And the very good first impression was followed by a lot more good impressions: great location (not noisy but still right in the middle of the action, close to major sights and right in front of public transport which will take you anywere), good value breakfast buffet, modern stilish rooms, a confortable bed, everything clean... A great place to stay. And if you fancy a drink at three in the morning, you'll even find that right on Oranienburgerstrasse. Alongside with other amusement provided by slightly clad ladies, who however are not agressive at all and leave you alone if you don't seem interested. Anyway, we loved our stay. If we ever go back to Berlin, there's no question in my mind about where we will be staying.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>guilford104
<Content>city sophisticate The Arcotel Velvet is in a great part of Berlin, Mitte, which was in the east before the Wall came down. There are tons of restaurants in the nieghborhood, not too many tourists and it is near a lot of Berlin atrractions. The hotel is very modern and quite comfortable. It turned out that breakfast was not included in the price ( they don't tell you that when you check in) but it was a very full breakfast indeed. There is free internet access at the bar. Not cheap but very nicely appointed.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>jcrichton
<Content>Excellent modern hotel We stayed for 5 nights at the end of April in this excellent hotel which is situated in a central location just a short walk from the Freidrichstrasse Railway Station. The room was spotlessly clean with very modern decor. Staff were extremely helpful. There are many reasonably priced restaurants in Oraniensburger Strasse in close proximity to the hotel. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>SDLeeds
<Content>Just as good as I remember This was my 2nd visit to Berlin and this hotel and it was just as good this time around! The only difference was that I was given a room at the front of the hotel which was a lot bigger and miore spacious. I had also made a few special requests when I booked the hotel and all of them had been taken into account. This hotel is in a perfect location (good for nightlife and central to all the sights) and excellent value for money.If you get chance, try the Lutter and Wegner restaurant next door (there is a door through from the hotel into the restaurant) I never ate there last time but wish I had because the food is delicious. Although slightly more expensive that the other restaurants in the area, I would definately recommend it. The Oranien cafe/bar down the road from the hotel also offers excellent value for money and very tasty breakfasts!! Should I ever visit Berlin again, will still not hesitate to stay at the Arcotel Velvet!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>sirchan
<Content>Perfect boutique hotel We stayed 2 nights during a weekend in Aug. The staff were really friendly and helpful. The Velvet Lounge bar downstairs had great cocktails at a resonable price. The rooms were clean and nicely decorated. Even the view of the internal walls were decked out with lovely colours! Who needs a view outside! Though I do know if you ask for a room on the top floor the views of the city are amazing! Great price for a great location. All the bars and restaurant you can choose from just down the road!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>katiegirlx
<Content>Excellent, friendly hotel I have recently returned from a three night stay in Berlin at the Arcotel Velvet. We had a fantastic time and I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in the city. On arrival our group was given adjacent rooms on the third floor of the hotel. Both the room and the view from the floor to ceiling windows were great. Unlike other reviewers we did not notice any noise during the night. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the hotel is ideally located to explore Berlin. This is one of the best hotels I have stayed in and would certainly return.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bev11
<Content>Very pleased with Arcotel Velvet I booked this direct on the hotel website for 100 euros per night. We got the airport express from Berlin airport for 2 euros. It was a fab modern hotel within easy walk or one stop on the underground from the Freidrichstrasse train station. It was 35 degrees at the weekend - one of the hottest on record for Berlin so the air conditioning was a godsend. There is a great Turkish restaurant further up Oranienburgerstrasse (in a courtyard) and a cheap but excellent Thai restaurant across the road from the hotel. Its so easy to get around Berlin and the people are helpful. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to everyone who wants to take a city break in Berlin.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Todd_Whitehurst
<Content>Nice hotel, decent location       Flat screen TV is a bit small, and walls are bare white  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DrStroke
<Content>Arcotel Velvet -- great location, but enough problems to irritate My wife and I stayed three nights in a Velvet suite in this Arcotel property in Mitte during July 2006. We paid 210 euros for the first two nights and 310 for the final night (which was the day before the World Cup final in Berlin, hence the price increase) booked on the arcotel web site. Breakfast was an additional 15 euros per person each. The suites are on the top floors and have floor to ceiling windows with great rooftop views over Mitte. Some of those windows look out onto one of Berlin's (in)famous beach clubs with trucked-in sand and lots of loud music. External blinds were in place, apparently to shield the room from the noise; our blinds didn't work initially and, when fixed, didn't shield much. We needed ear plugs to sleep. The air conditioning only worked in the bedroom; the living room part of the suite didn't have any vents, so it stayed quite hot throughout our stay, almost to the point of unusability. There is a little kitchenette from Ikea, but no real way to prepare anything except ice cubes and coffee; don't expect to use these suites like an apartment-hotel. For all the space in the suite, the bathroom was too small. Even at 210 euros, we don't think we got much value for money as we couldn't comfortably use the entire suite. Unlikely we will return to the Arcotel Velvet.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gravemaurice
<Content>fantastic Stayed here last year and can't fault it. Brilliant location - plenty of bars, restaurants nearby. Good for transport. Funky rooms and one of the best hotel bars I've ever been to. Top notch all round.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love this hotel! This has to be one of the nicest hotels we've stayed in. It is a fairly new hotel which is located in a very lively area on the east side. The street is filled with restaurants and bars and lots of people. It is very close to the U-bahn as well. The rooms are very spacious and decorated in an arty  modern way and was also very clean. The walk-in shower is huge - one of the biggest hotel showers I've even seen, and something we missed when we stayed at other places on our trip! We faced the back of the hotel so it was pretty quiet. Someone mentioned the prostitutes on the street - it definitely didn't come across as a sleazy neighbourhood at all, and these girls all look like models and are pretty harmless. One thing we didn't like is that when we put the do not disturb sign on the door, our room got cleaned anyway. I think this might be due the fact that we weren't in the room (as you have an electronic key you have to have to use the facilities and it indicates when you are there or not, but that's not big deal). We would definitely stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GalenaGuy
<Content>nice modern hotel This is a new hotel on a popular street in the former eastern section of the city. It is decorated in a very modern style. The rooms are modest in size but nicely appointed. The bar and restaurant are great. There is a lot of evening street life on this street. The price in June 2006 was about 150 euros/night for a single. The staff speaks English. Not a luxury hotel, but nicely done and a great location, especially recommended for younger people who enjoy the nightlife in the area.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extra-wonderful place! We stayed here for one night only and I think that we found OUR hotel in Berlin. Magnificent, very modern, clean and interesting in every small detail hotel (for ex, on soap is title I am your soap:)). we paid for hotel 150 euro for 1 night and it was during Football champ in Germany, so I think such hotel could cost even more money.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>johnti006
<Content>Great Location I was very impressed with this hotel. It is in the middle of the action in Mitte. There were people up all night outside the hotel but it did not prevent me from sleeping. The rooms were very modern and the staff was great. The bathroom is funky with no real separation between the sink/shower and the room, but it worked for me. I would definitely stay here again as it was close to a lot of restaurants/sights.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>scarpia
<Content>Great location, great value First off, the warning: if you are looking for a quiet getaway, stay somewhere else. But if you want to stay in the heart of Berlin, in close proximity to musuems and historical sites, not to mention restaurants and galleries, this is the place.The hotel's main street is busy and if your room faces it, it sounds like there is a small riot going on outside until about 2 am. But it's a muffled enough and I used ear plugs to sleep and my husband had no problem with it. So ask for a room off the street if that might bother you, but otherwise you'll have a decent sized room, very clean, free computers in the lobby, and the best location you could want.The place tries hard to be hip but that's fine. Some people might mind that the sink and shower aren't in a separate room, but except for the lack of a shower curtain, I thought the room was fine.Best of all was the price. We found great deals and paid $138 for the most expensive night and closer to $100 for the other nights. Breakfast wasn't included as with other European hotels, but there are two coffee places in close proxmity.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel Stayed for long week-end, originally on the first floor but got moved to the 5th as I had been told the 1st floor can be noisy as the road in which the hotel is situated contains numerous restaurants and bars some of which dont close till 5am. Having said that, wewere not aware of any undue noise when we were out nor the sort of behaviour we would expect back home with so many clubs and bars.The room we had had no outlook but was very quiet and spacious. There were tea and coffee facilities, mini bar, fridge, sink, table and chairs, arm chair, LCD TV but only in German (other than BBC news). Super shower. Staff very pleasant and helpful, one minor criticism our room didnt get made up till about 4pm which is a bit annoying if you come back after few hours of sightseeing and just want to flop down somewhere. The U Bahn is very close but if its shop gazing you are after you might be better in the West side. The city is very large and the main attractions like the Reichstag and TV Tower (close to hotel) attract huge queues. The attached restaurant, provides wonderful breakfasts and huge meals of the highest quality.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>windows! stayed in the arcotel for a long weekend with my girlfriends on 5th of may and had a ball!superb hotel with all the modern touches you would expect from a hip n.y. style hotel lcd tvs ,dvd player etc.the hotel is positioned on the happening mitte area of east berlin where pubs, cafes and places to eat are within walking distance, the hotel has a superb hip bar which is great for cocktails (cosmos where great).in the bar we had the biggest laugh of our trip when a portly balding scotsman walked into one of the windows by mistake and the thing was he acted as if nothing had happened, me and my friends are still laughing just now 1 week after our vacation to berlin.super hotel and super city!  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rojersey
<Content>Not As Terrific as the Reviews We expected more after reading the TripAdvisor reviews. The place wasn't terrible. Quite clean and the neighborhood is fun and funky although the street is filled with prostitutes after dark.....and not long after dark either! The beds were very hard and the pillows a bit meager. Our room faced the back and was somewhat dark and gloomy. The hotel did nickel and dime us. If we wanted to use our phone card, connection was 2 euros. Hooking up our laptop in our room was likewise very pricey (although the lobby did have two free computers). Our welcome was also a bit strange. One member of our foursome (two married couples) prefers stairs to elevators believing that a little exercise is actually good for the body and soul. The somewhat arrogant reception clerk told us that there are no stairs, only an emergency fire escape. This turned out to be entirely untrue and I still cannot understand why she would stubbornly deny the existence of something that was actually there and well lit and quite accessible. All in all I would have to rate the Arcotel as fair and not nearly the bargain or luxury of the nearby Radisson which cost us for our last night in Berlin only 99 euros with free internet on our laptop and free 0800 calls as well as a free continental breakfast whereas at the Arcotel breakfast was 11 euros or eat out!  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>As fantastic as everyone said Not really any need to write this as everyone seems to have said the same, but we had a really good stay here!Rooms were great with the huge windows and big walk in shower etc (nice not to have just a little shower over the bath)The location is brilliant, lots of bars and restaurants literally across the road and within a few minutes walk (would particularly recommend Monseiur Voung, a Vietnamese place on Alte Schonauser about 10 mins walk away that was also really reasonable as well as great food)We didn't have any problem at all with noise despite being straight opposite the bars and only on the 2nd floor.Can't wait to go back sometime  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location Although I am bound to be biased, as it was my first ever upgrade (only as they mucked up the booking mind), I have to say this was a fantastic hotel. We didn't go for a breakfast option (breakfast is too good elsewhere in Berlin), so I can't comment on the food, but the rooms were lovely and spacious and extemely well appointed. (Our upgraded suite had two dvd players). The location is really good, at the end of Oranienburger Strasse and serviced by two tube stops and various trams and right in the centre of the arty action. There are pavement cafes and people milling around late into the evening, and it is a walkable distance from town should you not have walked enough around the extraordinary sights of Berlin.No gym, but nice bar and relaxed chic cool atmosphere. Reasonable staff as well, they only charged for one room for the two room upgrade to the suite. Ahhh Berlin...  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location My boyfriend and I stayed here recently for 5 nights and were very impressed. We chose the hotel on the strength of the other reviews and were not disappointed. The hotel itself is very stylish and comfortable and looks great from both outside and inside and has more identity than many up-market hotels. Our room (a standard double on the second floor facing the street) was spacious, bright and nicely designed, I particularly liked the unusual bathroom layout, separated from the rest of the room by curtains, which, as another reviewer pointed out, means that you can watch the TV whilst in the bath! The hotel staff were all very friendly and helpful, the breakfast was great, lots of choice (we particularly enjoyed the pastries!) and the cocktails in the bar were delicious. The location is another plus, the U-Bahn is nearby and there lots of great restaurants and bars on your doorstep. (I would particularly recommend a Turkish restaurant called Hasir, which is down the road near the Hakesche Hoefe). We had a very enjoyable stay at this hotel and would definitely stay here again. Thoroughly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PinkprincessParis
<Content>Dishonest Housekeeping Staff While the hotel was okay with big rooms, the housekeeping staff was dishonest. First. The day we checked out, I accidentally left a magazine in my room , when I came back for it that same day, my magazine was gone. According to the receptionist, the housekeeping had not reported that any items were left in the room. I am certain that my magazine was left in my room which leads me to the conclusion that it was taken by someone from the hotel. While it may be just a magazine, the fact that it was taken reflects badly on the character of the staff. Second. We borrowed a CD from the reception and left it in our room. When we came back in the evening, it was gone. We do not understand why the staff took it away from the room without telling us. Worse, the hotel was going to charge us for the CD if we hadn't told them that someone had taken it from the room without our knowledge.I would not recommend this hotel on the basis of the above incidents. Moreover, this hotel is not really centrally located.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>reviewerLondon
<Content>Manhattan in Mitte! I looked at the reviews when I was planning my trip (6 months ahead) and booked so was lucky to get the 7th floor suites - with huge windows on either side - over Easter. (I note that the reviews are still as complimentary). For the price these rooms are superb - you would probably pay 3 or 4 times the price in New York for a similar penthouse feel. This set the tone off superbly as this is the happening and very cosmopolitan part of the City. Having not had too many expectations of Berlin it was a great break and prices in general are surprisingly reasonable considering it is a European Capital. The hotel is surrounded by bars and restaurants of every nationality and interestingly a whole plethora of cocktail bars. Trendy but inclusive - not elitist. This is particularly good if you are sightseeing over a weekend - as you can come back to the hotel after a full day, relax and then go out - everything is on the doorstep without having to worry about taxis/public transport. The hotel is within walking distance of most of the interesting sights and it's a vibrant atmosphere with the feeling of creativity and a generally positive mood.Don't forget to bring DVD's and CD's as you can play them in your room. The hotel has a link to a dvd store which is useful - they return them for you. If you want to get an insight into what Berlin was like around the time of the wall coming down (and you have time) rent Goodbye to Lenin (it's an amusing film). If you enjoy food and drink Berlin is surprisingly a good choice (dispelling the myths of endless Wurst and potatoes!). I think we would have had a completely different experience of Berlin had we not stayed in this area and particularly in this hotel- akin to staying in the meatpacking district in New York.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Adventurer
<Content>Top spot Booked the hotel on the strength of the reviews on this site and was not in the least disappointed. The staff seem to take a great pride in the hotel and seem genuinely concerned that guests are happy.The hotel could not be better situated as it is within easy walking distance of most of the major sights and public transport is on your doorstep.A wide range of restaurants is beside the hotel. Berlin is a great city with lots to see and do, and we have found on our two visits that people are very helpful and friendly.The room is laid out in a 'fun' way with an open shower area. One big disappointment was the lack of tea/coffee making facilities. Surely this would be very cheap to provide!I am looking forward to our next visit to Berlin and will hopefully be staying at the Arcotel.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>px
<Content>good hotel good location good spot to stay in i found the area around the hotel great for eats and drink and my room for one was great plenty of room, pristine and the staff were really helpful definately return on my next visit  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Elena_GR
<Content>Loved it!       Arcotel Velvet room  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>yummymummy1
<Content>reviews are spot on excellent location - restauarants and bars are all on the street right in front of the hotel.sites very easily accesible with both the u bahn and s bahn right outside the door.we didnt have breakfast - its 15 euros but if book day before its 11. To be honest though, once you have found a place to eat, ordered juice, coffee and say crambled eggs you have pretty much spent that anyway so it is probably worth it as its a buffet.bar in hotel nice to start in or have a drink before bed.if you stay in the front of the hotel - the windows are transparent!we stayed with two children and hotel was fine  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jojo27
<Content>Great unusual hotel We stayed in this hotel after a lengthy cruise and it was a refreshing change with the most quirky and cool rooms. Our room had a total glass front with an open ensuite bathroom and a seperate WC.The spacious standard room was colourful and funky with a LCD screen and very comfortable beds. The hotel is in a great location in a hip part of East Berlin and is very central as well.Well worth a visit as reasonable in price.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel, good location I took my partner to Berlin as a birthday surprise.The hotel was in a great location, just across the road from the U-Bahn, and a pleasant walk to Freidrichstr Station, Unter den Linden and Hackescher Markt. Mitte is in my opinion the best part of Berlin to stay - as the name suggests, it is the centre of the city.The staff were all friendly and helpful and the room as nice as it appeared on the web - well built unlike some ikea hotels which dominate this area of the travel market. We stayed in the front, so had fantastic ceiling to floor windows, overlooking Orienburgstr. One downer, we could hear trams when lying in bed at night.Finally, the design is great, but the sink and bath in the bedroom ( the toilet had a room of its own) may not be for everyone - I liked it, I could watch tv whilst bathing !Enjoy  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mgjazz
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel Just returned from a frigid visit to Berlin. Despite the cold, the trip was great. The Velvet hotel is pristine. ALthough it is 2 years old, it seems brand new. Staff was helpful and courteous. Rooms were clean and well laid out. It's kind of like staying in the East Village in NYC or in West Hollywood/Melrose in Los Angeles. The hotel is on a block with the bizarre mix of funky hip boutiques and shops like Melrose Ave or the area aorund NYU, with a 150 year old synogogue (the new synogogue) museum, Singaporean restaurant (great), Mexican restaurant, McDonalds, Italian restaurant, Sushi restaurant, and others - yes, all on the same block in the former E. Berlin! Can walk 3 or so blocks to museum island and Hackeschecker Market. Can walk to 80% of major sites. For example, we took a cab to the Kulturforum/Sony Bldg and walked back to the hotel, viewing the Holocaust monument/museum, Brandenberg gate, Reichstag, and Unter Den Linden on a walk back to the hotel. Could have also included Gendarmmarket, but we had already been there. Tip: Jewish Museum offers Klezmer music in its restaurant on Mon. nights - reservation may be needed. Bus and train access is either right out the front door, or a short distance away from the hotel. Breakfast was great - good variety and high quality. Great breads, fruit selection, cheeses, yogurts, granolas, and more. Ask for various egg varieties and coffee options if your's isn't displayed or offered. Bar is quaint and comfortable. Internet access via two terminals is provided next to the bar. We were told that you can get wireless access for 4 euros for a half hour, so we went down the street to a cafe where it was 2 euros for an hour or 5 euros for a month. We were there from a Sun. to Tues., and the rate including breakfast for two was $118 euros (Sun and Mon) and $123 euros (Tues). Note: rates are apparently going up and may already be 20% higher.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible apartments in the bohemian part of Berlin       On the pavement outside the Velvet Lounge  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Funky, comfortable hotel in a great location I was extremely happy to find that the hotel I had booked based on online reviews was even BETTER than I had read. It was in a great location, walking distance or U-Bahn distance to all the major attractions, and was uniquely modern. I came alone and felt completely safe and comfortable roaming the area at night. The breakfast buffet is to die for-a wide array of interesting juices, cheese, chocolate, pastries, meats, breads, veggies, yogurts, and cereals. The wait staff in the bar and the restaurant are both very helpful and friendly. My only complaints are that the laundry service is incredibly overpriced, the bed was hard, and the front desk staff are pretty unhelpful and look like they would rather be somewhere else. That said, Arcotel Velvet surpassed my expectations and I would stay there again!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>YUKOR
<Content>Good choice We stayed here early December 2005.Generally we liked it very much. we specifically went for one of the upper floor suites. This was very spacious and loved the sloping floor to cieling windows with remote controlled blinds. The bed and sitting area were very tastefully done. However, it appears every expense was spared in kitting out the bathroom. Whilst it was perfectly functional, there was no feel of luxury, all kitted out in white with no attempt to make it in any way feel special or different. This was disappointing. (same with the little kitchenette in the room too by the way).The breakfasts in the affiliated restaurant downstairs was German pastries, breads etc at their best. It's a full buffet so there's something for everybody. This is a must. The bar did not appear to attract many customers, so was always quiet - there are plenty of other bars about. The area is pretty cool, with some interesting arty clubs and bars in the area. It's also very well connected via U-Bahn to the rest of the city.I would go to Arcotel again when staying in Berlin next time.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katenadine
<Content>Funky, modern, comfortable Great hotel 鈥?very modern, clean and comfortable, and with some funky, quirky touches that make it worthy of its fab East Berlin location.We stayed in a double on the fourth floor facing the street 鈥?it鈥檚 not a beautiful view, but it is colourful and the windows are great. It鈥檚 worth requesting to be high up in the hotel when you make a reservation.The bed was very, very comfortable, although the two single duvets were a little odd (we got used to them eventually). The room was much quieter than expected, the only noise being the hum of the air conditioning / heating.The carpet is a bit ugly 鈥?but this is the only thing I鈥檇 change.The staff were lovely and helpful, and were happy to make recommendations for restaurants, etc.The surrounding area is great for eating and drinking 鈥?we particularly like the pub outside the S-Bahn station on Oranienburger Strasse which serves hundreds of beers and some very tasty snacks and meals (it begins with A 鈥?.Overall, a fantastic hotel for the price (we paid 95 euros a night) and I will definitely stay there again when I return to Berlin.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HelenaAthens
<Content>Just perfect-Combines everything! We stayed at the Arcotel Velvet in March 2004, for 4 nights. I found it on a website (never had heard of it before), and i must say the real thing was even better than the images on the internet. The location is fabulous (within walking distance to all major sites) and very vivid, but not too noisy. The entire building is decorated in a modern, yet friendly way. The rooms are spacious and comfortable, and the highlight are the huge windows (ceiling to floor) that have a great view over Oranienburger Strasse. The personnel is very friendly and helpful, and they were willing to recommend us great restaurants and bars. And all that for 110euros per night. In general, i would strongly recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a stylish and friendly central hotel, at a reasonable price.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jenifertree
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous!       Bathroom  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ramchalice
<Content>Very Pleased With My Stay! Just returned from three nights at the Arcotel Velvet. On my previous visit to Berlin I had stayed in the West, off Kudamn. I much preferred staying in the East. The A.V. is very well located between an S-Bahn and a U-Bahn Station (only a few hundred feet) so travel anywhere is easy. Bought a three day pass for all public transportation for only 22 Euros. The A.V. is modern, clean and efficient. I had a back room so didn't have the large exposed windows and my bathroom was traditional and self-contained. Decor was attractive and modern. DVD/CD player was handy. Service was polite and efficient. Didn't take the breakfast as it seemed a little expensive for a buffet. Very close to a McDonald's, a Kemp's (a German chain serving pastries and sandwiches) and many restaurants (particularly Thai). Overall very pleased and would stay again.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>EasternEuropeLover
<Content>Not really satisfying experience!! I stayed at the Arcotel Velvet for 3 nights in december 2004. Unfortunately I cannot agree with most posts here as I disliked the hotel.We decided between the Westin and the Arcotel and chose the Arcotel because some friends who stayed there a month earlier highly recommended it. After having seen the Westin with its stunning Atrium I really regretted my decision.The Hotel is in rather a bad location compared to the international chain hotels where I usually stay. It takes some time to walk to the main sights and the surroundings look shabby. The lobby is ridiculously small such as the restaurant. Breakfast was on a 3 star hotel standart. The worst, though, were the rooms: my room had a view to the street from where anybody can watch you due to enormous windows. My friends had more luck: they could enjoy a small and extremly ugly courtyard from their windows. I was extremly bothered by the fact that the bathroom is not seperated from the rest of the room. In addition, it was freezingly cold in there. I cannot complain about the functionality of the rooms as everything one would need (mini-bar, television) was in there.Staff was friendly and helpful, though.I am already planning my next trip to Berlin and guess where I will stay: in the Westin.Not really sattisfying expirience in the Arcotel.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This works! Just back from a 2 night stay at the Arcotel Velvet in Mitte, Berlin. As boutique hotels go this is better than the average. The room is a decent size and the full length window to the street is a real feature. The shower is excellent and it's amazing how quickly one gets use to the gauze curtain screening the bathroom area from the bedroom. The bar is small - but works, didn't use the restaurant as there are 100's of places just around the corner. The staff were helpful (if a little dour) and all in all it's an ok place to stay. The quibble be on storage and lighting - there's no where to store folded clothes and only a couple of hangers ans the lighting the bedroom was pretty pocketed. Still for the money a good value place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bally
<Content>Excellent Hotel I have just returned from a three night stay at the Arcotel Velvet, and can honestly say that this is the best hotel I and my friends have stayed in.The hotel is excellently situated in Mitte, with the tram stop opposite and the U bahn a two minute walk away. Across the road from the hotel are numerous bars and restaurants that cater for everybody and they are all reasonably priced. Would recommend the Singapore restaurant directly facing the hotel and also the Berlini bar about two minutes further down the road. The hotel bar is also great for a relaxing drink.The hotel itself is of a high standard, we stayed in rooms facing the street on the fourth floor and the huge windows give you a great view of the city. The rooms have plasma screen tv and dvd and we were able to watch the television from the huge comfy beds. The bathroom is unique and the warm lamp creates an interesting red glow to the room.The hotel receptionnist were very helpful and nothing was too much trouble for them. I would recommend booking directly though the hotels own web site as we got the best deal here.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel We can't praise this hotel enough! Well located in the Mitte (former East Berlin) district, close to U-Bahn and tram lines. Hotel and bar staff were extremely helpful and spoke excellent English. The hotel offers a brilliant full buffet breakfast and free internet access in the front bar. The hotel is funky and hip, with a great decor. Will definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gazzerooni
<Content>Great place to stay I am just back from Berlin after a three day stay. I chose the Arcotel based on the price and the general reviews here. I have to say I was very happy that I did so...The hotel is very centrally located at the top of Oranienburger Strasse in the heart of Mitte. We were less than 15 minutes from the Brandenburg Gate and the Reichstag. Also nearby were Friederich Strasse for shopping as well as the fabulous Museum Island for culture.There is a branch of Lutter and Wagner attached to the hotel which serves a great buffet breakfast for 鈧?2.50. This was a great deal as you could eat all you wanted and be stocked up for the day.The room was very clean and bright. We had to take a back room looking over the courtyard as all the front rooms are doubles.The view is better at the front but the courtyard did us fine. The shower was so strong I took two showers every day. We didnt spend much time in our rooms but were very happy with the standard of it.The reception staff were all very helpful and were able to direct us to wherever we wanted to go. the hotel bar is situated at the front of the hotel and does great cocktails. It also has two free internet access points which were handy for checking emails on hols.I have been to Berlin before but always have stayed int he West. I would recommend this area as there is so much on its doorstep. There are tons of bars and restaurants on the street as well as in the area. Its easy to walk about but the U bahn stop is literally on the corner. The tram stops outside if you need it too!If you are looking for a luxury hotel where you can be pampered then this is probably not the place for you. However if you are looking for a great value hotel that is central and accesible this is definitely wher you want to stay!!!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Special Place to Stay We have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Arcotel Velvet. We travelled with Easyjet to Shonefeld airport. We got a taxi to the hotel, which cost about 30 euros. We had booked 2 rooms with Lastminute but on arrival they had only booked us one room. No problem for the friendly hotel staff, they just gave us another room. Both of our rooms were front facing and what an impact they had. One entire wall is just glass.(Unnerving if you have a fear of heights!) The rooms were spotlessly clean. The bed is one of the most comfortable that I have ever slept in. We had fresh towels every day and the free toiletries were really nice. I spent my 40th birthday there and on arriving back to our room at the end of an exhausting day of walking, there was a card and a free CD off the management. That was really thoughful and special.Breakfast was included in our price and it was lovely. It was buffet style and had everything including bacon and scrambled eggs.The hotel was situated on a fantastic road. Loads of bars and restaurants. It was very close to The U Bahn and the S Bahn. We discovered the underground on the second day. Well worth making use of.All in all we had a great stay at the Arcotel Velvet and in Berlin. The hotel is well situated for all the central attractions. All of us would advise anyone to stay here.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Boutique Hotel Room Yet Loved the Arcotel Velvet, What an amazing room for a great price, great location with nice helpful staff. Stayed there for three nights in beginning of October, on a short tourist trip to see Berlin. I reccomend everyone stay there who want to stay in the coolest hotel in Berlin. The room was a deluxe twin decked out in very modern comfortable desinger furniture with a complete glass ceiling to floor window that looks over the Mitte area of Berlin. The Tv was flat screen with dvd player that had great sound,the view from the bed couldnt have been any better. The bed was very comfortable and great light controls from the bed unit. The bathroom is only separted by a curtain, with a huge cosy bath great for two people with a perfect huge sink, and a heat lamp light. Everthing very new and clean. The bar has very relaxed martini atmoshere with a brillaint visual show projected on a wall, and free internet. The staff were very gracious and helpful. Best area for 24 hour party people to stay as its in a cool happening district next to the famous tacheles. Hope to stay there again when we are next in Berlin.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Whirlwind_Girl
<Content>Junior Suite I would like to move in indefinitely to the Junior Suite of the Arcotel Velvet Hotel. I stayed there in August 2005. The slanted floor to ceiling windows overlook one of the trendiest neighborhoods in Berlin. There are comfortable black leather seats in the sitting area and a luxurious bed and cedar closets in the sleeping area of the suite.Next door to the hotel, you will find an edgy art and performance space, Tacheles. The buildings were targeted for demolition, but squatters took over. Now there are numerous studios, graffitti covered stairwells, and an outdoor night club with a bonfire. Directly across the street, there is an excellent Singaporan restaurant. I ate there twice. Sit outside under the extraordinarily powerful heatlamps and order something with mango. The historic Neue Synagogue is also close by. If you are taking a taxi cab from anywhere back to the hotel, point to Tacheles on a map. The drivers I met had not yet heard of the brand new Arcotel, but they all knew of Tacheles. There is free Internet access in the hotel lobby bar. My only criticism is that there appeared to be few hotel employees (my room was not made up on Sunday until after 3 p.m. and I was on my own to figure out how to open and close the high tech windows ... uh, duh, by switches on the wall!).At 120 Euros per night, my Junior Suite was an amazing value. I cannot wait to return!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ebarav
<Content>good but not good value for money The first impression great rooms, but as time goes on not very well thought out from a function point of view. The Shower has a tap sticking into it at knee level ( the tap for the bath) and every time you turn you hit and bruse your legs. The TV great to get a plamsa tv but I asume most people look at it from the bed, it's not facing the bed, to swithc channel or control you have to get out of bed!! The DVD good toutch again but it's completly uncolotrolabe fromt he bed again by it's position .I found that it was poor value for money, you pay arround 110 euro a night but EVERYTHING is extra, with plasma tv and dvd player and hot lamp in bathroom with electrical blinds it would have been nice to have had a coffee maker!!! or free wirless internet or free breakfast!! I stayed in a hotel in berlin a week before at half the price including breakfast and with internet connection at free, and much friendlier staff ( the Comfort Auberge)  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>gbeaton78
<Content>innovative design, artistic sensibility... ...the location is great. S and U bahn very close by and a tram stop right outside. Within close walking distance to many sights, great shopping and even better dining. The housekeeping staff is very thorough- she scrubbed the bathroom daily. The shower was heavenly. Make sure you request a front facing room. We did not have one. It wasn't terrible but the back of the hotel has a boring view. It would have been nice to have one of those cool windows you see on their website and to look out toward the city. Unfortunately they were fully booked when we checked in so we couldn't move to a front facing room. My only complaint is about the bed. I appreciate a firm mattress but it was much too firm.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kwcm
<Content>Extremely impressed       This is directly opposite the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ARUANO
<Content>The place to stay! The velvet is an excelent choice if you want to stay in the middel of the trendiest area of Berlin. The rooms are modern, confortable and full of details (i.e. a DVD player in your room)The service is excelent; nice and willing to help.We didn麓t have breakfast as the area is full of cafes where you can better spend the 15 euros. The rooms in the back can be a bit noisy in the early night (not a problem if you, and you will, want to sample some of the many bars or discos around.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kevin72
<Content>Hotel was Nice but... The hotel is in a good location,1 block from the train station,very clean,quiet,AC worked fine.not bad for the price we paid on Expedia ($84) but the queen bed we stayed in wasn't comfortable for the 2 of us,mattress was very springy,you might be better off with 2 twin beds.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Bob+Diane
<Content>Funky, relaxed hotel in great location We stayed at the Arcotel Velvet for a long weekend at the end of July 2005. The hotel is very informal, it has a great bar (very chilled out), the rooms are very good (but ask for a street facing room, ours just overlooked a back courtyard). The integral bathroom works really well, there is a separate wc and the shower room  sink area is curtained off.The transport systems are good but many of Berlin's high spots are within walking distance of the hotel (with flat shoes!). There are a lot of art galleries in the area which are very interesting. On the last night we found a great spanish restaurant which served fresh, tasty food at very cheap prices plus nice wines by the glass and good beer. It is called Ruz, in Augustrase 63, telephone 28 09 77 88 (no need to book), about 5 minutes from the hotel.We will stay in the Arcotel nexttime we visit Berlin.Diane and Bob Williams, Liverpool  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joepinstripe
<Content>The coolest hotel room ever! I almost couldn't wait to come back to the USA so that I could write this review of my stay from July 24 - 27, so here goes...Plenty of hotels today market the cool-factor of their lounges, restaurants and/or room decor. And many deliver on that one level. But they nearly all fall down when they try to match the design bling with a similarly cutting-edge level of service...many just cannot get their supermodel staffs to deliver super-professional hospitality. Leave it to the Germans (or, in the case of Arcotel, the Austrians) to get the equation perfectly right!The hotel presents a modern front right from the curb -- the photos of the hotel here do not do justice to how shocking (in a good way) the glass facade of Arcotel is in relation to its surrounding neighbors. The chairs of the lobby bar spill out through floor to ceiling door/windows onto the sidewalk and create an inviting integration between building and passersby, in addition to being a great command post for people watching.Check-in was a breeze and very polite. My fumbling German can sometimes be met with impatience but here the desk clerk (at my request) just slowed down her delivery and gave me another chance to get my German answer right -- and I did! We both laughed at my little victory and I was up to my room with a smile on my face......Which soon became a gasp as I opened the door to my sixth floor junior suite (#608). What a room!!! The slanted floor to ceiling window-walls, the furniture, the kitchenette and the trendy bathroom were all just one exciting revelation after another. As a testament to how awesome the design of the room is, I can tell you that the nicest day of my entire vacation was an hour I spent in my room watching the rain from a brief downpour roll down over the giant slanted windows in rivers while thunder rumbled outside...it was incredibly peaceful but powerful. I kept thinking to myself that this was an experience I could have nowhere else but in this amazing space.Some neat touches: the James Bond gadget-style window vents and black-out blinds that open at a touch of a button; the do not disturb sign is your illuminated room number in the hall showing either red or green light; the nifty little cordless phone; the heat lamp in the bathroom; the Ikea kitchen module...and on and on.Breakfast is your typical European extravaganza with meats, cheeses, eggs, pastries, breads, cereals/grains, jams, spreads, juices...god, it was never a temptation to sleep in and miss this feast, I can tell you that! It's served in the Lutter  Wegner space adjoining the hotel and is thus a far nicer space than most hotel breakfast rooms.The location of the hotel is right around the corner from the Oranienburger Tor U-bahn stop, so super-convenient and just a 10 minute walk (max) down Friedrichstrasse to Unter den Linden. It's a mere 5 or 10 minute walk to Hackescher Hofe and Scheunenviertel and I walked home at 3am from a club in Prenzlauer Berg and it was safe and actually a quiet and lovely 25 minute stroll.I was wrecked that they were already booked for the World Cup Final next July because I am going to be back in town for that and cannot see any hotel possibly equalling Arcotel. My friends were staying in a room at the Westin Grand Berlin and when they saw my room they were blown away!My bet is that you will also be impressed. This is the coolest hotel I have ever stayed in (and I'm a veteran of the whole Ian Schrager, Christina Ong, Design Hotels, Anouska Hempel scene) and they have excellent service to match -- from the desk clerk to the bar staff to the breakfast room team, all receive high marks and my most sincere thanks for making this a great vacation visit.Arcotel is am besten!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>952
<Content>Best Hotel Room Ever The hotel room was the coolest I have ever stayed at. Location was excellent as there are many places to eat right across the street and you are within walking distance of all the major sites.The staff was very nice and the price for a room and hotel of that quality is quite low.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wicked! We stayed at the Arcotel in May. The room was extremely clean, super modern with a funky bathroom. It had a DVD/CD player which we only discovered before we left beause it was really tucked away, so if you fancy it, take your music with you. The really great thing about this hotel, besides the room being fab, is the location. You are bang next to this fantastic arts centre called Tascheles, which looks like a dilapidated building from the outside but inside you can stroll through artists studios and it even has a tucked away tiny cinema. The Hotel is also next to the metro so you can get anywhere in anytime.I really recommend this as a place to stay in Berlin as a base to explore the city!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Katzen
<Content>Wild Times We stayed here in May. Wonderful place. Super, sexy, cool! Huge shower area and comfy bed. Floor length windows ( funny, spooky effect when leaning just touching nose on glass and looking down...) Great entertainment watching 'ladies of the night' on duty in street below. Had flowers and champagne in room for arrival. Clean and stylish. Very helpful staff. Fantastic area. Great thai, indian and singapore food near by.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Arcotel - Berlin   showReview(3532325, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jagod
<Content>Well designed    showReview(3416053, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Denise_
<Content>Loved the Arcotel   showReview(3373160, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous   showReview(3315395, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Tabitha2000
<Content>Too stylish for words   showReview(3097885, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Nono-London
<Content>Excellent Value, Sexy Hotel   showReview(3017587, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad at all   showReview(2876927, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stylish, comfortable hotel   showReview(2806717, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An excellent boutique choice   showReview(2437816, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mayx
<Content>Sooooo klasse Cocktails   showReview(23281450, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	3	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima la posizione ma per il...   showReview(22232783, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ubicacion perfecta. Barrio con...   showReview(21836780, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel es perfecto y la...   showReview(21662842, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>OTTIMO PER POSIZIONE E...   showReview(21663045, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel   showReview(19642591, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(19642590, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Volupt茅 branch茅e   showReview(16611645, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lovemaster
<Content>Hotel piacevole e citt脿 molto bella!!!       FM.colazione in camera2  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>giolli2
<Content>Soggiorno perfetto   showReview(14500961, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(13976081, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>FRANCESCA73
<Content>Arcotel Velvet Berlino   showReview(13251774, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Prima volta a Berlino. Citt脿...   showReview(13163216, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A recommander chaudement   showReview(13191049, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tout confort dans un quartier anim茅   showReview(11307082, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>guida_per_caso
<Content>PER FARSI COCCOLARE A BERLINO!   showReview(10750069, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo per coppie   showReview(11307081, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Xoubi帽a
<Content>Buen hotel, buena zona.   showReview(10632931, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>modern und sch枚n   showReview(11307080, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder!!!   showReview(11665494, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>assolutamente consigliato   showReview(11665493, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tutto bene se non fosse per un...   showReview(11407492, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles, modernes Hotel   showReview(11456015, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Se encuentra situado en una...   showReview(11407493, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'Hotel 猫 centralissimo...   showReview(11407490, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel est谩 genial. Muy...   showReview(12649996, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11432071, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Merita un soggiorno   showReview(11432070, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel moderne au coeur du Berlin historique   showReview(11416732, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Siamo stati in questo hotel per...   showReview(11407488, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo non 猫 centralissimo...   showReview(11407491, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>NOs encant贸 el dise帽o del hotel...   showReview(11407494, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein Wochenende im Arcotel Velvet Berlin   showReview(11377627, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo   showReview(11377626, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel, design...   showReview(11407495, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'h么tel est tr猫s bien situ茅...   showReview(11407497, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 molto carino e lo...   showReview(11407496, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr freundliches, aktives...   showReview(11407498, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes, zentral gelegenes...   showReview(11407499, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

