<Author>Moche
<Content>Very Nice Hotel We loved so much about this hotel: nice rooms, great rainshower, water and apples, pleasant staff. And the restaurant was so good, we ate there two nights after sightseeing all day, especially nice to have somewhere so close to go to when you are exhausted. But I have to say, check in was not fun. We got a new, inexperienced person who didn't quite know what he was doing. He had no idea where the parking was located, couldn't find the cards and no one else in the place seemed to know either. So my husband had to park the car on the street, couldn't find anything and finally after he managed to find a space, he lost his way back. I was waiting and worrying for a half hour. Not something you want to endure when you are checking in at 9pm. I can forgive an inexperienced person, but the staff person who corresponded with me by email while booking the room was just plain inept. I specifically asked in advance about parking and was told that it was available, I just had to ask when I got there. He mentioned nothing about a charge, so I figured this meant they had their own parking and it was free. Not true. The real situation is that they have an affiliation with a parking garage nearby that charges 17.50 EUR a day. Or, if that is full, there is another across the street that charges 20 EUR a day. if I had known this ahead of time, I may have found a hotel with better parking, but since he didn't tell me, I ended up tacking on 52 EUR to my bill. How hard is it to tell guests about parking? Staff answering the reservation requests need to brush up on the basic knowledge of the facilities of the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>Quiksilver26
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel Great little hotel which has been decorated beautifully. My boyfriend and i stayed at the Market Hotel over New Year into 2009 and had a great time. We stayed for 3 nights - good sized room and bathroom. We had a small problem with too much heat in the room from a boiling radiator and the air con not working - but it was soon fixed. We stayed on the third floor - this meant having to get two lifts in different parts of the building, as the hotel is in an old building - not ideal when heaving suitcases around! We ate in the restaurant one night and thought it was very good and very well priced considering the pound is at an all time low! On the whole a lovely hotel, we would stay there again, and its very close to the metro so going anywhere in the city was really easy!We loved Barcelona - only downside coming from Scotland is the airport is in Girona not the main airport in Barcelona and is 90k from the centre. There is no train to take you so we had to pay 150euro each way in a cab - nearly 拢300 - almost the same price as the accommodation!Downside of the hotel - staff could smile more!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joanna82
<Content>Outstanding hotel!!! I absolutely loved this hotel. The design was amazing!! The rooms were comfortable and very inviting. Free bottles of water and apples at reception were a nice gesture after a long day sight seeing and shopping. Check in was pretty quick for 6 of us which was nice after arriving late. The free breakfast wasnt anything special but had a few different varieties such as cereal, toast, and different meats along with tea, coffee and fruit juice. The distance to the main street, the Rambla is a nice ten minute walk and a further ten to the marina. We only stayed for a weekend and only saw a few of the main attractions. The cable car was a little disappointing as it didnt go to where we expected and the wait to get on it was near enough an hour from the marina. We realised that its better to climb 200 steps and get on it from the other end. Theres plenty of places to eat in Barcelona, from the well known Hard Rock Cafe to local spanish resturants. I would definately go back as theres alot more to see and do and would definately stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pumpkinavocado
<Content>Not So Good The goods: The beds were very comfortable and the free water bottles and apples were fun.The bads: Not a sophisticated hotel. The fire alarm went off twice while we were there (once for a quite a while), the phones have no instructions on them so you don't know how to call to the front desk (much less anywhere else), everything that occurs on your hallway is incredibly LOUD (if you are a light sleeper, this is not the place to stay), upon our arrival they were training a new employee (we understand that people have to be trained but not while weary travelers are waiting to get to their rooms), everything is loose in the bathroom (eg, the fixtures on the sink and the sink itself) and the doorless shower yields quite a lot of water on the floor by the time you are finished, no washcloths, no bar soap. Recommendation: Put off your trip another 4 months and stay at the Banys Oriental. That's what we are doing next time.In all fairness, I will say, again, that the beds were just lovely and the room was very clean and the room was a good price.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>gorney
<Content>Market Hotel, a find! We visited Barcelona November 8th and 9th, 2008 and stayed at the Market Hotel. We were very pleasantly surprised with the accomodations. The room was immaculate and the bed very comfortable. The bathroom was huge and the staff were extremely helpful. One draw back was that you had to go through the dining room to get to the rooms and, with the luggage, it was difficult to maneuver. Another was that the hotel was in a neighborhood a bit far from the town center, however, it was a relatively quick cab ride there.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tomchalet
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic Hotel       The entrance  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Littlehippie
<Content>Good but avoid restaurant Staff - friendly and helpfulAccomodation - excellent. huge comfortable bed. really huge bath. lots of hot water. great little private outside terrace. good modern design. Breakfast - the usual, but more than acceptableLocation - 2 mins walk from San Antoni metro. So easy access to get around. 15 mins walk from RamblaRestaurant - disappointing to say the least. It promised much but the food was only mediocre.Overall, I'd recommend a visit.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>NYhotelreviewer
<Content>Bumped off by this Hotel... is it possible in hotels!! I would avoid this hotel... Last week I arrived after a long day on the road to be told my room was not available and that I was being moved to another hotel!! Two managers gave me 2 different reasons for this so clearly I was getting bumped off.. the Hotel where I was moved was far inferior and was told there that The Market does this quite often.ha... so be warned..Apparently they tried to contact me less than 24hrs before my arrival about this.... had there been a longer notice I could have looked for alternate hotels on my own.The Staff and Manager at The Market were most rude and unhelpful and did NOTHING to compensate me in any way.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Janooo
<Content>Decent deal, decent hotel Great place to stay as it is clean, has a modern Asian feel in the decour, and a decent breakfast to start you on your way. The room was spacious and the bathroom was huge. Book a room away from the elevator or stairway access doors as these can be a tad noisy because all guests go through the same area and the hallways are hardwood flooring. This hotel is close to the subway but make sure you have clear directions to reach it as it took us close to 2 hours to find and the locals didn't seem to know where it was. The surrounding neighbourhood seems a little run-down but perhaps this is just the old feel of the place.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>St_LouisMoFFGirl
<Content>Very New Hotel My friend and I stayed at the Market Hotel recently for two nights. We were impressed with the contemporary, urban design and the comfort of the rooms. We loved that the hotel offered free water bottles and fruit througout our stay. I am a walker and didn't mind the 15 minute walk to the main areas of interest. If you need to go back to the hotel throughout the day, the location might bother you. The only thing that might have been more helpful, was the hotel staff. Although very nice, they did not know how to inform us on how to catch the bus back to the airport. They seemed young and new. I would still recommend this hotel. I felt that for the money, it offered a lot of comfortable ammeneties.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>WhiteyYork
<Content>Great hotel Stayed at the Market for 4 nights and just got back today. I can't really say a lot because the hotel was great, it was good value at 99 euros a night for bed and breakfast. It could be a little bit hard to find, but if you e-mail them hotel directly they send you some foolproof instructions.The reception staff are great and very friendly, check in was easy. All relevant information was given readilly and you didn't have to ask.There was a fridge by reception with complimentary water and apples - this was great and a really nice touch.The room was modern, wood floor, modern pictues on the walls and nicley done out. Bathroom was fabulous and the shower was just amazing! Hard to understand anyone getting so giddy about a shower, but it really was something else! The head was like a dinner plate and the power was equal to a waterfall!! It was a walk in shower and the space was brillinat - perfect to banish your other half to in the event of a row!!!Breakfast was good, a bit of the same thing every day but it was good quality. If you are a cake lover you will be in heaven, cakes every day!!! If you want to eat in the restraunt I would advise booking, they say that at reception, its not a ploy to get you to book, its the truth. Every night we were there it was packed both at lunch time and in the evening. The food was great and the value for money was unbeatable. Foe example, there were four of us and we had the following: 3 (yes 3!) bottles of wine, 2 x starters, 4xmains (2 were massive steaks), extra chips and veg, 2 x puddings and 3x coffees and is was just 100 euros! We went to eat on La Ramblas one night and it was 99 euros and there were only main courses and no wine at all..........!One thing and it is only a small thing, just mind the steps to the right of reception up to the rooms, they are very poorly lit. It would be easy to fall down them especially if you have had a drink!All in all a great stay and highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blythe243
<Content>Stylish and absolutely fab Truly lovely, stylish hotel, very contemporary, tastefully designed, with huge luxurious bathrooms, oversize beds and exceptionally clean. We stayed here twice, and found the room facing the courtyard nicer: it was bigger, sunny and, most important of all, away from quite a busy street. Loved the area of the town it is located as well 鈥?far enough to be away from the tourist trail, but close enough to be in the strolling distance to everything. The restaurant is an amazing room, very light and airy. The evening meal we once had there was very nice, if unexceptional. The variety of options offered at breakfast however was realty amazing, and everything very fresh. No problem with the staff whatsoever 鈥?we changed our booking and it was not a problem. Restaurant staff were wonderful. Finally, some very small but lovely touches, like free bottled water and apples that kept us going through the day.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sunnysheils
<Content>Lovely spacious rooms  Had a lovely long weekend staying at the Market Hotel. Just a short and lovely stroll through Raval to get to tourist-central Ramblas, but far enough away to feel off the beaten track.Didnt experience problems with noise from the market that has been noted in some other reviews.we stayed in a junior suite which was very spacious and quiet with a massive bed. The choc cake at breakfast was gorgeous - washed down with perfect cafe con leche. Reception staff friendly and helpful. Didnt eat at the restaurant though it was full of Spanish diners every night.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>euros
<Content>Great Hotel, shame about the location The hotel itself is beautifully appointed, the junior suite in which we stayed was well designed and had one of the best bathrooms I have ever seen in a hotel, and contained a double bath and a walk in rain shower. The suite also had a large terrace, but had the drawback of being overlooked by a number of scruffy looking apartment blocks.Many reviewers have commented on the noise in the hotel. As our suite was in the back of the building I cannot comment on any noise associated with the market however the walls are thin and it was possible to hear people in the next room.The hotel's restaurant is remarkably good value, the food is not by a means haute cuisine but represents good value and when we visited attracted a number of locals.The main downside of the Market hotel however is it's location, although only a couple of minutes from the metro, the line is not a very convenient one for most of the sites except for the Sagrada Familia, and it's a good 15 minute walk from the Rambla and the Barri Gothic through a less than salubrious area, we fond ourself taking taxis back on more than one occasion.On the whole a very nice hotel which I would have no hesitation in recommending to other as long as you don't mind a bit of a walk.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>rosey22red
<Content>A Fabulous Find The Market Hotel was a fabulous find! When we first arrived I was nervous, I had only seen the pictures online and, compared to what else was on offer, this hotel looked exectionally good value for what you got - I was expecting the worst! However, the Market Hotel turned out to be more than value for money.The hotel itself is beautifully decorated, very high-spec and they have though of eveything. Not the largest hotel in the world but definetly perfectly formed. The service was firendly, helpful and accomodating but the real treasure was the restuarant below. We has breakfast in the restuarant every morning, it's included in the price. The choice of food was impressive and great quality and the retuarant itself was beautiful. We also had dinner in the retuarant on our last evening, it was by far the best meal we had in Barcelona. If I had been staying at a high class hotel I would say I had an above average trip, but when we received the bill for our stay we could not believe the exceptional value for such a wonderful stay. The only slight downside is the location, however it is in the centre and the boutique hotel itself, the fantastic value for money and the friendly staff more than make up for it.If you are ever in Barcelona I am sure you will enjoy a night or two at Market Hotel!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kittyScotland
<Content>Great modern spacious hotel Was a bit wary after reading the earlier reviews - but no need thought it was great.Booked a suite as the price difference wasn't that big and got a fab room really spacious with massive bathroom with a huage bath.The room had a little terrace with some longers on - but no view as it had a really high wall around it.For the price I paid was a bargain - really near the metro and great market next door for late breakfast - stayed for 4 nights made breakfast once - which was ok - staff were a bit grumpy, but then so would I be at that time of the morning.Nice spacious clean modern rooms - not too noisy.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Welshboyabroad
<Content>Underrated hotel We stayed at Market hotel for roughly a week in october 2007. Its not a top end hotel but well appointed with v v nice restaurant and good breakfast. I found staff very helpful, contraray to other reports even to the point of lending us a laptop to check flights etc. Room very nice but inevitably noisy from the street and some building work next door tough this was never really an issue apart from one night. there was no problem with noise from adjacent rooms, we were at the front with a balcony.Would reccommend and not hesitate to go back, undergound v close and ramblas 20 mins walk.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LondonRb
<Content>Great hotel, ok location The rooms were lovely and the breakfast great. Convenient location for getting around Barcelona on foot.The 2 negatives were:1. being woken up in the early hours by the lorries delivering to the adjacent market2. being given incorrect information about finding the bus to the airport, which resulted in stress at the end of the vacationOtherwise, a good value hotel with lovely features.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	3	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>liz28
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed for 4 days and really enjoyed our stay we were not disturbed by noise but i bought ear plugs in case we were, the only noise we heard was about 7am in the morning when the street came alive, but then we did have the window slightly ajar, we had a fab large room and a massive bathroom, we had 2 meals in the restaurant and both times we were pleased with the presentation, quality and price, breakfast was included and there was varied variety of food available.Staff were polite and the room was serviced daily.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>Lenkre
<Content>Ask for 904 and you'll be fine!       Junior Suite - 904  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>talitamir
<Content>What a disapointment! Was very excited to stay at this hotel after visiting their website.Unfortunately I didn't read all the reviews about the hotel because otherwise I would have chosen a different option.I must say, all negative comments about the hotel are true!The staff aren't too friendly although for a change, they spoke in English. We walked through the restaurant to the elevator and had to take a second elevator to the 3rd floor, which is in the old part of the building. The lifts are tiny!!! And made in the early 1900's! Scary to go in! Didn't enjoy dragging our heavy luggage through 2 lifts with no help. Never seen anything like this!Needed to use our room key to access the 3rd floor becuase it still has old residences living there. The building is not only the hotel!Our double room was literally across the door which accesses the 3rd floor. Because it's an old building (renovated of course) the doors old and slammed everytime someone went through it, and every door on the floor on the floor could be heared when going in and out. You could here people walking, talking, showering....The worse part about it is that our room faced the small passage way of the hotel, not the street and I was startled at 4 am by loud strange noises for a few hours straight. Turns out that the Food Market across the street stores and transports their products through this passage. I heard bottles being poured into a dumpster, carts being wheeled very loudly down the passage, drunk men spitting, yelling...It was aweful! When I went to change the room in the morning, they said we have the quietest room in the hotel because it doesn't face the street. I said to myself, if this is the quietest, I wonder how loud the other rooms are! To top off the noise probem ,Market seems to be rennovating and perhaps putting in a a new elevator shaft for the whole hotel to access. THat's great! BUT the noise at 8:30, 9:00 am is terrible. This goes on all day until late evening.Last comment in about the decor. At first is seems very nice but in our room we felt s crammed and the furniture and room's setup was poor. If you know what feng shui is, then this had such poor feng shui. Not good vibes here at all!. Mybe depends on the room. But do not get a room on the 3rd floor (ours was 304) and perhaps the suites are better set up. Looks like first floor (with noise from the street) would be your best bet.Food was good but the whole experience wasn't great!A disappointment - the owner really missed the point! Their other hotel in palamos was WONDERFUL!! Hotel Trias! How could the same owner mess up the hotel in Barca?  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	4	3	3	1	

<Author>Jewlyi
<Content>Excellent.... unsure why the review was so negative At the time of booking this hotel, there was almost no reviews. It was recommended by Telegraph or something. Then the day before my trip, I read the review and was really worried. I was tempted into cancelling as I cannot withstand noises. However my bf pointed out that we wouldn鈥檛 be spending much time there anyway.At arrival, the receptionist seem a little cold at first, but soon warmed up. She recommended loads of lovely walk for us, thank you. We booked the junior suite, room 904. My god, it was amazing for that price. Huge room, huge bathroom and extremely large terrace. The bath tub can actually 2 ppl in it. The shower is huge and strong jet. The terrace was lovely with 2 nice deck chair. I couldn鈥檛 hear any noise so may be I was very lucky.The breakfast was ok. There鈥檚 Wi-fi in room, but you are borrow laptop to be use downstairs.The restaurant is actually very very cheap, but excellent for that price.Location is good, it鈥檚 about 15min walk from Rambla. Or 2 mins from Urgell or Sant Antoni station.BEWARE of Bird poo scam in Barcelona. Someone squirked as with some bird poo stuff, and his team rushed to clean us up. Then another one stole valuables from our bags. Overall, beware of your stuff in Barcelona, but Market hotel is very very good. I think it鈥檚 designed to be the next Banys Oriental!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Bellamina
<Content>No, no, no, no, no...... Our experience of the Market Hotel mirrored much of what has been written below. On arrival the staff appeared disinterested and unwelcoming. There is no porter or assistance with bags, and you are vaguely pointed in the direction of your room. In our case, having booked a Junior Suite, we had to walk through the restaurant with our suitcases.Our room was nicely decorated, the bathroom is great, and we had a small whitewashed terrace with 2 sunloungers. The wardrobes are ridiculously small and inadequate for even a weekend stay. There is no mini bar, no kettle or coffee-making facilities, and no room service that we were aware of. On the plus side there is Sky and BBC News 24, and free broadband access.A few minutes after arrival we became aware of the soundproofing issue, being able to hear absolutely everything going on in the room next door. When we returned to our room in the evening we were also able to hear a lot of noise from the restaurant below. When we complained about this the staff were unable to give us a different room, and astonishingly (given the reviews on this site) claimed that no one else had ever complained about noise from the restaurant! Clearly there is nothing that can be done about this, so if you do stay at the hotel don't forget to bring earplugs. We were awoken at 5am and 7am respectively by the shower being used in the suite next door.Continental breakfast is served in the restaurant; the food is excellent- bread, croissants, ham, cheese, cereal, fruit juice etc, all fresh and of good quality. However, the service was unfriendly and the waitresses needed a lot of prompting to bring your tea or coffee, which was eventually slammed heavily down on the table with a sigh rather than a smile.Not being prepared to put up with such a poor experience, we made quite a lot of fuss on a number of separate occasions with the front desk staff, who were unfriendly/ unwilling/ unable to help. There was never a manager on duty, and not once were we apologised to or any attempt made by the staff to rectify our dissatisfaction.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	3	

<Author>oscillator
<Content>A triumph of style over substance Once you find the place it looks and feels very stylish - we were in a junior suite which are in the opposite end of the hotel to the rooms, which means traipsing through the restaurant to get to the lift, but which was large, with a walled terrace.However as a hotel it is hopeless simply because of the much stated complete lack of soundproofing from corridors and especially adjoining rooms. This is definitely NOT a place to spend your honeymoon or a dirty weekend.Great pity really.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travellerseattle56
<Content>inconvenient, very loud and lots of attitude Good looks can only get you so far...What an enormous disappointment!When we arrived at the hotel we fell in love with the aesthetic, thinking we had encountered a place that would become a long-time favorite. ...And then the couple in the room next door started talking (just talking, not shouting). And the construction upstairs began. Then someone on the floor ran a shower. The noise was so loud, it drove us right out of the building for a calming walk. We walked for a while trying to decide if we could handle the feeling that the entire building of families, construction workers and people showering were sharing our bedroom with us. (when reviews say there is no soundproofing in these walls, believe them)Once out on the street we resolved to return to the hotel for a nice dinner and an accepting attitude towards giving them another chance. We'd heard the restaurant was wonderful. As people who travel a lot for work, we have two words for the food at the Market Hotel--Chafing Trays. Anyone who attends a lot of conferences, knows what I mean. When your steak comes out 2 minutes after you ordered it with a glutenous sauce and tough potatoes, you know it's been sitting there waiting for someone to eat it for quite some time. In addition, the service was arrogant and dismissive both at dinner and a breakfast. The people at the desk where uninterested in anything, as far as we can tell. The only time anyone smiled at us was when we would leave the hotel. Are they that anxious for us to go?Well we did. We checked out as soon as possible, paid a higher rate to stay someplace else...where we received a quiet room, excellent food, a beautiful view and delightful service.our advise...do not stay here...  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>freqtraveleratl
<Content>Great Hotel. Good Value My friend and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Market Hotel. Room was small yet very well appointed. Bathroom was especially nice for a European hotel - large with walk-in shower and upscale fixtures. French doors opened to a small terrace. The hotel is in a good location with convenient access to several Metro stops. Staff was friendly and helpful. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>crashbpm
<Content>Good Deal in Theory, But Some MAJOR problems My wife and I were spending two days in Barcelona after a couple of weeks at a villa in Costa Brava and chose The Market based on a mention in Conde Nast Traveler. Our criteria in looking for a hotel: someplace affordable but also central, stylish and comfortable.We discovered that The Market met the first two criteria -- and came to regret not paying more attention to the Trip Advisor Reviews we had read complaining about the noise problems at the hotel. The hotel is in a good area. The entry is located on a mews/alley in an area that is very near all the central sites and shopping. And it looks amazing -- stylish and chic while also being understated. And we couldn't argue with the price -- about 90 Euros a night.But we discovered there was a huge disparity in rooms. We were traveling with a friend who had booked a single and was given a really great room with a balcony and a four-poster bed (ie a room that looks like the one featured on the website). My wife and I were shocked when we opened our room to find it was half the size of our friend's room. Our room was tiny -- almost felt more like a hip single hostel room -- with just enough space for the bed and one suitcase (good thing we only had one suitcase). While our friend had great light through a big window, we had small windows that looked onto the mews and got not light.I am usually the type to complain and try to switch rooms in these sorts of situations, but we had arrived late after a long drive and we just wanted to get to bed. We figured that we only wanted to use our room to sleep.And that's where the real problems began: to say the rooms lack soundproofing is an understatement. We could hear EVERYTHING that was going on throughout our floor. If someone flushed the toilet, we heard the water gushing through the pipes in the wall. The opening of the hall doors echoed through our room. We could hear every word of a conversation in the room next to ours -- and it wasn't because our neighbors where being loud or inconsiderate. And then the construction began at 7 AM on the apartments in higher floors...They obviously skimped on the soundproofing and insulation when constructing this place (it is a converted apartment building). I have stayed in dive motels with better soundproofing.We def. will not be back...and would warn anyone traveling with decent size bags or children to stay away.OH and there is no on-site parking or valet. No one to take your bags to your room. The parking is in a private facility across the street that has an arrangement with the hotel -- although when I tried to park my car there at 1 AM the attendant refused to take my car, saying the lot was full. It was only after begging in broken Spanish that he allowed me to leave it there.On the plus side, the breakfast is nice (but simple) and the restaurant is good for dinner.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	2	2	1	

<Author>JuliaBucharest
<Content>colored my stay I have spent 5 nights in this hotel after looking for one that could define a perfect stay : price , quality, and location. Market had it all . I can say that the web site page reflects reality. Rooms are a combination of modern and antique. Nice, unique shower and a room with all needed basics. Allthough i would recommend a mirror in the room not only in the bathroom. And also a bigger cupboard for a longer holiday. We had a minor problem in the first night . We did not have hot water, they fixed the problem in the morning and when we got back it was ok. But the good note of the hotel made it so that we did not take it into consideration. It is also closed to the center where you can shop , eat and have a wonderfull time. It is a 15 -20 minutes walk or 2 metro stations . The subway is 5 minutes or less from the hotel. The breakfast was delicios for all types of tastes. All fresh and well done. Never dinned in the restaurant but in the evening it was so crowded that we thought the food was delicios. The neighborhood is a silent one with nice people. I recommend Market hotel for all kinds of people .  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>deirdre1
<Content>Lovely Hotel This hotel is a lovely hotel in a area of Barcelona hadnt stayed before, was surprised by the big picture of Maui in bedroom and hall, it is about 10 -15 minutes walk to la ramblas or 2 metro stops, would highly recommend it, i think they were starting a collection service from the airport when we were there  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stampy
<Content>If you need more than 3 hours sleep a night - DON'T stay here Overall the decor of the hotel is nice, the area hasn't got a lot going on but is not at all touristy which makes a nice change, and it is only a ten minute walk to a lot of the sights. Oh, and the shower in the room is excellent.That's all I can say that is positive about this hotel. I have stayed in hotels in busy cities, particularly in Asia, and have never experienced the level of noise during the night as I did at the Market Hotel. Whilst the external noise is not the fault of the hotel, the atrocious soundproofing is. The windows were of such poor quality at keeping the noise out that I had to keep checking they had glass in!My wife is normally a deep sleeper, and it takes a lot for her to be disturbed, but she suffered as much as me (and I had the foresight to take earplugs).The only time the noise abated was between around 2.00am and 4.00am. There was a nightclub down the alley which may as well have been in the room. When I went down to reception to enquire what time it was likely to close, they told me 1.00am. As it was already 2.00am I assume it was a time travelling nightclub.The building work started very early, just as you thought you may get an extra hour to make up for the lack of sleep during the night.When I approached reception about the problems they were completey indifferent. They had no alternative rooms and would not assist in locating another hotel. As we were in Barcelona to attend a wedding, we didn't have time to move ourselves.Normally at a wedding you like to have your clothes as crease free as possible. To this end I approached reception to ask to borrow an iron. I was told that it would be brought straight up to my room. 40 minutes later nothing. I rang down several times but no answer, so I went myself. It took me several minutes to locate the person who had promised me the iron, who confirmed he had completely forgotten. He located me an ironing board, but said he couldn't find the iron. No apology, just more indifference. Whilst an ironing board did fulfil 50% of my request, it was 100% useless without the other half. Not a major hiccup, but indicative of the things that just weren't right. Another example was the cheap and good food in the restaurant, which was accompanied by filthy cutlery.We really enjoyed our four nights in Barcelona (despite being creased and tired) and will definately go back. We just won't be staying here, and would advise anyone else to avoid it.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>nora d
<Content>a few problems Stayed here on a trip with my sisters, rooms small but functional. Very noisy, lots of building work, which they dont tell you about on the web site, starts at 10am and doesnt stop, had plaster falling in our room. Also some builders let themselves in to our room to empty a bucket of dirty water in our bathroom and didnt bother cleaning up. We also saw huge cockroaches and had to block under the door every night.All that aside we did enjoy our trip.Its in a residential area so not great for restaurants but only a short walk to main areas. Staff friendly and helpful, also the locals were particulary friendly.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	4	3	4	

<Author>rdayglo
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyed my stay I don't usually write reviews---most hotels have nothing noteworthy to mention, but the Market Hotel caught my spirit and is a great value. I moved here after spending three nights at a Hilton while I was on business. I found it curiously attractive (hard to find, multiple lifts for 3 floors, frosted windows with views to utilitarian courtyards).The hotel is modern and located in a building where the upper floors are under renovation (maybe it's noisy during the day, but who stays in their room in Barca?). There are all the amenities that you need and plenty of extras (breakfast buffet included, cooler with water and apples). The staff was pleasant, attentive, helpful and attractive. The room was large and clean, with wooden floors. I had two comfortable double beds. There was a flat-screen television and a computer connection (a computer was available for guest use). The bathroom was roomy, clean and functional ---I don't know which I liked better the large one-piece stone wash basin, or the tiled shower that actually had the right combination of pressure and volume. The body wash and shampoo smelled great and there was a hair dryer that I didn't use. It's somewhat difficult to find but worth the search (both on the internet and in person. I can't say enough about its restaurant---great food, high quality and low price. The hotel is located close-in near the Mercat St. Antoni, a wonderful place to spend an hour (or more) if you are at all interested in local food, culture, language, etc. The metro is a block away, cabs are available on call or on the street (within a minute or two, but spotty). 5-10 minute walk to La Rambla.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JohnnyBowers
<Content>Stylish, well priced, Central Hotel       View of the restaurant  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	4	5	

<Author>js9539
<Content>Excellent boutique hotel The hotel was a great place to stay, at a very good price. We stayed in a standard double and a junior suite and found each to be good-sized rooms, very nicely decorated. The staff was uniformly courteous and helpful. The included breakfast was nothing special (fruit danish and bread were good, coffee and ensaimada were not), so we ended up skipping it half the mornings. The rooms aren't very sound proofed, though, so I could imagine an unpleasant experience if you ended up with loud neighbors (we could hear people talking, but that wasn't too bad). And, as a minor point, I would liked there to have been mattress covers on the beds, rather than what felt like just sheets on the mattresses. Overall, though, we had an excellent experience and would definitely recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>anonymHeidelberg
<Content>Tolles Hotel mit nettem Personal!   showReview(20873282, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	4	5	

<Author>helgasevilla
<Content>encantador y con algun peque帽o obstaculo   showReview(19053033, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nubes80
<Content>L'hotel Mrket di barcellona 猫 particolarissimo   showReview(16138898, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>desirade
<Content>ottimo soggiorno   showReview(10000982, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mamichon
<Content>bien mais trop bruyant   showReview(8248675, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Mats67
<Content>El Market Hotel est谩 muy bien! :-))   showReview(7201425, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

