<Author>Sydneyfamily11
<Content>Luxury all the way. We stayed at the Grand Hyatt for 7 nights in mid-December with 2 children. Our room was spotless each day and we were pleased with little details like the provision of children's toothbrush, kimonos and slippers as well as an abundant supply of complimentary bottled water. Concierge was extremely helpful in getting us tickets to the Ghibli Museum (which usually has to be booked months in advance) and reconfirming our stay at a different hotel for skiing. The porters were very efficient with our long-term storage of bags whilst skiing and organising airport limousine reservations etc. We had the buffet breakfast at the French restaurant which was very nice but pricey. We swam at the pool a couple of times. Staff are courteous and professional but constantly hovering around and reciting the rules of pool usage etc The pool is probably more suitable for business guests wanting to do a few quick laps and leave.Overall, we enjoyed our stay very much and, apart from the pool area, the hotel is surprisingly child-friendly.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ILuv2Travel
<Content>Beautiful Hotel We stayed with our 2 children (ages 9  11) for 3 nights. We orignally booked a Grand Suite for A$1300 and were dissapointed to find a view of a concrete wall. For that price we really expected better. After many many phonecalls to reception and management - we managed to get upgraded to a suite on a higher floor (only after we announced that we were moving hotels). The lack of English spoken was very frustrating and was a big negative for us.The rooms decor is beautiful and the hotel restaurants are all fantastic.For us though, the prices of food were HUGE! We didn't realise that Tokyo was such an expensive city.The concierge sent us to Blue Man Group which we saw advertised in Las Vegas. We were very excited. The tickets cost about A$400. He failed to tell us that the whole show is in Japanese and was a complete waste of time and money for us! Also, it was a really wierd show.If you like shopping, try to get a hotel in Ginza. I wasn't impressed with the shops near Grand Hyatt (Roppongi).Be sure to eat at Nobu while in Tokyo!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	2	5	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>KittyChan
<Content>Stay Here If You Can I lived in Japan for 4 years and was able to stay in some of the country's -- and region's -- better hotels. When I recently returned for a visit to Tokyo over Thanksgiving Weekend '08, I'd found a very good limited-time offer rate for the Grand Hyatt, which made the hotel all the more appealing. As others have noted, the GH is an oustanding hotel, which is saying a lot in a city with some of the world's finest. Located next to the hyperbusy and flashy Roppongi Hills shopping, dining, and office complex, the GH is an oasis of sophistication, luxury, and restrained Japanese pampering. From the soaring minimalism of the lobby to the hushed elevators -- the end two of which are glass-enclosed with views over the city and Tokyo Tower -- to the stunning rooms, the GH is a destination in and of itself. My basic (Grand Deluxe) room was large and luxurious, with contrasting woods, bedside remote controls for the window sheers and blackout panels, a huge natural-stone bath and separate rain-shower stall, and super-comfortable king bed. I was on the 20th floor, and while part of the view from the huge window was of the adjacent Mori Tower office building, I also had a fine view of Tokyo Tower and nearby skyline. The room couldn't have been quieter or more comfortable. The hotel's fast and faultless internet service, both wired and wifi, was included in the basic room rate.As a Gold Passport member, I had free access (otherwise around $20) to the GH's beautiful, hushed spa facilities, which include a red-granite swimming pool with a contrasting translucent white round whirlpool.Other reviewers have mentioned the GH's very expensive restaurants, but the prices are in line with similarly high-end restaurants in Tokyo. I only visited the French Kitchen, where two glasses of champagne and escargots (delicious) set me back around $50.Japanese service is second to none in the world, and the GH staff met every request and need quickly and graciously. I changed my return-flight reservations twice; the staff took care of both complicated requests within a few minutes each time. When the concierge made a dinner reservation for me at a nearby French restaurant I'd read about and wanted to try (La Lune; excellent), they also sent a note up to my room with a detailed map showing the exact location of the restaurant in relation to the GH. While the GH is perhaps resistable at normal rates (I was quoted a rate of over $400/night for my room if I were to stay an extra night, about $200 more than I was paying), it's a beautiful hotel with unbeatable rooms, service, and ambiance. Treat yourself when in Tokyo.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cafmen
<Content>One of the best in town       Room  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travegoddess
<Content>LOVE the Grand Hyatt Tokyo We were in Tokyo and spent 5 6 nights in Tokyo, five at the begining of our trip and one night before leaving to return to NYC. We booked two rooms for three adults at the Grand Hyatt Tokyo and I can only say that this hotel in Roppongi Hills is FABALOUS!!!!! It is close to quite a few train stations. If going to Tokyo you should consider staying at this hotel. It was a little pricey but again well worth every penny  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travel_dodger
<Content>Cool place - great time I can see there a lot of great reviews for this hotel. really loved the place - a funky hotel, absolute quality.Loved - the rain shower, automatic controls for everything, quietness, nearby restaurants, breakfast.Really there were no negatives. If I ever get to Tokyo again with some extra TA in my pocket, I know where I am staying.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>a_freq_traveller
<Content>cool place Hotel is fantastic. Very modern, extremely clean, lots of nice, rich modern reddish wood. Extremely nice room (I had a suite) with everything you could ask for...a power adaptor in the drawer, amazing shower in its own room, nice sofas, huge firm bed, nice big working desk.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tmjm
<Content>Truly Fantastic Agree with most of the comments about this hotel. It's fantastic in just about every way. The location, hotel, rooms, staff were all wonderful. Appears to be a business hotel but perfect for Tokyo pleasure travel as well. Hotel restaurants are VERY expensive but there are many other restaurants in the area. Roppongi area is beautiful and busy but much more quiet and easier to navigate than other areas like Shinjuku, etc. Very convenient to the Roppongi subway stations for both the Hibiya and Oedo lines. The staff was amazing. Truly Japanese hospitality. Absolutely wonderful stay.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>AimeG
<Content>Excellent Hotel, perfect base for Tokyo sightseeing The Grand Hyatt Tokyo is in the Roppongi Hills complex. It is very new and modern and v easy to get to. There are lots of places to eat around it in the complex. It is a business hotel given the price, but if you are a tourist looking to treat yourself you should def. stay here. The transport links are excellent a 4 minute walkway walk to Roppongi station. The concierge are amazing to plan the rest of your stay in Japan, they have all the information to go to Kamakura, Nara, Kyoto and sightseeing in Tokyo. The hotel is v new, and the rooms are top notch. Plasma TV, incredibly confortable bed, the shower is amazing, there is also a bath and the toilet is v high tech as you would expect in Japan. They also have some amazing blackout blinds which let you sleep easily with the jetlag even on a bright day. Additionally, after some sightseeing you may want to unwind in the swimming pool area. The pool is about 30metres long so v good to do a few laps in. If you have a Gold Hyatt Passport you can also use the spa on a complimentary basis. I will definetely come back.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>hoboesque
<Content>un-Japanese glitz! This is one of those jewel in the crown hotels. Part of the swank Roppongi Hills complex, it's wall-to-wall investment bankers, independent wealth, and their entourages. The cafe is the place for business breakfasts, the bars are the places to meet. The service is a perfect mix of Japanese courtesy and politeness, with international 5-star flexibility.The rooms are beautifully appointed, and the bathrooms wonderful.Of course you pay for all this, but if you can... you'll be pleased. The only negative I found was in the sports complex. While the gym entrance is free (or at least it was for my status with the Hyatt frequent-stay programme), use of the facilities within isn't. And when I used my training fins in the pool, the staff firmly told me not to, in case I hurt a small child. I was the only person in the pool at the time and this was clearly ridiculous. I was then doubly cheesed off to be charged separately to use the pool.But fundamentally this is a wonderful hotel, one of the world's best modern hotels.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Salimmmmmmm
<Content>One of the best hotels i've been to This is one of the best hotels i've been into, and i've been to many many 5 star hotels around the world. The rooms are beautifully simple and comfortable, the bathroom is right-sized (not pretentious big) done with taste and comfort in mind, the service absolutely impeccable, the concierge SUPER helpful and very professional.. The restaurants serve fantastic food.now for the downsides: Roppongi Hills is ok, although i would go back to the hotel again despite the location which feels somewhat like a mall. The lobby could do with a bit more character but who cares?I would definitely go back to this hotel again  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MarcLauniopoko
<Content>The TOP       Lobby  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Peter_Smallhill
<Content>Quality Outstanding hotel featuring modern, but tasteful and sometimes museum quality interior decorations in the public spaces (witty statues, perfect vase arrangements, cut plants, water pools etc.)Service is flawless.Rooms are quiet (though not completely soundproofed) and extremely comfortable, with wonderful bedding and showers. Excellent amenities. Internet access is super-fast and free. Choice of international newspaper delivered in the morning.Ground floor coffee shop can be crowded and noisy, but in early evening you can sit outside in good weather. Food is very good. Even better is French Kitchen on 2F which features a quiet balcony with plants and small decorative water pools for outdoor dining. The Japanese sushi restaurant on 6F is terrific. Room service is reliable and excellent.This hotel provides a definition of what quality service can be. And the overall aesthetics of the place, refined and understated, take it beyond excellent.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Andy Hayler
<Content>Runs like a Swiss watch I had a 10 day stay at the Grand Hyatt in May and early June 2008. Usually with long stays, any little cracks in the service start to show after a few days, but the staff here are very impressive and maintained a terrific standard of service throughout. The place is not cheap, and rooms are Tokyo sized i.e. not that big, but well appointed. The shower was excellent, and they had excellent bedside reading lights (something which so many hotels screw up). We had access to the Club Level, which is well worth doing. You get free nibbles at breakfast, lunch and early evening, and unlimited drinks. It is a good view from the 10th floor, and a glass of champagne while looking out is a nice way to start your evening.The gym is excellent, the swimming pool pretty but charged for extra for (an odd notion, it seems to me). The concierge staff were superb, doing a huge amount of work for us in a highly efficient manner. The Swiss general manger actually wanders about the place talking to guests rather than hiding away in his office as so often happens in large hotels. The location in the Roppongi Hills complex is excellent, as a subway stop is effectively in the basement that is just four stops to the Ginza, and you have all the shops, bars and restaurants of the complex at your disposal. We saw an exhibit at the Mori Tower art Gallery, for example, that consisted of every Turner Prize winner, something I would struggle to see n London.I have travelled widely, and I would rank this in the best three hotels I have stayed at anywhere in the world.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vgchao
<Content>Good Tourist Hotel This is my second time to Tokyo, last time I was here as a tourist and this time for business. Roppongi is a very touristy area, and not very convenient location if you are here for meetings or work.The hotel itself is wonderful. All of the other reviews are spot on. I'll try not to be repetitive. Except to say that the service is impeccable, the concierge is the best I have every had. Rooms are spacious and deliver that Japanese aesthetic. Just a few negatives -There aren't any floors higher than 20 or 21, so if you are looking for that Tokyo view, you won't get it here, the breakfast buffet is a little lacking for a hotel of this caliber. (but again the staff almost makes up for it. The head chef would bring me my usual by the second day), the ambient temperature in the halls and the lobby are a little warm for my American-air conditioned-tastes, (kept about 76F/24C degrees)The positives (that haven't been mentioned) - Wireless is FAST, the meeting spaces are great and conference services are top notch, the black-out shade is the best, fitness center equipment is new and clean, the Japanese restaurant in the hotel (6 FL) is authentic.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ontravel800
<Content>If you have to go to Tokyo, stay here. Tokyo is not a pleasant city. It is too busy, with only japanese writing everywhere and small spaces. Hyatt is a breath of fresh air. Very modern, well run and spacious, it is a must to saty sane if you have to go to tokyo.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>newyorkgal07
<Content>Lovely but jaw-droppingly expensive! My husband and I spent 3 days at the Tokyo Grand Hyatt and were thrilled with our stay...The hotel is lovely--a wonderful balance between crisp lines/modern decor and warmth, which I often feel that modern hotels lack. The service was impeccable from start to finish--we were graciously welcomed and looked after at turn. Just a few examples: The concierge put together a suggested itinerary for a one-day stay in Tokyo and provided us with multiple maps and area guides; We needed a new memory card for our digital camera and the concierge seemed to have multiple stores on speed dial as she searched for an open store nearby; and the front desk will send up movies to your room at anytime. The service was certainly on-par with a Four Seasons and we highly recommend this hotel. Our only frustration was with the pricing, which is par for the course in Tokyo, I'm afraid. A side of toast--2 slices--from room service was $6.30. A Diet Coke in one of the hotel's restaurants was $8.50. These and other prices are simply absurd. However, in a city in which the initial charge on the taxi meter is $7.10, I suppose this is to be expected.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GlobeRoamer
<Content>EXCELLENT in all aspects but one A excellent and well located hotel. The standard room is very spacious with a kingsize bed, great sober contemporary design and a really fantastic bathroom - the washand basin is a bit shallow though lol. Houskeeping services are prompt and comprehensive - free shoe shine for example. DVD player is a great plus...However the hotel is pricey and propo rates difficult to come by. For shoppers you are just beside ropponggi hills which is a great asset. Aoyama is close by. The one aspect I find excessive .. for those like me who like a hotel with a pool?.... access is only free to residents between 5 and 7am otherwise a charge of YEN 4,2000 applies !!!! +/- EURO 38 (US$ 57)..too much. The fitness room is free tho. I will return though.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ammLA
<Content>Very Impressed We stayed here for two nights in March and loved it! The intuitive service we encountered stood out the most. We were constantly blown away by their eagerness to help whether it was the concierge arranging a spa treatment for us at another hotel in Bangkok (we were going there next) or booking train tickets for us to the airport, we always felt well taken care of. The room is very modern and spacious. The rain shower was to die for, the view was amazing and the heated toilet was a plus!The Oak Door is not to be missed.We will definitely be staying here again we are in Tokyo.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>S.Fong
<Content>Very luxurious,,, This is the first time I spent in Tokyo, Japan. I traveled for business. The staff all spoke English fluently and was so willing to help. A smile was on everyone's faces. From what people told me, I expected tiny rooms. Contrary... The room was a very good size and had a very luxurious feel to the room. You can usually tell how nice the place is by the bathroom. The bathroom was covered with marble. The shower was so inviting. The toilet was so high tech. After my stay, I wondered how I can take the toilet home with me. The window coverings were remote controlled. The room was so quiet. Everything was as perfect as a hotel room can be. The only negative that I could come up with is that hotel did not have a top sheet. Being someone who is a bit wary of hotel germs, I wonder why hotels are starting to do this more and more. I doubt the duvet covers ever get washed, therefore how many people have used the blanket before I slept in that bed? As I spent more time in Tokyo, I learned that most people do NOT speak English...so I really appreciate the staff that was so welcoming and so fluent in English. The other drawback was that the room was a bit pricey...but I imagine that is what you would expect at such a luxurious hotel.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelerBrazil
<Content>Lovely! Just perfect! I spent 4 days in early February. This was my second staying in this hotel and, again, the experience was great! Cleanliness, decoration, restaurants, and especially staffing are outstanding. Location in the trendy Roppongi Hills is also a plus. As a 鈥渂onus鈥? L鈥橝telier de Joel Robuchon is 鈥渏ust around the corner鈥?, in the same complex building, that gives another top-notch restaurant option. Look forward for my next staying there!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WorldTravelerInSF
<Content>Fantastic hotel!! Worth Every Penny - You Must Stay Here! This is a FANTASTIC hotel-- in location, decor, service (top notch), ammenties, food. Everything about this hotel is fantastic and it must seriously have one of the best showers in all of Japan! I stayed in 5-star hotels the entire trip and even at the Park Hyatt and this shower was the best. I did pay extra for the room with a view of Mt. Fuji -- but don't get sucked into that trap. Mt. Fuji is known as the shy mountain b/c it's often hidden behind the clouds, so you're wasting your money for that view. Opt instead for the city view if you must, but not the Mt. Fuji view. The service was absolutely exceptional with no pretense at all and they understood English perfectly. They were so incredibly helpful and every time I took a taxi they would write in Japanese where I was going on a business card and handed it to my taxi driver -- so thoughtful. I would highly recommend this hotel and it's so much fun to stay in Roppongi Hills. If you don't know this already - Roppongi Hills has no hill -- think Beverly Hills of Tokyo. It's swanky, trendy and very fun. Very international part of Tokyo so there are quite a few expats here -- I did like that, but some people do not. It was the 1st hotel I stayed at on my 2 week trip to Japan and was the best way to start off my trip smothered in such luxury. Definitely stay here -- it's worth every penny!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wanderlustny
<Content>Fantastic This is in one of my top 5 favorite hotels, worldwide. Beautifully designed building with clean, modern, and unbelievably comfortable rooms. The shower and bathroom areas are amazing, the bed was large and luxurious. The hotel is also in a fantastic location with a plethora of shopping and restaurants within walking distance. The staff here is top notch as well.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mooseontheloose
<Content>Excellent hotel Excellent modern building, great food and one of the best pools ever - and the staff are both friendly and efficient. What more could you want?  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>buzziebee
<Content>Loved this Hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>LadyVol-VB
<Content>Fantastic hotel My husband and I just stayed here for 5 nights. I am a Diamond member with Hyatt so we got upgraded to a corner room (645 sq. feet) rather than a normal room (452 sq. feet). Our view from room 902 was fantastic since there were huge windows on each corner wall. We even saw Mt. Fuji from our room one morning. I used to live about 1/2 mile from this Hyatt but never really saw Mt. Fuji since my apartment was on the 3rd floor and my office was on the 5th floor. So, seeing the skyline of Tokyo from the 9th floor was a real treat. As a Diamond member, we also got free access to the Grand Club (aka Regency Club in the U.S.) . It was great for breakfast (starting at 7 AM every day) with a very fresh assortment of breads, meats, cheeses, yogurts, cereals and fruits. In the evening from 5:30 - 7:30 they serve alcohol, appetizers and desserts and my husband and I made that our dinner every night. The 4 women working in the Grand Club were very good -- standing and greeting us when we came and left and always making sure our beverages were full and quickly clearing away empty plates.The service was impeccable and the room was simply outstanding. We were using free nights so that made it even better. We also got free internet. I think that is for all hotel guests and I don't think that had anything to do with me being a Diamond member.As a Gold Passport member (not even Diamond level, just being a member), you can have free coffee or tea delivered to your room every morning. There is also an electric kettle and instant coffee and tea bags in the room and a refrigerator, too, that you can ask them to empty of the overpriced beverages.I looked at the gym and swimming pool area (the pool area is free for Diamond members but other hotel guests have to pay for it -- the gym is free for all) but never used it. Gym clothing can be rented.The hotel is very close to Roppongi Station to catch Hibiya and Oedo subway lines. The Limo Bus stops right at the hotel from Narita Airport for 3000 yen per person each way which is definitely the way to go to and from Narita when staying at the Grand Hyatt Tokyo.I've stayed at Hyatts all over the world and as far as a non-resort Hyatt goes, this has been one of the best. FANTASTIC!!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>paularc
<Content>Great Hotel Just returned from a five night stay at the Grand Hyatt. This is a wonderful hotel, with very comfortable good-sized rooms. The heated toilet seat with electronic bidet functions was especially interesting !We stayed on the club level which provided a very nice breakfast every morning and snacks/drinks every evening. The extra money to stay on the club level is a much better deal than paying for the breakfast downstairs in the French Kitchen ($40/person) in our opinion. Club level also provides dedicated conceirge and front desk services.Conceirge was very helpful, making reservations and printing maps for various excursions.Location is great, in the Roppongi Hills area, which is a relatively new development within Tokyo. Lots of shops and restaurants in easy walking distance and easy access to the subway.The Spa is beautiful. Fitness center is very complete and the locker rooms with a superb sauna/plunge pool area is great. Hanging out in the massage chairs watching TV is also very relaxing, even if you have to watch MTV in Japanese !The hotel is expensive, and the restaurants in the hotel are also expensive. However quality is very high everywhere, service is excellent so if you're looking for a high-end hotel in Tokyo this is definitely a good choice.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tokyogal
<Content>Okay The decor is nice and new. I found the front desk staff uppity but professional....they could have been more friendly. I live in Tokyo and I wanted to treat myself and even for this city,I found the room was comparitively small.I have frequented the Oak door with my friends and I was outraged that they charged me 26.00 for a glass of carbernet the other night.Stick to a gin and tonic for 12.50 but stay away from getting taken advantage of with regards to wine.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jetlagged7
<Content>Beautifully decorated hotel A beautiful hotel, just as described in all the tour books and web sites. Spectacular view, as the lobby is on the 54th floor.What wasn't described is that this hotel is located in very much a business district. Not the type of hotel where you can just walk out the door to shop and eat. That said, you must take a taxi everywhere to depart, or walk (15 minutes) to the nearest train station. Also interesting to note: the restaurant/club on the top floor has views to die for, but beware that to sit in the bar only there is a cover charge even if you eat and drink there. And very, very pricey. We ordered one piece of cheese cake, one glass of wine and a hot tea and the price with the cover was $80.00.Some might think it's worth the view, but you can also walk in to look around, check out the view from every direction and then find something more reasonable.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>emiao
<Content>Stay here if it's convenient A great hotel. All the previous reviews capture it. Tokyo is a large city so just be mindful of where the hotel is located vs. where you plan on spending most of your time.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Itchy2Feet
<Content>Good location, bit lacking in atmosphere Stayed 5 nights at the Grand Hyatt on a recent trip to Tokyo. It's in a good, convenient location near Roppongi Hills and we found it only a short cab ride to other places like Omote-Sando or Shibuya. We had a room on the 9th floor (no exciting view, sadly)  whilst the room had everything you could need we found it to be lacking in atmosphere. I guess perhaps that's what you expect from a chain hotel, but we really could have been in New York or Paris or whatever - would have been nice for the hotel to have had more of a Japanese feel. If I travelled again I'd probably not choose to stay here though if you're travelling on business or like chain-type hotels it's a good choice. Personally I'll be looking instead for a more boutique style hotel which feels more Japanese. Some of the hotel restaurants are good though - the new Teppanayki one is great (if expensive), and there's a jazz bar (can't remember the name) which is also worth a visit. Staff very friendly and efficient.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rippermail
<Content>Typhoons and Earthquakes...but welcome respite at the Grand Hyatt! We have just returned from 3 nights at the Grand Hyatt and couldn't have been happier with our hotel choice. We requested an early check in and a room on one of the upper floors, both of which the hotel delivered. Our room (standard room, on the 18th floor) was spacious, modern, had views across the city, and a fantastic bathroom.We did not eat at the hotel, but there are many great restaurants nearby, particularly if you get away from the main tourist strip. While in Tokyo, we also ate at one of the Iron Chef restaurants, which was an experience in itself -- fresh (still moving!!) sea urchin, turtle dumplings.....certainly not a meal we will forget in a hurry!We were actually in our room at the hotel when the earthquake hit, and while the whole structure swayed from side to side for a few minutes, the hotel staff ensured that we were kept well informed. All of the modern buildings in Tokyo are built to withstand strong earthquakes, and we felt comfortable at all times during the experience.We will definitely stay at the Grand Hyatt next time we visit Tokyo. The location is hard to beat, and the staff and rooms were great.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>roberta_nyc
<Content>So Modern! This is an amazing hotel 鈥?it took me hours to actually leave my hotel room! The Grand Hyatt is full of modern, technologically advanced details that I hadn鈥檛 seen elsewhere! I kept playing with all of the switches! The beyond flat screen TV was great, the blinds have a 100 options (semi-transparent, black, etc.) that changes with a switch on the bed鈥檚 headboard  the bathroom has a fantastic wet room! Not technology driven, but equally loved was the in-room tea bar. Amenities are superb  the staff is efficient  highly accommodating. The concierge translated my entire to-do list  addresses into Japanese for me so that I could flash my cards to the cabbies. I was there as the last leg of an extremely long journey  had all sorts of wardrobe issues. Within a few hours of checking in, they had done my laundry, dry cleaning, fixed a button  polished my boots! Room service was also fast  had lots of great options.The location in Roppongi Hills is probably convenient for most people, as there are lots of tourists around  tons of restaurants. However, I found that I had to take cabs everywhere I was interested in going. Within the complex are all sorts of businesses, such as a museum, shops  restaurants (inc. Starbucks), so this is handy if you are short of time or may have bored companions traveling with you. Hotel is pricey, but I was there on business. If I return for pleasure, I may choose to stay at Cerulean Towers instead due to price  location.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Public_Dave
<Content>Top of the Heap in Ropponggi Hills My wife and I stayed for one night on a Saturday after I had a work-related conference elsewhere in Tokyo. It was a great experience. The hotel is integrated with the Ropponggi Hills complex, which gives you lots to do for a short stay. The rooms were beautifully designed, with wonderful touches in terms of both form and function. Wonderful bathrooms with rainshowers.As one person noted, the fact that you have to pay to use the pool (but not the gym) is a little bit annoying, but really you're not going to fight about it if you are staying at the Grand Hyatt already. If I really had a gripe (and it would be incredibly hard to find) it would be that the hotel could have been better integrated into the mall where there was a clearly labeled way you could get from your room to the mall. We discovered that by going to the 6th floor, we could walk over to another elevator that would then take us down into the mall, right to L'Atelier by Robuchon, which was a delightful dining experience (and also a wonderful place to get breakfast pastries instead of going downstairs).Two thumbs up. Great experience.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>george01
<Content>Good location for restaurants, shopping and night life Stayed at the Grand Hyatt this past March. The hotel is a high rise in an area convenient to restaurants, shopping and night life. There is no central business district per-se in Tokyo. There are areas all over the city like this one, that are business centers, but not just a main one like in most cities. You can really see this, when you go next door to the hotel, where they have a mall and on top of that building an observatory/area where you can see the whole city at your feet. We had booked a room in the concierge floor and was smallish but confortable with an amazing bathroom. A gigantic open shower, with a groove for drainage in between the shower and the equally huge tub. Separate toilet that serves other purposes as well. All very interesting. Tried their subway system on a holiday and Saturday (wouldn't go on a regular work day) and it's quite an experience. People were so nice, they come and try to help you even when you don't ask, as the number of available lines and the areas they cover are overwhelming. All types of restaurants around the area, from sushi places, to TGIF, to a Brazilian (very close to the hotel, which I wouldn't recommend at all as the service stinks), and clubs. Try a typical Japanese Steak House, it's quite an experience. Once you choose your steak, which they bring to your table, they'll provide you with raw samples of the chosen steaks for your approval. Wanted to pay extra for a late check-out of the hotel ,but was allowed to stay only until 3PM (our flight out of Tokyo was at 10 PM) for a percentage of the room rate. Oh well.Good hotel, considered one of the most expensive in Tokyo by our business associates, good stay, great city.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Ski_Tourist
<Content>Almost fab Really nice hotel, but the extra costs are very disappointing. Want to swim in the hotel pool? Hefty entrance fee (maybe that's why this gorgeous pool is almost always empty). Want a drink in the bar in the evening? Hefty cover charge. Also understaffed concierge desk meant long waits for assistance at times. On the plus side the location is second to none and the staff are excellent.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>M747
<Content>If hotels could all be like this Great hotel. Almost sorry to go home. Perfect room, restaurants, service, location. I had a standard room without view on the 7th floor. Rooms was very nice, with awsome bathroom Highly recomended  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AmberLantern
<Content>One of the best hotels Ive stayed at Would have to agree with prior posters that this hotel is fantastic. Just got back from a 12 night stay and I already miss it. Although a bit pricey the rooms (especially the bathrooms) are great, very easy to get work done, and the staff is over the top nice. Lots of little touches that make the hotel stay enjoyable and being connected to the mall via the 6th floor is an added bonus.Only negatives in my book are the high priced, average restaurants. Many more cheaper and just as good restaurants that are located a short walk at Roppongi Crossing. Also was disappointed that it cost $40USD to use the pool or locker room. The gym is free and is ok for a basic workout.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>applefan
<Content>Great for business travelers The Grand Hyatt Tokyo combines everything you'd need for your business stay. It has fantastic rooms (although you could spend 10-15 minutes trying to figure out all the knobs and still don't know how to turn the lights on) and its restaurants are amazing. Its location in the Roppongi Hills complex is an added bonus to those who want the convenience of shopping and even more restaurants from which to choose. The only downside is that there is practically no view other than the office buildings next door. The gym and pool is adequate though not amazing. The staff is always very helpful and often go out of their way to help you.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tombond
<Content>Loved this Hotel We stayed at this hotel and we had the best time ever. We booked this hotel through Expedia and the address which they had given us off the web site was for another hotel.Once we arrived at this hotel the hotel was clean and all the staff very friendly. The first thing that admesdate me was the porters would park the cars. They would drive up too 2 black lines and then this wall would open up and the car would move sideways and dissapear into the wall and then dissapear on a lift to an underground car park below the hotel. The check in was fast and easy and when we arrived in the room too are amazment we had a great view of the city with blinds that would move up and down at a touch of a button.We had a great flat screen TV with a multi region DVD player which you could rent free DVD's from the hotels receptions.In the bathroom they had another smaller flat screen TV on a arm so you could swing the TV round when your sat in the bath.The hotel offers free bottles of water everynight and the maids come into your room and turn down your beds turn and put minds on your pillow.Lots of shops to walk around about 15 mins walk away.Fantasic Hotel will stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JonnyOnTheGo
<Content>The quintessential Hyatt experience I travel frequently for business and am a bit ashamed to admit that after a long journey, I often get that home-sweet-home feeling when I walk into the Hyatt. This week, the Grand Hyatt Tokyo put out the welcome mat for me.While not nearly as opulent as the Park Hyatt, the hotel's cross-town cousin glamorized in the movie Lost in Translation, the Grand Hyatt will satisfy even the most discerning traveler. The hotel staff greets you at the door, eager to relieve you of your bags and escort you to check-in Once upstairs, the rooms look familiar to those who frequent the Hyatt -- dark wood accents, a 37'' flat screen TV and a comfortble restroom with sunken tub and pulsating shower. (Gotta love when they include a loofa!) After you've been out exploring, you'll return to turndown service that's a real treat. Upon entering your room -- lights dimmed, comforter folded down, soothing sounds coming from the CD player -- you'll look forward to crawling under the sheets and lulling yourself to sleep. Other hotel highlights include: --a full service gym with a wide range of cardio equipment and weights --a friendly concierge, armed with maps of the city and the metro, as well as restaurant recommendations galore (grab some sushi off the conveyor belt on the lower level of the Metro Hat building)--easy access to Roppongi Hills, Tokyo's premiere shopping plaza--close proximity to the Roppongi metro station on the gray line Just one disappointment to report: the breakfast options at the cafe are somewhat limited and uninspired. Otherwise, treat yourself to the Grand Hyatt and enjoy all Tokyo has to offer from one of the best hotels in the city.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>always-k1-traveling
<Content>Deceptive Web Prices Booked room through their Hyatt website and was given a $$,$$$ yen price. After sur-charges, taxes, and Tokyo taxes raise that over 23% making the web price TOTALLY inaccurate. Expect the staff to kindly explain this bait and switch of the price. Too bad the location and property is beautiful, the deception really left me unhappy and feely that it is definitely not worth it. The Four Seasons and other hotels in Tokyo just as good or are better. I expected Five Star pricing but not this deception. I am burning my Hyatt Gold card after this crap.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>2	1	5	4	4	1	2	4	

<Author>rechdxs
<Content>Best overall value for luxury and location Booked online through another hotel-only online website for a deal in the mid 300s. Westerners will love being located in the Roppongi Hills mall with many top shops and restaurants that serve more than Japanese fare. The Oak Door is great for steak and much better, except for views, than the more famous New York Grill  Bar. Grand Hyatt is a shorter building than most Tokyo hotels, so don't expect an amazing view. The rooms are large with Frette Guest linens, soaking tub, rainfall shower and LCD screen in the bathroom. Very comfortable. Beats the more expensive options like the two Four Seasons and Mandarin. For less expensive, try the somewhat dated, but great value at the Park Hotel in Shiodome or for budget, try to get a room in the Claska or super budget, try the B Akasaka. The Concierge was wonderful despite mixed reviews. Money aside, I'd pick the Grand Hyatt every time.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelSnob1
<Content>Visited many of the top hotels in Tokyo I won't repeat what others have wrote so here's some new information: I visited (didnt stay) the 4 seasons maronouchi, mandarin oriental, park hyatt (stayed 1 night) and here's the deal: You cant beat the grand hyatt. I am not sure if the rooms are better at the other hotels since I didnt see them but the location and lobby of the hyatt can't be beat. It's so spacious and the MO and 4S seemed very small. It's as if the only thing on the ground floor is the front desk. The GH has many places to eat and is attached to the mall which means there are at least 30 different places to eat, amazing. I highly recommend the high end japanese restaurant on the 4th (or 6th) floor of the hotel connecting the mall (Shinbou may be the name). I had lobster sashimi which is nearly impossible to find in the US. The tail was filled with meat and was separated from the body but the lobster kept moving it's eyes and legs while on ice. Also had fugu (the real deal costs at least $200, mine US$300 for one person at kuromonto near this hotel (5 min taxi). This restaurant serves fugu 5-7 different ways so it's a good way to try different preparations (and yes, one is sashimi). It was very good but not excellent but it's the fish not the restaurant's issue. Cool front entrance, somewhat nice interior. The park hyatt has much fewer restaurants but an amazing bar that is worth visiting for a drink due to the view from the 41st floor with glass walls on 3 sides.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shanehoustonlittle
<Content>Excellent Location My room was enormous. The design was very minimal without being cheap. Hardwood Floors, Japanese soaking tub, a large comfortable bed and the mult-talented japanese toilet were all nice features that enhanced my sleep and stay. I stayed here five days because my favorite DJ was playing around the corner. I will definitely stay here again in the future. The adjoining mall had excellent stores and the hotel's and complex's restaurants will not dissapoint. The SPA is a definite world beater. I choose this hotel over the Park Hyatt due to room sizes and design and was not disappointed.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lkaran1
<Content>good not great Stayed here for 5 days in Sep '06Pros: great location - walk to everything; excellent roomscons: concierge staff did not know a lot of siteseeing information - was constantly referred to outside contacts; breakfast options nearby are limited  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>AndDeee
<Content>Perfect Stay, Perfect Hotel       Nice Bed !  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jimmy_rivers
<Content>worst. service. ever. Beautifully designed, great location, moronic staff.Having spent quite some time at the (fabulous) Park Hyatt Shinjuku, it was shocking to me just how appalling the service at the Roppongi Grand Hyatt is.Although the staff were prompt to attend calls, it seems as if they have all been lobotomised on hiring.Dreadful. Its basically a Best Western with a better interior.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	5	4	1	2	2	

<Author>sogti
<Content>They won't let you complain. I actually live in Roppongi. 10 min away from Roppongi Hills by walk. So why do I stay there? Because it's such a wonderful place and it is really a great escape.I love evrything about this hotel. Very modern. all the furniture are super nice. Bath tub is a good size. The view from the room is awesome. Once you get out of the hotel, Roppongi HIlls shopping arcade is waiting for you. Service is also top notch. Everyone is very polite and educated. My dad stays here everytime he comes to Tokyo. and thats when I get to stay there ;)  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eastmesagal
<Content>Best. Bathtub. Ever. Beautiful property. The rooms were roomy enough to easily acommadate our family of 4 (2 small kids). We had a rollaway put in the room for our 9 year old and it fit just fine and did not fill up all of the space in the room.There was a nice sized desk with high speed access.The beds were SUPER comfy.The bathrooms are amazing. The tubs are huge and very comfortable. The shower and tub are enclosed in a glass room so you can take a shower while the tub is filling up to the brim and then step right in.My big gripe was the fact that they charge a FORTY dollar fee - per person! - to access the swimming pool. They lower the fee to only fifteen dollars each for children. I thought that was outrageous considering that the room is already 400 bucks a night.The hotel is very conveniently located to shopping and the subway. Have fun looking at all of the exotic cars the the parking lot too.....see how many lamborghinis and ferrari's you can spot!  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lt17
<Content>PURE HAPPINESS! stayed in hotels all over tokyo and by far this is the best one in terms of rooms, food and location - i would highly recommend staying here either for business or leisure - def request a high floor and if you are lucky and have a clear day, you will see a beautiful view of mt. fiji - the conceirge service was amazing.........if you have any question about where to stay in tokyo just stop thinking about it and book a reservation here!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lloyd61
<Content>Modern Amenities, Great Location, Expensive Food We stayed at the Grand Hyatt Tokyo from 3/27 thru 3/31. AFter having lived in Japan for years I expected to find tiny rooms and bathrooms and cramped hallways. I was surprised to find the opposite!The hotel itself is very modern looking - almost sterile. The rooms however, were very big by Japan's standards. All rooms had flat screen TVs and more than enough room for a desk and easy chair. I would have liked a little more drawer space. The bathroom is almost as large as the sleeping room. There is a large space in front of the sinks, a seperate location for the toilet, and the shower and ofuro (or Japanese bath) are in a seperate glass enclosed space. The shower is one of those overhead rain showers. The toilets are really nice and heated with bidet and other cleaning options.If you have the capability to upgrade to the conceirege level, I recommend it. The continental breakfast is more than continental offering your basic breads and pastries, but also fresh fruit, salad, cereal, yogurts, smoked salmon and cheeses. For cocktails they offer a variety of crackers and cheeses, dips, nuts and a full bar. Considering the cost of breakfast and drinks in Tokyo, having this option saved a lot of cash and was very convenient.My one complaint is the price of the restaurants in the hotel. We had one chocolate milk and one cup of Jasmine tea at the hotel coffee shop and it cost us 2200 yen (about $19). But as long as you resign yourself to eating outside the hotel limits, there are certainly plenty of options.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MontrealUser10
<Content>Excellent for Business I have stayed at this property numerous times, and it is excellent, particularly for business. There are other hotels in Tokyo which are more glamorous (Park Hyatt), which offer better service (FS Marunouchi), or which are located smack in the business district depending on what you are doing(Okura ? Imperial ?) - but this hotel offers the best combination of all three. Roppongi Hills location is on two subway lines - Hibiya and Oedo. Short taxi ride away from other business districts (save maybe, Marunouchi). Decent shopping/movies/restaurants in the complex. Very good service and fitness facilities.Some words of advice - make sure to book a room with access to the Club floor, as this facility, with dedicated concierge service and breakfast facilities enhances the stay. Note that access to the fitness facilities with locker room is extra, unless you have Diamond Status.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SeattleRefugee
<Content>Great Hotel - minor quibbles Stayed here for 5 days. As others have noted, the service and facilities of this hotel are first rate. Regardless of time of day (or night!), the phone never rang more than twice when contacting the front desk, housekeeping, etc. They remembered to use my professional title when referring to me - not a major hang-up of mine, but a nice touch. Room service came promptly. Housekeeping answered requests promptly. Food was wonderful, as is expected at such prices. None of my requests were out of the ordinary (e.g, wake-up calls, newspaper selection, turn-down service) - but all were performed flawlessly. The location is close to several subway lines and not far from Tokyo station. The only minor quibbles I have is that their regular room is a little smaller than some of the other 5-star business hotels. Also, I got a room on a lower (8th) floor that faced inwards towards a few other closely-spaced buildings. As a result, numerous people could stare down into my room. Thus, I felt a little claustrophobic, having to keep the shades drawn for any privacy. (Due to a convention other rooms were not available.) I would suggest requesting a higher floor. Also, unlike some other business hotels, the bathrobes and slippers were truly for Japanese-size folks...although I'm of average clothes and shoe size, each was too small to comforably wear. I have also stayed the brand new Conrad (opened in mid-2005) - and would say that the rooms are a little bigger and the bathroom a little better laid out. Food and service are equal - although when I stayed there just after it opened, the staff was not as fluent in English as one would have wanted for a business hotel. The view of the Tokyo Bay and Royal Gardens - and it is not usually not difficult getting a water view room - is lovely and relaxing after a long work day. Of course, as others have alluded to, location should play a role in where one stays given the huge size of the Tokyo metropolis.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel in convenient location The hotel is polished, spotless clean and provides excellent service. It鈥檚 connected (literally) to one of the prime shopping areas in the city. It鈥檚 also close to all types of restaurants, abundant night life and the metro. It鈥檚 not cheap, but I recommend to anyone looking for a great hotel in a convenient location that is willing to pay for the amenities.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BEST CHOICE! This hotel should be #1 on the list! We changed from the WESTIN HOTEL after poor service there and we were amazed how awesome this hotel's staff was comparatively. We were treated like royalty after we told them about our other hotel experience. We stayed 8 nights here and it changed our trip for us. The location alone blows away the westin. Roppongi Hills is a beautiful area connected to the Roppongi night club distric which is not very nice but safe. I know being in Japan and suggesting an Italian restaurant seems bad but Il Mulino was near the hotel and it was excellent for an Italian break from the daily Japanese food choices. It is one of New York City's best and has a sister-location in Tokyo. The Grand Hyatt's rooms were clean , comfortable and just great all around. You cannot go wrong here.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Denveresque
<Content>I'm moving in We recently returned from 9 days at the Grand Hyatt Tokyo. When planning this trip I agonized over the Park Hyatt vs. the Grand Hyatt. My research consistently gave the Park Hyatt a slight edge, but at the very last moment the scale tipped in favor of the Grand Hyatt since their fitness center (but not their pool) was free, and from my memories of Tokyo the Grand was in a better location. We could not be happier with the selection. To all those considering the Park and the Grand Hyatts, I assure that both hotels are gorgeous and top-notch, but there is no comparison when it comes to location. If you are in Tokyo on business and expect to be escorted by local hosts and colleagues, then location may not be an issue. But for individual travelers there for pure exploration and pleasure, the Grand Hyatt wins hands down.We visited the beautiful Park Hyatt but were unimpressed by its location. The Park Hyatt is on the west side of Shinjuku where wide streets, new high-rise construction, and raised freeways abound. There is not much street life in the immediate vicinity, and although the area is clean and impressive with futuristic architecture, it also feels dwarfing, sterile and dies at night. The Shinjuku train/subway station is not particularly close if you plan on taking this kind of transportation daily to venture out and see Tokyo (although I understand the hotel provides a shuttle to the station, but that adds another step to your day). The neighborhood (if it can be called that) is purely business and government related.By contrast, the Grand Hyatt is in the very heart of what's happening. It is part of a relatively new complex called Roppongi Hills, located in the lively Roppongi area. The hotel is virtually attached to the Roppongi subway station, and is surrounded on all sides by interesting streets and alleyways to explore. In addition to the countless restaurants of all types and price ranges in the Roppongi Hills complex itself and on the main streets, the surrounding neighborhoods, especially the winding, small side streets, are teeming with all the character and charm of modern Tokyo. The small side streets are packed with residential buildings mixed in with (they must have no zoning laws) shops, neighborhood eateries, pastry shops, sake bars, night clubs, live band venues, Parisian style cafes, Italian mini-bistros, sushi restaurants, etc. All this and the electric buzz of Tokyo is right outside your door at the Grand Hyatt. Roppongi Hills also houses an art museum/gallery, a 360 degree panoramic view deck from the 54th floor of the Mori Tower building, and an upscale labyrinth of a shopping mall with interesting architectural angles, natural light, and an open, airy feel.The Grand Hyatt itself is perfection. The decor/style is minimalist chic and modern, but is far from cold and austere, with abundant rich dark wood, green granite, natural materials, and super-friendly service. The service was flawless. We used the concierge every day and never had to wait for their availability. They made prompt arrangements, followed up without our asking with additional research and recommendations, and printed customized mini maps to direct us. All staff members we encountered spoke English, and were not only attentive, gracious, and eager to please, but they were perfectionists. We joined Hyatt's Gold Passport before going, which entitled us to free coffee delivered to our room every morning (this is worth a lot, as coffee in Tokyo is expensive, but thankfully delicious). All of our room service orders, including our daily coffee, were delivered to our room at precisely the time we designated. We noticed a few times that they arrived a few seconds early and waited in the hallway until the right time before ringing the doorbell. Service was this precise every day, without fail. Japan is a no-tip country, so it's remarkable that this superlative service comes without expectation of a tip. The hotel is designed to make your spirit soar. The hallways to the guestrooms are broad, uncluttered and richly finished. You will never see housekeeping carts in these hallways. I don't think they use them. Our large room was filled with deep, rich wood, which is also carried into the bathroom. The travertine/marble encased walk-in shower is also where the deep soaking tub is located, so you can imagine the glassed-off shower/tub area of the bathroom is enormous. High ceilings are carried throughout, from the hallway outside, to the room and bathroom. They've paid exquisite attention to every detail, from the linens to the automatic shades, toiletries and travel necessities boxed and arranged in the bathroom drawer, easy and free high speed internet access, layers of lighting, bathrobes, slippers and yukatas (like a simplified cotton kimono) for your use. We were on the 19th floor so we also had wonderful views. The Grand Hyatt is a very well run and managed hotel. We aren't fans of Hyatt, and stay away from bland, corporate-behemoth hotels. This is not your run-of-the-mill Hyatt. It is pricey, but you will find far pricier and less impressive hotels in many other large cities. We've paid more for tiny, uncomfortable and view-less rooms in London, New York, Paris, and Rome, at hotels with no amenities, and occasionally unmotivated staff. The Grand Hyatt was extraordinary, and worth every cent.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>me_in_chicago
<Content>Love the Grand Hyatt!!! My husband and I went to Tokyo for the first half of our honeymoon. We had initially booked our stay at the Grand Hyatt, but after talking with some of expat friends who live there, we changed our reservations. So happy we did so!I can echo all of the previous posters' comments and say that this hotel is true luxury. The staff is amazing and will do pretty much anything for you.The pool and workout room are to die for. We spent some time there every day and loved every moment. The workout room has high-end treadmills and ellipticals (I am a runner and tend to be a bit of a snob with treadmills, and the Grand Hyatt's were perfect!). The pool is incredible and is super clean (a swimcap is required).The Grand Club Lounge was perfect for our early morning snack. They served the best oatmeal w/dried fruit, nuts, etc. The girls who worked in the Grand Club spent about an hour coordinating an overnight trip to Kyoto and tickets to the Sumo fight. We know that tipping is not the custom in Tokyo, but we felt that their exceptional service justified a sizable tip. Not only did they refuse the tip, but they were embarrassed that we offered.We highly recommend Roku Roku for sushi. It's located in the Hyatt.After checking out of the Grand hyatt, we traveled to Honolulu to stay at the Mandarin Oriental. The accomodations and service level could not even compare to the Grand Hyatt. We realize now that we have been spoiled for life after staying at the Grand Hyatt. Enjoy your stay there! We can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PilotinJapan
<Content>Perfect I travel to Tokyo very often and have stayed at a variety of hotels in the area, but none can even come close to the Grand Hyatt. Here are a few reasons why:1. Location. It's located next to the largest and most modern shopping/living complex in Tokyo, Roppongi Hills. It's a stone's throw from Shibuya, Shinjuku, the Emperor's Palace... basically, it's central location and easy access to public transportation makes it an ideal place to base out of for a weekend.2. Service. Every need is taken care of. Some examples: On New Year's Eve, my date decided she'd like to go to an exclusive Italian restaurant in Roppongi Hills. I called the restaurant but was told they were booked for the night (no surprise.) I rang up the concierge to see if they could recommend another restaurant, only for them to call back 5 minutes later to tell me they had obtained a reservation in my name in a private room at that same restaurant.I had left my cell phone charger back home, and needed to purchase a replacement halfway through my trip. I asked the concierge to tell me where I could purchase one. Instead they sent a staff member to my room with a basket full of chargers. In his hand was the exact charger I needed!After a visit, I forgot my camcorder charger in the room. On my next visit, as I was checking in, a staff member came up and returned the charger. It's the little things with this hotel.3. The rooms. Fantastic. Ultra soft duvet covers and down pillows make you want to stay in bed all day. The blackout shade turns day into night, which allows you to get uninterrupted rest after a night out on the town. The bathrooms are phenomenal. There is a 17 LCD TV that is slaved to the flat screen in the main room, so you can continue watching your TV shows in the shower. Oh, the shower! Take your pick: fill up the tub and relax, use the hand held shower massage unit or stand under the rain shower, a steady shower falling straight down from the a 16 inch flat showr head mounted directly above you on the ceiling. It's just what you need after a night out in Roppongi, Tokyo's party district (a convenient 5 minute walk from the hotel.)Things in Tokyo are expensive, and the Grand Hyatt is no exception. But you will quickly find out that the expense is well worth it.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay! It was perfect. Nice staff. I loved it!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel Great hotel and great service but you do sometimes wonder if you are in Japan at all. Excellence in pretty much all the categories; great rooms, bathrooms that are almost as big again, alert and attentive bilingual staff, nice food. It's just an excellent hotel. I was really relaxed there but my wife who is Japanese wondered where she was; we were in the French restaurant for breakfast (really excellent by the way) and the Japanese guy at the next table asked the Japanese waiter to bring him some soya sauce for his Japanese breakfst in English! She felt like she was the one who was going abroad. Still and all can't fault a truly excellent hotel.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Neighborly feel. I travel internationly, I tend to stay at HYATT hotels, when I stay at Grand Hyatt Tokyo, I feel like I am at home. Hotel staff treat me like a neighbor, they remember my name and treat me like a friend. Not to mention the rooms! That rain shower is somethimg else!! Although, they have a hard time providing me with my specific room requests....  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>n2mybox
<Content>Insult to injury... I think it's insulting to pay 450+ for a room and have to pay extra to jump in the hotel's pool. It's a nice hotel but for the cost it's nothing special. That really goes for Tokyo in general.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>3	1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RobFindlater
<Content>Fantastic! I stayed there on business for 4 nights in early June.The place was fantastic in every way.Just the right mix between quality service and facilities and not being too over the top.Rooms were large, very modern and had all the latest gadgets installed - 2 Lcd tv's, multi headed shower system, usual Japanese high tech toilets, powerful air-con system, comfortable beds.I have nothing to fault this hotel on.The location was excellent for getting around, the French Kitchen on the 2nd floor did a great competitive breakfast, service was spot on, and the gym and pool facilities on the 5th floor were very well ordered and surprisingly little used on the occasions I visited them.I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great hotel I'm just finishing my second visit to the Grand Hyatt in Roppongi Hills, Tokyo, and it is the best hotel I've ever stayed at in Tokyo. I travel here for business, and this hotel is the most accommodating and comfortable business hotel ever. The rooms are peaceful, the staff is helpful and unobtrusive, and the food and services excellent. I managed to leave my business cards at home for this trip--a horror!--but the Business Center was able to make me new ones on very short notice indeed. I recommend this hotel highly for business travel to a city which can be both exciting and intimidating. The Grand Hyatt makes Tokyo more approachable.  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ikura
<Content>great hotel if you have to stay in Roppongi I was concerned about staying in an American-owned hotel while in Japan - I wanted to experience Japan, after all. However, the Grand Hyatt definitely has a Japanese aesthetic, with beautiful lighting, and spare, clean design. The bathroom is huge, with a flat-screen tv and shower area the size of a small kitchen. The bed was very comfortable. Service was excellent and in English. Location is right off of a subway stop. There's not much in the area besides new shops and bars that cater to Westerners - I would have preferred a neighborhood with more character. But if you must (or want to) stay in Roppongi, the Grand Hyatt is the way to go.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>thaotravel
<Content>Fantastic in Every Way!   showReview(3353154, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yoritomo
<Content>Almost Perfect   showReview(3352786, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NoneNixNada
<Content>Absolutely Perfect   showReview(3337817, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Navigator10
<Content>The best American style luxury hotel in Tokyo   showReview(3265020, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel in Tokyo   showReview(3205747, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a place like home   showReview(3168555, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MB747
<Content>Good but...   showReview(3090116, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tartan69
<Content>Truly the best place to stay   showReview(3009925, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Trust me - the best in Tokyo   showReview(2873539, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Hotel in Tokyo !   showReview(2489026, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eskacci
<Content>鍏ㄤ綋鐨勩伀銈广偪銈ゃ儶銉冦偡銉ャ仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(23071095, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>honhonTBK
<Content>銉儙銉堛兗銉炽伄閮ㄥ眿   showReview(23006339, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>pursit
<Content>Great International Hotel   showReview(22158946, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>tikurin
<Content>楂樼礆銉涖儐銉仾銇伀銆佽钵涔忋亸銇曘亜銇ㄣ亾銈嶃亴閫嗐伀鏂伴   showReview(21867937, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	1	1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儵銉栥儠銉偄   showReview(22855247, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>銇裤亾銇忋倱
<Content>蹇冨湴銈堛亜閮ㄥ眿   showReview(21198433, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ClaraJun
<Content>銇伀銈堛倞銈傘儹銈便兗銈枫儳銉炽亴渚垮埄锛?#x201d;       big bathroom!!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>銈枫儯銉嶃儷
<Content>銇婇ⅷ鍛傘亴澶х悊鐭筹紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(20663142, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>锝忥綇锝旓絹锝?> 锝忥綇锝旓絹锝?</a> </div>
<Content>鏅壊銇?#x201d;   showReview(19954325, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Blaue_Fee
<Content>Designhotel in toller Lage   showReview(18633023, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇娿仐銈冦倢銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19171826, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傝壇銇勶紒鏈€楂樸仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19170174, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Normanm
<Content>Super hotel, mais......   showReview(11207643, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	4	4	5	

