<Author>lmnToronto_Canada
<Content>Decent Place, Decent Price This hotel is in an EXCELLENT location on Belt Line. There are so many restaurants to choose from, and all within a short drive or walk. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful, and although the room itself could have used a wee facelift, overall it was clean, and acceptable.The only disappointment was the continental breakfast which I thought lacked freshness (bread and fruit wise), but otherwise was edible.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StickSister
<Content>La Quinta Addison Quite a Deal  Our weekend stay at La Quinta Addison was a pleasant surprise. Many hotels in the area are advertised as dog friendly, but this one truly is. We also got a great deal by getting reservations through the call center. So for the money and with no required fee for our 2 small dogs, we enjoyed our stay in the center of restaurants galore. The room was large enough with a satisfactory bathroom. The beds (double) were quite comfortable. The single king rooms may have a small refrigerator and microwave. Dorothy at the front desk was very friendly and took care of any questions and billing concerns very efficiently. There is a shuttle to the Galleria and areas within a 5 mile radius which is nice since you don't have to find a parking spot. The only negative is that the carpet wasn't very clean in our room and the shower curtain wouldn't hang right but since we had dogs, didn't complain about the carpet. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fjnovak1
<Content>Very nice Stayed here one night in February 2008...great beds, large, spacious room, and the breakfast was one of the best i've ever experienced at this class of hotel - sausage, eggs, it was great. This La Quinta is centrally located yet off the main street, so its quieter. Pretty good price too considering the location, amenities, etc. Would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>billnict
<Content>Reserved non-smoking but that's not what we got! We were needing a hotel room for one night to break up our trip down to Galveston for Spring Break with my wife and two teenagers. We had stayed in this hotel a couple of times before because it was a nice property, there's plenty of places to eat in the area, and their weekend price was definitely right..The first thing that didn't give us a warm fuzzy was the warning posted at the front desk by the local police department referring to the rash of cars break-in's that had been occurring in the area. I made sure we got everything valuable out of the car and parked it under a light in the parking lot.The big problem was we had reserved a non-smoking room and when we checked in I made a point of asking the clerk if our room was non-smoking and he said YES. When we got to the room it was apparent that the room had been smoked in at one time but it didn't really smell bad so we stayed. Early the next morning it became apparent that we were indeed on the smoking floor when someone in the adjoining room lit up and the smoke seeped under the door. Walking down the floor we could smell smoke so we knew we were on the smoking floor. We packed up really fast, ate breakfast, checked out and got the heck outta there!On my way out I walked on a different floor and saw that there was a sign by each of the room numbers on that floor indicating that it was a non-smoking room. Our room did not have the sign so that verified it. The thing that really bothers me is the clerk at the front desk lied to my face. It is unfortunate; we liked that hotel but we won't be going back.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>1	4	1	4	1	1	3	-1	

<Author>travelingwoman72
<Content>Great!! This is one of the nicest La Quintas around. Although a little hard tofind, it was worth the trouble. Nice area of town close to lots of resturants and shopping. The hotel was very nice and clean. The continental breakfast on Saturday morning had sausage, eggs and was well stocked. Breakfast on Sunday morning was not as good, but still had plenty of items to choose from. As for some of the other reviews commenting on the airplane noise, I think that my family and I only heard one or two planes fly over. Not enough to lower my review. The bathroom was clean...the non-skid stuff on the bottom of the tub is a little worn and looks a little shabby, but no problems. My only concern was the doors were a little thin. You could hear people talking in the hall ways, and I am sure they could hear us talking in the rooms as well. Beds were nice and comfy. Front desk was very helpful with any needs we had. I would certainly stay here again!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>larichhall
<Content>Very pet friendly We had to go to Dallas on a last minute business trip and after searching for hours to find a pet-friendly hotel, we settled on the LaQuinta. Most hotels in Dallas wanted a $75-$150 NON-REFUNDABLE deposit. Not only did they accept all 3 of my welsh corgis, they didn't require a pet fee or deposit. We were also very impressed with the hotel location, (close to many good restaurants, plus the Galleria), cleanliness and comfort of the King Suite.The staff was very courteous and friendly, and the breakfast was average: cereal, toast, bagels, juice, waffles, yogurt, coffee, etc.Only thing negative was the aiplanes. However, I didn't find them too bothersome, and slept very well. We will definately stay here again!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Randarmax
<Content>Bring the Lunesta! Okay, but not great. Okay- Hate to be a debbie downer here, but how this location gets such a high rating with airplanes flying over every 15 minutes is beyond me. I chose this location specifically based on TripAdvisor reviews. After all- I'm a member and reviewer. But surely I am not the only person to stay at this location that was unable to tune out the aircraft landing at Addison Airport up until midnight. My room was on an outside wall on the North side.Yes, the hotel is in a fairly safe area of Dallas, but there are some things you can trust my review for- mainly noise from thin wall construction. I asked if I could move my room but like most La Quinta personnel, I was forced to listen to the ol' Well we're saving this room for, and that room is in a different price range, and...so on. So I blew it off and went back to my room thinking surely the planes will stop sooner or later. Yeah right. The last plane I heard was around 12:30 a.m. and then I think I finally fell asleep due to exhaustion- ha. But if you can handle the buzzing of planes then read on. Here were a few other things I noticed. They extra door latch was very loose. One screw almost all the way out. So much for that extra protection even if someone had a working card key. There is also about a 1.5 inch gap at the bottom of the doors. You guessed it. More noise due to no door sweeps. Everyone walking down the corridor shared their conversation with me. I finally had to put a bath towel in the space, God forbid I need to get out during an emergency. The TV quality was just okay, fuzzy and blurry cable I suppose, but the sets looked old. Probably the worst surprise at this la quinta (and I've stayed at quite a few) was the cleanliness of the bathroom. The tub was pretty din-gey, is that how you say it? How about just plain old dirty like a shower stall at an athletic club. Yes- I took pictures and I'll post 'em if anybody REALLY wants to see them. Then the air vent in the bathroom was just filthy dirty with thick dust collected all over it. Looked like it hadn't been cleaned since the hotel opened probably. Uh, that would be never,... cleaned.So what was worth 2 stars? The breakfast of course. And the location was good. Look, maybe I just got a bad room- especially given all the other glowing reviews. But who can ignore the airplane noise. The girl at the front desk said- that the sound was not as bad on the second floor. ha ha. Yeah like I believe that. Oh well. I don't like planes I guess- unless I'm flying in them. Something to keep in mind when considering this La Quinta. Oh- and one last thing. The CEO was nice enough to invite me to fill out a survey through an email he sent- or his marketing machine sent- because I checked out a day early. Too bad the survey link would never open the web page to which I was supposed to respond. Just as well they can read my review here.I used to love La Quinta. Been a returns member since the early 90s. Loved the little cassette tapes they used to send out with stories on them and humor. But nothing stays the same I suppose. Maybe the real lesson here is to have 2 or 3 hotels in mind- show up and hang out in the lobby or your room for 15 minutes- long enough to identify if there are going to be any annoyances like aircraft or forgetful folks trying to force their way into your room- yes that happened at this location too. ha ha.Pretty hotel. Below average satisfaction.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>Raptortx1
<Content>Nice Place and Location Stayed with a group at the hotel for two nights. Great location for entertainment and restaurants. The only downside is the property is on the flightline for Addision Airport and the planes can sometimes be loud. We liked the layout of the room the courtyard. The breakfast was good, but basic.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>lhargrave85
<Content>Great hotel! Stayed at La Quinta Inn and Suites Dallas-Addison for 2 nights this past weekend and was very pleasantly surprised. Check-in and out was fast and easy. There are several entrances, so we were able to park right in front of our rooms' window and it was short walk to the exit. The rooms were spacious and beds very comfortable, but small. The bathroom was bright and spacious as well and even with 4 of us showering each morning, never had an issue with running out of hot water. Nice desk and high speed internet connection for laptop. Housekeeping was rather slow and we had to call the front desk twice on Saturday to get them to our room to remove the trash and dirty towels and give us clean ones. They finally came around 5:00pm. Both nights we were there, there were several younger children that ran up and down our hallway pretty late at night being extremely loud, but to no fault of the hotel. The continental breakfast was decent having fruit, bagels, muffins, pastries, yogurt, hard boiled eggs, toast, juice and waffles. The only drawback to this is the dining area is very small, so we had to take our food back to our room as there was no where to sit. Didn't use the pool, but we did take a look and it was decent sized and appeared clean. Very nice courtyard area too. Would have liked to have a safe in the room to store valuables, but for the price, that was okay. Close to tons of eating establishments and shopping. The Galleria Mall was only about 5 minutes away and easy to get to. The average rate for the 2 double bed room we had was $119, but I was able to book on Travelocity and got excellent rates of $49 a night. Well worth the price. The entire hotel seemed very well kept and new and staff was friendly.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>living&learnin
<Content>Great Value- Pleasant accomodations Good looks for low price and worth your time to try out this hotel. Located near the Dallas North Tollway and Beltline in far north Dallas, this is not your average LaQuinta-- it is much better. The staff is laid back but curteous. A shuttle van is available if requested ahead of time. The breakfast is plain, but better than many cheap hotels. The hotel serves people internationally so expect to see a variety of people, styles of clothing, and ages.What you see in the hotel's pictures is what you will see when you arrive. The hotel looks new which means it has good upkeep. The hotel primarily serves business people who work in the huge office buildings around it. When you are in the hotel, you feel as if you are in the countryside. There is a very large indoor couryard which has a gazebo and real tables if you want to side outside to eat or converse. The pool is decent in size. I did not swim in it but one of the guests complained of too much chlorine. The fitness center is small, but has something for everyone and a TV inside. The laundry room has 2 washers and 2 dryers and current cost $1.50 to wash. Soap costs $1.00.Now for the room. My room looked new, but had a serious dent in the door, the toilet flushed loud and hard (but it flushed) and the white underblanket on my bed had a sticky stain on it like gum or caramel. Since I was alone, I moved to the other bed which was clean. I found a small stain in the mostly white bathroom which should have been noticeable and cleaned. The bathtub, also white did not look clean at first then I noticed that the nonslip surface had worn off leaving dark marks. Everything in the room looked new. The heating and air system was great because it was controlled by a digital thermostat that I could control very specifically. The desk was serviceable with enough room for a laptop and books.The beds were my worry. They turned out just fine. The beds are firm with a mattress top. I awoke refreshened.The design of the room was pleasantly different. The rooms are small, but the design makes the most of the space so I did not feel cramped. A family or group would have plenty of space.This is the largest LaQuinta I have ever stayed it. It has over 300 rooms. The lobby is super large so if someone wants to stay up and talk at night, they can.The atmosmere is a mixture of business, family, and friends. The galleria mall is a short drive away-- very short.The hotel only serves breakfast, but they have established room service with restaurants to deliver from about 11am to about 10pm. I chose to book online after looking over the various offers put together by Trip Advisor. The going rate for the room is $119. I suggest calling the hotel to see what rate that they offer, then go from there to see if the online offered a better deal. The first night, the online service had the best deal but said there were no other rooms available after that. I talked to the hotel staff the next day and they said they had rooms available but the online service charged more than the hotel offered me. The hotel has a lot of rooms available so try to negotiate for the best rate. They need to fill their rooms and you are the one to fill them.The previous reviews from Trip Advisor helped me pick this hotel and I was not disappointed. Thanks Trip Advisor for being there. I have been using Trip Advisor for years and this is the first time I have thanked the company for its continued service to the consumer.What I did not like? I would like to see more maintenence repair on damaged areas like the doors to the room, stains on blankets and bathrooms, and repairs to damaged surfaces in the elevator. I would like to see a business center which surprisingly the hotel has zero. The hotel had wireless internet for its business customers which I liked. Also there were no shower caps in the rooms. Being on the 3rd floor, traveling downstairs to get the showercap was an inconvenience. The beds are small. The pillows are nice and fluffy, but small.I recommend this hotel for everyone.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	3	3	4	4	2	

<Author>Pinball_Traveller
<Content>Good location for food and drinks The best thing about this hotel is the location. There is a good selection of bars, restaurants and shops within 5 minutes walk.The hotel itself has friendly desk staff who phoned the room shortly after check-in to make sure evrything was OK which was a nice touch.Room was clean and comfortable with a good work area and a useful storage closet to put bags. There was no safe though, and nothing to secure a laptop to despite much searching.There are several swipe-card entrances to the hotel meaning you can park your car outside your room and still get into the hotel easily.Breakfast was OK but the only hot food was DIY waffles unless you used the microwave provided to heat up the hotdog rolls which seem to be impossible to get just right - either scalding or frozen. The breakfast is served in the lobby area which is light and airy.Recommendations to eat/drink: Thai Orchid just down the road has nice food, BJ's(!) brewpub across the main road has good beer but rather uninteresting and tedious food.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	-1	3	

<Author>Rico3201
<Content>Why stay someoplace else? I stayed at this hotel for two nights with my wife and young daughter, for a family vacation.I had not stayed at a La Quinta in awhile and had to book this hotel at the last minute. I now think I need to stay at La Quintas as often as possible, if the experience is this nice! It is economical as well, in my opinion.One negative: the hotel is in the flight path of a small airport, possibly serving corporate jets. The noise of jets taking off or landing overhead was pretty loud, and sometimes in the middle of the night.Positives: the room was very big... lots of room for three people to move around. The hotel seems pretty new and fresh, very clean. The breakfast is another reason to recommend this place, especially if traveling with a family. My wife enjoyed bagels and fruit, my daughter and I enjoyed making and eating the Texas shaped waffles. There is an attractive center courtyard area with a pool and hot tub, although it was too cool to swim on this trip.The area around the hotel is exceptional. Lots of fine shopping (including the Galleria) and many, many nice restaurants. You are very close to Loop 635 and the Dallas North Tollway so getting anywhere else in the city is not a problem.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sjd74
<Content>Good hotel in a good location We spent a week in Dallas in Nov '06 to catch a couple of Cowboys games.The location was perfect for both travelling and dining, with over 100 restaurants within half a mile on Beltline RoadThe hotel itself is comfortable, but facilities basic, and the breakfast was plentiful.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to Dallas from out of town.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>faithrx
<Content>Loved the hotel!! The rooms are clean and up to date!! I have stayed here several times and keep coming back because the price is good and the rooms are just great!!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bon point de chute 脿 Dallas   showReview(11455786, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert....   showReview(11348491, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

