<Author>scupernong
<Content>Give This One a Second Thought Despite the Rates!! I booked this hotel for the Sugar Bowl game. It looked very reasonable and the website was impressive enough; plus I thought it was in a good enough location without all of the noise of the French Quarter. Let me just tell you it was one disaster from another here:To start, we couldn't check in until 4pm; OK, fine....they held our luggage for us. BUT, when we could check in, it took us over an hour to get checked in with all of the Sugar Bowl fans staying at this property! The reason given was because everyone from the previous night checked out late, however, I was told that a strict check out time for ME was 10 am the next day. We had to end up cancelling our dinner reservations because we waited an hour and a half to complete this madness; I was very disappointed as this was to Muriel's in New Orleans at Jackson Square that I really wanted to try.Finally, we get into our room. I noticed that some other Trip Advisor members remarked that the rooms were small, but I was willing to overlook it. Yes, the room(or the one we had) was small, but I cannot tell you how wretched the stench was in this room....think wet dog, dirty feet, and mildew all rolled into one. I brought a candle with me and darnit if the wick hadn't burned all the way down and we were powerless to the stench. Thank Goodness we were gone most of the night.When we get back at midnight after the festivities (we couldn't relax at the Club Car Lounge because.....there is no Club Car Lounge; the hotel website talks about this non existent lounge)there was no remote for the television, there was no hot water for a shower, the sink fixture fell off so we couldn't use it, there were no blankets, and last but not least there were pubic hairs in the bed! I am not kidding. This of course makes me question if they change the sheets. I called the front desk and I made a point to be as diplomatic as possible and told the clerk about all of this, and I was basically told that there were no more remotes or blankets and that there was nothing that could be done about the sink or the hot water and housekeeping wouldn't be back to change the sheets until the next day.....HELLO?? What good is that going to do? The attendant couldn't have cared less by the tone in her voice. I still paid $180.00 for one night at this hotel and these were very big issues!Needless to say, we were out of there by 7am. I stopped at the front desk and told the young lady how unhappy I was about all of this and she just sat there staring at me with a look of are you done yet? She had no words and was cutting her eyes at me. I guess the management thinks that if they can just get a small percentage of New Orleans visitors to stay here just once they will make their margins. I would never stay here again even if it were free, if you are interested in a hotel nearby on Camp Street, because I DO like the location, I would suggest the International House Hotel, it is beautiful, fresh, and this is where we came for drinks and tapas before going back to our room from hell.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>rkandsk
<Content>New Years in New Orleans This hotel was fabulous!! We went with a group of six for New Years and were pleasantly surprised with the beautiful accommodtions in such a dirty city. The room was large enough to put an air mattress on the floor for the third couple that roomed with us. Very clean and nicely decorated in the old New Orleans french style. Despite the chaos of check in at 6:00 pm the night of New Years, the staff was very helpful in recommending the best bars and restaurants. Our request for extra towels was answered in less than 5 minutes which is amazing considering the tons of people checking in at the time. The hotel offers valet parking ($30) but the streets of new orleans were so packed we couldn't make our way back to the front of the hotel so we chose the parking deck across the street a couple buildings down. ($20 until 6 the next morn, then another $20 after..valet would have been a better deal but we were just ready to park)Location was great! within walking distance to bourbon street, harrah's casino, the river, the french quarter. New Orleans: this was our first time in the city (we have only passed through before) so we really didn't know what to expect, especially 3 years post Katrina. The feeling in this city is electric...the mix of beautiful architecture, amazing music and great food is everything you've heard about. The streets are dirty though and there is a continual odd smell no matter where you go. I would suggest wearing comfortable, closed toe shoes (boots would be best). This is not the place to show off your new 4 inch high Pradas. The cobblestone streets add to the ambiance but make for difficult walking. The biggest mistake we made was arriving so late, especially before a big night (New years). We got stuck on I-10 for an hour just inside the city limits at 6 o'clock rush hour. Food: Hot dog stands all over downtown are a good place for quick eats ($5 a dog). Sit down eating of any kind is a little pricy. We couldn't find anywhere for less than about $15 a person. We ate at Ralph and Cuckoos (not quite sure exact address but near the river a few blocks over from Bourbon st). The etouffe was the best I've ever had and crab/crawfish stuffed bell peppers and baked potatoes were also favorites at our table. New Years: Can't say I remember much of this ;-). The music was awesome...anything you want to hear is available: rock, blues, jazz, 80's favorites. We stepped foot on Bourbon street at about 8pm which was a good time because many bars were not charging covers at this point. We were able to walk in and out of several places, enjoying a couple of songs at each before cover charges set in at about 10-11 pm ($10-$20) at each bar. We stayed most of night at the Crazy Corner which played great cover hits from Bon Jovi to Poisen. All in all...New Orleans is a fun city but stay on the main streets (Bourbon/Canal) when partying. Leave exploring for the daytime and feel free to ask the local police for places to eat and directions. They were very helpful and do a great job in such a wild city.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LouisianaFireball
<Content>Nice Hotel Nice hotel to stay while on a girls getaway. Located just outside the French Quarter. It was a clean hotel, nicely decorated, however the rooms and bathrooms are a bit small, so if your traveling with 4-5 women you may want a larger room. It was about a 10 minute walk from the Quarter, which is not bad, but it was a bit scary at 2 in the morning. Quaint bar. For the great rate they charge it is worth staying.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>TheTravelingTaxman
<Content>Awesome location, descent hotel Just got back from a stay at the Queen  Crescent with eight friends where we went to see a Saints game.The location of the hotel is terrific, easy walk to and from the French Quarter and the Superdome. Perfect for a boys trip with late nights...The rooms were small but decent and the bathrooms were below average. The bed was quite comfortable. Furnishings were by no means new, but everything was clean and orderly.At a price around 100$ per night it's hard to ask for more and will do nicely in a city where you don't spend a lot of time in your hotel anyway.If you're looking to be pampered in a luxury resort, this is not for you. If you're looking for a clean, functional place with easy access to Nawlins' attractions, you could do a lot worse than the Q C.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>tmlwin
<Content>Good for the price The hotel is good for the price. The room was somewhat run down but clean. It was very small. Not even an armchair in the standard room. I got a room on the top floor, and I couldn't get wireless internet signal. But that wasn't a big deal for me, but I didn't like that they charged the mandatory resort fee.Also, they tried to charge me much more than what my reservation says. Make sure you know how much you have to pay, before you show up. And the rate went down after I made the reservation.The bottom line is that I didn't have a particularly good or bad stay. It was cheaper than other hotels in the area, so I'd stay here if budget is an issue. Otherwise I'll stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>4-everontheway
<Content>"Queen and Crescent - N.O." makes Motel 6 look like a 5 star resort!!!"!! Nothing about their on line advertising is true except for the location. There is no bar in the lobby, the rooms don't have brick walls. The rooms are dingy and in serious need of cleaning and updating. The staff is not courteous. Made a reservation for multiple couples, on the hotel website. They told us they overbooked, did not get requested rooms, we got stuck in small rooms in their second building. Even though we had confirmed reservations. The lite continental breakfast was just that. Coffee, oranges, and muffins are all that is on the menu. If you arrived at 7:00 am you might get a muffin an orange and some coffee. If you arrived much after seven for you breakfast, all that was left was an orange. If you ask the staff for more, I am sorry, that is all that we have!!!!! They took the resort fee off of our bill as compensation for their many shortcomings. There should be no resort fee, there are no amenities at this hotel. It needs to be downgraded to a motel. It definitely does not deserve any stars!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	2	3	

<Author>Beoncia
<Content>Not very helpful staff My husband and I stayed at the Q and C for Mardi Gras in 2007. The room was very nice, though small. The staff never seemed that helpful. We were lucky and found an off-street parking space without a meter and took our chances with a ticket versus paying the inflated rates for parking through the hotel. It worked, so we only had to pay one night in the parking garage and our car was fine and never ticketed. Overall, our stay was great and we liked the hotel. Fast forward to present day. We wanted to return to Mardi Gras in 2009 so we called the hotel directly (for some reason, the hotel is listed as booked on all the major travel websites, but staff told me that there were plenty of rooms available) to check rates. The manager, George, and I had a 15 minute conversation about Mardi Gras and he quoted me a rate of $139/night. (It should be noted that he initially told me a higher price, but as we talked he lowered the price.) I told him that I'd finalize the remainder of our travel plans and call back ASAP to book the room. I called back two days later and I was quoted a price of $229/night. I informed the clerk that the manager had quoted me a much lower price, so she retrieved him. When he answered my inquiry, he quoted me $179. He then immediately changed the price to $169. I reminded him of our conversation 2 days prior and the quote of $139 (as I surely don't expect him to remember every conversation he has with everyone throughout the day) but he flat out refused to honor the price he had originally quoted me. His explanation was that the business was supply and demand and that they must have had a big group book or something though when I specifically asked about room availablity, he told me that they had plenty of rooms left (i.e. the excuse of several rooms being booked therefore driving up the price on the remaining rooms is BS). Despite several minutes of logical and reasonable reasons as to why a hotel's room price does not change magically in a 2 day time frame (especially when it's for a special event like Mardi Gras in which hotel prices are set), he flat out refused to honor the price. Even though his price is lower than others in the area, I will not book this hotel no matter how many times we return to New Orleans. If you can't trust the hotel's manager on price quotes over the phone, what else will they lie to you about later?  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>HHank
<Content>Not such a good deal after all Never coming back again. Promised a King room, none were available when we checked in at noon or would be later. Reservations does not tell us that information. Sorry. Open/used shampoo/conditioner in bathroom. Not even an I'm sorry, just Come to the desk as if we are inconveniencing them. seperate fee for internet, but they forgot to give us username/password, and again it seemed to bother them that we called to ask. Room is worn -- light bulbs out. Sounded like a good deal when we booked. Won't do it again.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	3	2	1	2	1	

<Author>cyndy815
<Content>Did not care for the rooms but great location. We got a great rate at the last minute through hotels.com. This hotel looks great from the outside but the rooms are very small and need a lot of work. The window sill had mildew on it, the curtains were dirty, the towels were very thin and wrinkled and the room just did not seem very clean. We were promised free valet parking on the website but when we checked in we were told the parking lot was full but that there was a pay-to-park lot on the corner...which turned out to be cheaper than most hotel parking lots ($15.00/24 hours) but it was out on the street. On the up side, the location of this hotel is great! It is within walking distance of many restaurants and the French Quarter.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>KarenGH
<Content>Great hotel, nice location, but charges resort fee I booked my son to stay 2 nights in July 2008 at the Queen and Crescent, booked through Travelocity and prepaid. We were surprised to find on arrival that there is a mandatory extra $6.95 resort fee charged that was not revealed until check-in. Otherwise very nice place and good location; only a few blocks to the French Quarter and to the WW2 Museum (little known but worth a visit). Room clean and comfortable but morning showers were only warm, not hot (even at 5am). And other guests' loud conversations could be heard through the walls. Still it was good value for the money paid.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>ChicagoTraveler2008
<Content>GREAT Hotel for CHEAP!!! I'm AMAZED by all the negative reviews for this hotel. I have stayed here twice. The Queen  Crescent was one of the many hotels I stayed at while traveling across the country for a month. I have seen many hotels with horrific conditions. I stayed at the Queen and Crescent for 3 days at a super discount rate that I found on their site. I was in New Orleans for a week and stayed at another one of their hotels at the beginning of my visit. I have to agree with the previous reviews that certain employees aren't overly friendly BUT they do say please and thank you. Personally I'm not there for the employees, I'm there for a great deal and a NICE room. I asked for a top floor with daylight. in the MAIN building. My room was located on the 12th floor with windows over looking Poydras street. LOTS OF DAYLIGHT. The room, wasn't huge, but it had 2 double beds and nice furnishings. The newer bathroom was very clean and had a retro looking medicine cabinet. I have stayed in many hotels and this by far was the nicest for the price. Summer is off season, so prices are a steal. I have stayed in other hotels in New Orleans during season and they were extremely expensive. On a previous visit I was put in the 2nd building (which is located across the alley), which has no character BUT it was very clean with nice furntiure and bedding. They def keep up with maintenance. If you check in at a reasonable time, you will get a nice room. As with any hotel, they give out the nicer rooms first. I recommend asking for a top floor. ***TWO downsides, my wireless only worked near the door to my room and as I said before some of the employees aren't friendly. On non holiday weekends you can park for free on the street a few blocks away. It'll save you the $20 valet fee.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	2	3	

<Author>Conventioneer90
<Content>This Hotel is LITERALLY a Steal Although this charming old hotel is available at a fantastic rate, our credit card has been charged THREE TIMES since our return ... for an amount totalling more than 400% the price of our stay!!! We have paid for this bargain hotel in credit card disputes, cancelled cards, headaches and tears. Save yourself a lot of time, heartache and money by paying a little more for your accommodations in New Orleans.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aliciarr28
<Content>Small Rooms but Loved the Atmsophere of the Q  I loved the ambiance of the Queen and Crescent. Unfortunally, we were there over Spring Break for our 6rh Anniversary and were given a room with only 1 double size bed. That troubled me and they said they couldn't change us to another room because they were completely booked that weekend. We could have checked out of our room the next day and waited for another room, but that would have been more trouble than it was worth. We liked the overall style of hotel which has antique looking furniture. It is in a GREAT location as well. WE never had to take the street car or a taxi. We walked everywhere. I must also add that the Queen and Crescent is much better than the Holiday Inn French Quarter where we stayed the previous year. THe Q  C was a great value for the money. We paid $69. per night and $15 a night for parking and a $6.95 per night amentity fee (which discounted our parking from $30. per night to $15.) Great place to stay and I also noticed a lot of families with children there so I may bring mine and go back to the Q  C!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Z00ey
<Content>Not a great experience! My family and I will never stay in this hotel again! The rooms are so tiny that you have to climb over each other to maneauver around (maybe good for a single or newly married couple). The bathroom had no shelving for toiletries, everything had to be stored on the floor. The vending machine (only source of beverages) was never fully stocked. In it's favour I will say the staff were friendly but not as responsive as they could have been - the alarm clock in the room next door which was unoccupied went off every morning at 7am and kept ringing until around 9am - we would call the front desk and ask for someone to please switch it off, they assured us they would, but never did. Overall we were very dissatisfied - the hotel is very inexpensive but in retrospect I should have thrown in a few more dollars and stayed elsewhere. In fact, we cut our vacation short by one day and returned home.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beatrice12
<Content>A pretty good experience--but only stay here if you get a deal My husband and I stayed here for 5 days at the beginning of April. Here's a brief synopsis of the pros and cons.The Pros:-Fantastic location(within 2 blocks of the French Quarter) and convenient to the Central Business District. -Safe neighborhood (I was alone the first two nights and felt absolutely safe walking from there to the Quarter and back)-Free coffee and danishes in the lobby in the morning -Computer and printer in the lobby (free printing)-Clean room, timely maid service, front desk staff was friendly-Reasonable rate ($59/night)--I see the average rate on Trip Advisor is $178 per night! There's no way that anyone should pay even close to that for this place! I wouldn't pay more than $80 or $90 at the absolute most. The Cons:-Room was kind of small and had no natural light. There were two windows but were made out of this really thick opaque frosted glass--I had no idea what the weather was like outside or what time of day it was when I was in the room. Also, I thought my room was small until I saw the room of the woman next to me. It was literally 1/2 the size. I also had a pretty good size bathroom (compared to what previous reviewers have mentioned). One reviewer who said she stays here a lot also mentioned that the rooms are pretty hit or miss and given the other reviews that seems to be true. -'Resort fee' of $6.95 per day and the internet connection in my room was basically non existent (I had to keep going to the lobby to get online). I complained on the last day and the front desk took it off my bill--I literally could not use it; it was that bad. -Gym was lame. But I wasn't expecting much because it's a small boutique hotel (so not really that big of a deal). All in all, I would recommend it mainly for the location and the price, but don't stay here unless you get a deal. Also, maybe ask to see the room first (to make sure that it's not the size of a box and that the wireless connection actually works!)  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>NEOhioCouple
<Content>Great bargain and fantastic location! Definitely stay again. The price and location of this hotel can't be beat! If the hotel fixed a few little things we would definitely rate them as excellent. They stick to the check-in time very strictly. Our room was not ready when we got to town (granted, we arrived before check in time) so they took our luggage and said give them about an hour. We went to Harrah's and lunch and came back. Room still wasn't ready so we waited in the lobby to let them know we were ready NOW to get to our room. We reserved a room with 2 queen beds so we could have a little larger room, but settled for a king because it was available first. The room was very nice and clean. They have SERIOUS hot water issues though. We only got a hot shower 1 out of 3 days we were there. The other times varied from down right freezing...as in get wet, turn the water off and lather up, then turn it back on to rinse and get the heck out because it's like ice water (especially in the afternoon when housekeeping is doing laundry and early in the morning when all the guests are trying to get a shower) to lukewarm. The drain in the shower didn't work so well either. Towels are sparse so make sure you hang it up and be prepared to use it again. We had to call housekeeping to come clean one day or they weren't going to come. One day our bedlinen looked like it had a blood stain on it...ICK!!!! The lounge/bar is non-existant so don't plan on getting a drink at the hotel. With Bourbon Street a few blocks away why would you want to drink in a hotel bar anyway??? Make sure to go to the little dinner down the street with the RC cola sign for a killer breakfast...still can taste the egg  cheese biscuit! The deli next door has an awesome mufaletta sandwich too. Make sure when you walk out of the lobby you turn RIGHT on Camp St. We made the mistake of going left the first day and ended up in a not so nice part of town and right in front of the homeless shelter. We were in walking distance of everything and were glad we didn't rent a car. It would have been more of a hindrance than a help.We definitely recommend Q  C Hotel!! Donald Trump is building right next to it though..hope they don't knock down this quaint little hotel for it! :(  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Jefferson17
<Content>Great location. Good price and decent room. This was my 3rd trip to New Orleans. The other trips were pre-Katrina though. It seems that this city may forever be defined by what it was before and after. And I must say that the city is very cognizant of this. We booked a one week trip for NOLA for my girlfriend's spring break (she's a teacher0. I booked the hotel via Hotels.com, after reading many of the reviews, good and bad. But I figured that every hotel is bound to have a few bad ones, and that any hotel that is 4+ with so many reviews must be pretty good, except perhaps a few bad rooms here and there. We certainly got a great rate. We paid $56 per night plus tax ($8), plus resort fee $6.95 ($71 per night total). The resort fee includes all local and LD calls plus Internet, and is mandatory but I knew this up front so - which includes local/long distance phone and Internet. Internet is pretty quick except during weekend, when there are people doing p2p downloads. Please note that I rate the hotel as 5 stars in relationship to price for quality. The hotel itself is 3.5 out of 5. What we really liked: - LOCATION. Excellent location just 2 blocks West of Canal. Easy walking distance to pretty much everything we wanted downtown and the french quarter. It's also within a short walk to the trolley line that will take you to the the garden district, the zoo, and uptown.  - VALUE. To anyone that felt the place was deficient, it's not - in relationship to the cost. If I really wanted a place that's nicer, I could have spent $99 plus tax, etc and stayed at the Courtyard Marriott. The room was perfectly adequate. A nice king-sized bed and a view of downtown - you can't quite really see the river unfortunately as there are enough tall buildings to block it, but ah well - we weren't there to sit in the room and look out the windows anyway. We requested a high floor when we arrived (well before our 4pm check-in) and they gave us a room on the 12th floor when we checked in later. The only real criticism that we did have is that the shower stall is on the small side. Don't expect to have an amorous encounter in it. THINGS Close or worth doing - Aquarium w/ Imax - The entire French Quarter - Jackson Square - original art like Thu-Sun.  - Trolley to uptown, garden district, zoo - Convention center (if you are in town for one) - Music - Frenchman street - just East of the quarter - also lots of stuff happening on Bourbon,  especially in the afternoon right on the street.  - Swamp tour w/ Cajun Encounters. Bring a jacket -  it can get chilly when they run those engines. - New Orleans School of Cooking. Excellent value. For $27 per person you will have a terrific time - 10am-1pm and get lunch, with terrific story-telling. We had Michael,  and he's a very engaging speaker. Best gumbo.  Excellent jambalaya. Superb bread pudding. PLACES TO EAT: Mothers is a very short walk away. Go there once at least. Their gumbo is really nice. And they have killer po-boys, especially the one's with ham and debris (the roast beef that fell of the roast).Acme Oyster House (Iberville Street) - raw $10 dozen, char-grilled $15 dozen - etouffee - roast beef po-boyFelix Oyster House (Iberville Street).  - char-grilled $15 dozen. Mmmmmmm.Bayona's (430 Dauphine). BEST food I've ever had in New Orleans. Make reservations. Expect to spend about $100 for two, with 1-2 drinks each. The only dish that wasn't amazing was the cream of garlic soup, which was merely good. Get the sweetbreads and be astonished. The sweet potato brioche (bread rolls) were fantastic. Cafe Du Mond (1 block East of Jackson Square). $1.89 for 3 beignets. Used to be like $1 for 3. But they are GOOD - worth going one time during your trip.Coop's Place, Decateur - east side of quarter. Excellent food at decent prices. More of a local than a tourist place. Best jambalaya in town. I'd skip the gumbo as it's merely good - everything else there is really good to excellent.Central Grocery (923 Decateur). Home to the Muffuletta. Mmmmm. Also great place to get Cajun Chef Green Hot Sauce and other things.Oceana.Grill (Conti St.). Ribs, Blackened Catfish. Praline Connection (Frenchman St). Good food and reasonable. More of a local place. Great peach cobbler (really peach bread pudding) and bread pudding. Sweet potato pie merely adequate. We saw actor John C. Reilly here with his family. I was chatting with the owner later on, and asked if they got many celebrities there - he replied, some. As far as he's concerned, that our business means just as much to them, and he thanked us for coming by and hoped to see us again. AVOID - Oak Alley Plantation tour via Cajun Encounters. Expensive at $45 per person. The bus driver, Adam, was late, didn't apologize for it, was IMPOSSIBLE to understand (no he was NOT cajun - he was a foreigner - from somewhere in latin america). And we had asked to be dropped off at the trolley line on the way back and he said ok but instead brought us to our hotel. This was the only time the whole trip that we did NOT tip. He earned it! All of us on the trip totally agreed that this trip was a bust. The drive was long and uninteresting since we couldn't understand what the driver was saying. And we felt totally rushed at the plantation. If you actually have a car - ok fine - go there - it's only $15 per person and you can spend all the time you want. The grounds are beautiful - but do NOT do a tour of it. Restaurants that I'd skip: Rio Mar and Arnauds. They are good but for the same money you can do better (see Bayona's). Food was pretty good at Arnaud's but service was definitely off the evening we were there. Part of the legacy of post-Katrina. A lot of places are having trouble finding and keeping good help.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>N&JSeattle
<Content>Great location and great value This hotel is conveniently located within walking distance to Harrahs Casino and the French Quarter. I would definitely stay there again and would never prefer to have been closer to the center of the French Quarter due to the noise. One caveat however, is to avoid the 8th floor of the second building because its got the HVAC right above and it is loud when it kicks on.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>rclifford1
<Content>The shower is a closet We booked through the hotel for March 10th and 11th, 2008 at the 311 concet rate. The parking rate was SUPPOSED to be $20 and the resort fee $5.95. Upon check-in we were told the rates had been increased to $26 for valet and $6.95 for the resort. When we told the lady it was supposed to be $20 and who we talked to during the reservation, all she said was George was gone for the day and he made a mistake. Later on we went down with an emailed copy of the reservation and it was then adjusted accordingly. The bathub in the room was the size of a very small closet and the shower itself had very little water pressure. The phone jack was sticking out of the wall with exposed wires, and only one of the two elevators was operating. If someone tried to use the stairwell an alarm went of when the doors opened. After the 311 concert ended the hotel lobby was packed with only elevator working on a night of the hotel being sold out. The stairs were only accessible starting on the second floor which could only be reached by the elevator or an outside stairwell. They wouldn't open up the stairwell claiming it was a fire hazard. We had set a wake up call which was 30 minutes late and all they had said was they were too busy to call. The continental breakfast was coffee and donuts, but they never provided lids for the coffee. The customer service completely sucked and if I had treated the guests at the hotels I have worked for, my job would be on the line. The only positive aspect were the bellman and valet.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	1	1	3	

<Author>Daisy38
<Content>Only Stay Here If You Get a Bargain I travel to New Orleans several days a week for work. I have stayed at the Queen and Crescent so many times I have lost count. Here's what I've learned:Some rooms are much better than others. Problems in some rooms: completely wet carpet throughout, holes in walls, missing curtains, missing paintings, missing washclothes, missing alarm clocks, and a non-working phone. However, the staff overall are helpful and will switch rooms for you if you ask.The rooms have always been VERY clean. I like that it's an older hotel and feels more substantial than the cookie cutter newer discount chains.The location is good in the CBD. I would walk around Poydras at night but not all the way to the French Quarter. The staff told some women the other night that it was safe but I don't think so. During the day it's fine.This is the kind of place that for a downtown hotel - less than $100 is a good price. I would not/have not paid $100/night for this hotel (there are too many nicer places to stay).Since the rooms are hit or miss, I just stay here when I'm going to New Orleans for work by myself. When I go for a romantic getaway I stay somewhere nicer that's consisistent - Le Pavilion, the Monteleone, and The Ritz Carlton.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>2	5	2	4	5	4	3	1	

<Author>pgbears
<Content>Good times at the Queen and Crescent No problems at all. When you read the reviews, you have to use them as a guideline. Every hotel is going to have a bad review time to time. I read all the reviews for this hotel like I do each time I visit a city. Even though their was some bad reviews, I took a chance on the Queen and Crescent and came away throughly impressed. Staff was great, location was great, and PRICE was extremely GREAT. Room and bathroom was clean and we had good view from the 9th floor. The boutique atmosphere and decor was a nice touch. My girlfriend and I was here Feb 08 2days for the Michael Buble concert. Location was 15 mins away from everything you would want to do in Downtown New Orleans. The walk to the Convention Center for the concert was 15 mins but coming back it felt like 2 days due to the cold and very windy weather. Besides being ideal, location was also safe. Not one moment did we feel unsafe when out and about on Bourbon St or walking to to the Riverfront. I would recommend this hotel and Queen and Crescent will be our first choice when visiting the N.O.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WanderingGI
<Content>Great first trip to NOLA Outstanding location, fine hotel. My wife, 9-year-old son and I stayed one night at the QC prior to our cruise to Mexico. We arrived in NO around noon. The lobby was clean and bright with a small bar near the doorway and glass front of the hotel. The line was short and we were greeted pleasantly and quickly. Our room was not ready so we left our luggage in the storage room in the lobby and walked towards the French Quarter. The location was the best part of the Hotel. We were only one block from Canal Street and close to the waterfront. We walked the French Quarter and had dinner at Landry's (great seafood) and returned to our room. The room was cozy for three but not overly crowded. The window looked across an alley to the second tower of the QC. The beds were comfortable and the room was quiet. The rates were absolutely great for this quality and location. We will stay at the QC again if we return to NOLA.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>turkishgolds
<Content>great value, great locaction, no major problems A great deal at only $55 + resort fee so close to the quarter. I walked to/from this hotel at all times of the day/night by myself, and didn't feel uncomfortable even for a second. Make sure to check out the local breakfast/lunch place on Camp St, a block towards canal that's only marked with a broken RC Cola sign. I went there every day for the most delicious breakfast sandwhiches ever. My only complaint would be the size of the room and the lack of a functional window. To be clear, my room technically did have a window, but it just looked out into a tiny chimney-like thing, and it didn't bring any light into the room at all. I couldn't tell the weather, and I couldn't tell what time of day it was. There might as well have been no window. The hidden positive aspect to this was that it made it possible to sleep-in, hungover until the afternoon without having to be bothered by natural daylight. Your mileage my vary .....I would stay here again, but I'd make sure to request a room with a window. Also, my room didn't come with an alarm clock, but Walgreens was only a few blocks away and I picked one up for $8.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>NanNanDaphne
<Content>Loved the Q My husbad and I were in NOLA on Feb8-10 and stayed at QC hotel. We have stayed here before a couple of years ago (pre-K)and like it very much at that time also. I cannot say enough good things about the hotel. Spotless, nice bedding and linens. We are very picky about our accomodations and I can tell you we were very pleased with this Hotel. The staff :excellent, helpful and accomodating.Thanks QC for a great room for our visit.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kitten4762
<Content>Very Very Nice       Night time view out of my 10th floor window at Queen and Crescent Hotel  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>MichiganFloyd
<Content>Heck of a deal Stayed at the hotel the week before Fat Tuesday, paying only $55 per night plus the $6.95/night resort fee. The beds were comfortable, the room quiet, and the service fine. The French Quarter, Riverwalk, and Convention center, were all less than a 30 minute walk away.The room itself was a bit run down, with a picture missing from the wall, some holes in one of the curtains, and the TV had somewhat of a fuzzy picture. But as I spent most of the day at the convention center and most of the evenings seeing the sights, I didn't care.Bottom line, if you want a comfortable, convenient, clean and quiet hotel room at a quarter of the price of the Lowes or the W (2 blocks away), I recommend this place.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Schluh
<Content>Surprise...BEDBUGS!!!!!!!! Stayed for the Sugarbowl. From the beginning there where some major problems. Requested a double with a sleeper couch and got a single. They couldn't change us that night but finally did the next night due to being sold out. So they brought us a blow up bed that had a leak and didn't stay inflated. Biggest problem was our uninvited guests in the room. Bedbugs. Bet you didn't know that you can see them. You can and we did in this hotel. The hotels solution was to give us new linens that we had to put on ourselves since housekeeping was gone...if they even have anyone in housekeeping! Had it been any other weekend we would have left but there where no alternatives. Never offered a discount since we booked through a discount website...told us to take it up with the website!!!! BEDBUGS. There are hundreds of hotels in New Orleans. Pick any other one but this one. Unless you are an entomologist and like sleeping with bugs.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>kpgadawg
<Content>Great location, decent service. I spent two nights at the Queen and Crescent for New Year's Eve and the Sugar Bowl (Go Dawgs!) I am generally not a very fussy traveler, although I feel like I have pretty high standards. I must say that the room at the Queen and Crescent was clean and comfortable. The staff was friendly, especially the bartender and the gentleman who helped us get our luggage up to the room.The room was small, but I tend to expect that when I stay at a historic hotel. The beds were nice and soft, but have removable down toppers if you prefer a firmer mattress. My only complaints about the room were that the TV was ridiculously small (especially for watching football New Years Day after an evening out on Bourbon Street) and the bathroom was pretty cramped.Service was pretty quick, except for parking, which is to expected since there is no garage and the cars for valet parking have to be parked around the corner. We had a dirty shower curtain, and once we notified the front desk, it was gone quickly.The location of this hotel is fantastic. Three blocks to the French Quarter, and a five minute walk to the Superdome. If I'm ever back in New Orleans, I will definitely look into this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>hoopjnky
<Content>Nice decor but hoped for more The Queen and Crescent is an old railroad office converted to a boutique hotel. I would probably rate it as a 2 or 2-1/2 star property.The staff was friendly and the rates were low. This was the real selling point for the establishment. The rooms weren't spacious but the decor was very nice, the beds comfy and the things were relatively clean. There was a water leak and a perpetual puddle in front of the bathroom door, but as long as I wore shoes it was OK.The internet is supposed to be free but I was never able to get a signal from a free carrier. I gave in and paid for my connection. There is supposed to be a continental breakfast as well, and there were sweet rolls and coffee on one of the three mornings I was there.I had prepaid the room but there was a resort fee charged - they don't tell you about it when you book through a third party agency. And I had to postpone my trip for two days do to illness, but because I had not done so a week in advance I essentially paid for the nights I was not there. To their credit, the cancellation policy was clearly stated when I made the reservation.It was a great rate and the location is also excellent. I visit New Orleans often and have made it a point to try many hotels. I am not a terribly fussy traveler and found the Queen and Crescent acceptable. But I doubt that I will book there again unless they have another ridicualously cheap rate to draw me in.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	4	3	3	4	2	

<Author>chext57
<Content>Great Hotel for the price We stayed at the Q  C boutique hotel after a reccomendation of our Daughter's. We were in New Orleans for a weekend getaway for my wife and me .We were very happy overall. We got a price of 69.00 by calling their 800 number,not the front desk,they just refer you to call central resv. This hotel is a Clarion hotel.You need to bargain down as much as possible to leave room for all the other charges they tack on. Of course ,so do all the others.Thanks to this website,I knew that the 5.95 amenities fee ( per day )allowed you to also get valet parking for half price. It was a good thing because the desk clerk tried to charge me 30.00 per night until I told her I was informed,at which time she cut the price in half without batting an eye. The room was nicely furnished ,though small. Plenty big enough for the two of us. We had a King bed on which we slept very well. Our room was in a quiet location and we did not hear any noise from the street,we were back a little in an alley.Great location ,3 short blocks to Canal street and just two blocks down to Decatur ,where we spent a lot of time. We would stay here again .  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>CountryHooter
<Content>Dreadful Big Easy Hotel Our friends got married in NOLA and this was a hotel that was recommended by them. Upon check-in, our two, double bed room was not available. (There were 3 adults and we were ASSURED since we booked with the hotel directly, that we would have double beds.) Instead, they gave us a full size bed, handicap room that could not fit a roll-away bed nor a wheelchair. Tiny - the armoire doubled as the hanging closet AND18 television entertainment center. Needless to say, the third person in our party had to book a room at another hotel. The front-desk staff was unknowledgeable and could not explain what their resort fee included. We knew what it included because we had looked at their website. It is supposed to include a complimentary continental breakfast, discounted valet parking and wi-fi internet access. The front desk clerk argued with me and stated she knew nuthin' 'bout that. Also, there was a mix-up at the front desk with wedding gift bags. We were given another wedding party's gift bags andtried to return them twice at which both times were told those were our bags. Finally, persistance paid off and the front desk clerk actually read the names on the bags.As for the bathroom, the shower had rust all over the handicap rails and pieces of the ceiling were falling into the tub. There were two towels in the bathroom and no wash clothes. When we asked housekeepingif we could have one more towel and wash clothes, we were told we needed to ask the front desk. We called down to the front desk and told them we needed towels. 20 minutes later, my husband had to go down to the front desk, wait in line while they checked people in and request our towels.Repeatedly, we asked for a manager and were told there was no one there who could help us and we could try on Monday. (this was on the weekend) For $199 per night, $30 per night parking, and their resort fee, I expected a decent hotel. What a disappointment. The ONLY thing I likedabout this hotel was it was conveniently located - close to the church, reception hall and French Quarter.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>schylersmom
<Content>Queen and Crescent is a great hotel!!! This is the first review that I have written, but reading all of these helped me make my decision, and it was a great one! The very low price of this hotel, considering it's location, had me a bit worried. But I must say, it was well worth the money, and actually way underpriced if you ask me, but don't tell them! The furnishings were beautiful! The rooms were very clean. One review said they were small, and ours was, but some of my friends rooms were not. But only used it to sleep, so that was not a problem at all. The beds were very comfortable and the water pressure in our bathroom was just fine. Some of the other reviews stated it was poor, but ours was OK! The housekeepers did fail to leave towels one day, but when we requested more, they were very obliging.All in all, I was very please with this hotel and would definately recommend it to my friends (already have) and would stay there again.I loved it!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pappas
<Content>Nice stay at queen and crescent Stayed at the queen and crescent for three nights 10/14/07. This was a very nice stay. I stayed with my mom who is 76 years old and she did great. Breakfast was just coffee and danish but didnt expect more. Mothers is just around back and has an amazing home cooked breakfast. Room had two queen beds and small bath. Room was clean beds were nice, mattress very soft but overall clean and convenient. You can walk to bourbon street, french market, Harrahs casino, the riverwalk and all attractions. You cannot beat the price and the accomadations. The bad would be there are limited parking spaces with valet and there is no early reservation but if they are out of spaces you can park across the street in the garage, it cost $5.00 more but the hotel gave us the difference for the first night and than a space opened up. The front desk girls do not go out of there way to be nice or helpful but the gentlemen that work the door are amazingly nice and helpful. This hotel is not full service it is self service but you are in New Orleans and most of your time is in the quarter and fulled with entertainment. This is a very safe area never felt unsafe at all. I dont think this would be the summer spot, because there is no pool or extra amenities. But great for a few day stay or long weekend.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>huskertravelers
<Content>Queen and Crescent was great for our family Our family of 6 stayed 2 nights in August. We had 2 rooms next to each other equally nice. Our teen agers appreciated the the comfort as much as we did. The beds were very comfortable and the rooms very clean. The staff was very friendly and professional. The fruit and toast in the morning was not much but included in the hotel price. The hotel is within easy walking distance to Bourbon street and the River walk. Yes they do tack on some annoying fees and it brings the price up. And we never used those extra amenities. But at a base price of $50.00 per night and after adding the fees and parking you have to pay it still was a fair price for the location and comfort. We parked across the street in the garage and did not use the valet parking. That way we could come and go without paying for a tip on top of the parking fees. Over all I would say it was one of the better deals in N.O. to stay at. Definitely a nice experience!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lpfled
<Content>Great location, character and service We booked 3 rooms at this hotel, and all of them were clean, updated and had nice decor. The beds were comfortable pillowtops with fluffy comfortors and plenty of pillows. The staff was very courteous, informative and helpful. We didn't try the bar or breakfast since there are wonderful cafes and diners within a couple blocks (try Momma's, it's the best ham I've ever tasted and they move people through very quickly). The only complaints we had is one room had slow shower flow, and the walls were thin between adjoining rooms. Never heard anyone else. I will definitely stay here again!BTW, read the fine print. The parking is $15-30 (we had 50% off), and there's a $5.95/per day resort fee added when you check out. We knew before we went, but it would be easy to overlook.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Chickapeed
<Content>Great Hotel...Hidden Fees We purchased a 1 night stay (10/11/2007) at the Queen and Crescent Hotel and we made the purchase directly over the phone. The price was $55.00 per night and it seemed too good to be true. When we got to the hotel it was very nice and in a great location. The hotel is in walking distance from the French Quarter in New Orleans. It is clean, quiet and beautiful inside. The surprise was the extra fee we had to pay for valet parking ($15 + tip) and amenities ($6.99). Amenities included unlimited internet, long distance, cable, etc. None of which we actually used while at the hotel. The person who checked us in said that the amenity fee did not apply since we booked the room over the phone. She was mistaken and we still had to pay the fee when we checked out in the morning. It was also difficult to find a place to park in front of the hotel to unload the suitcases and get the valet parking. We had to circle the block 5 times before a space opened up...granted, it was 5:00 pm on Thursday. Once we got a spot, the valet was out with another car and we had to wait a short time for him to return. In the morning they provided coffee and danishes in the lobby. All in all it was a good experience. The extra fees were just unexpected. With tax 1 night at the hotel was about $85. With the extra fees the hotel was the same price as many of the other area hotels that told you the entire price upfront. It was still a deal for the location.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mc623
<Content>hotel is just ok and good price       Non smoking room with Queen bed  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Nictore
<Content>Nice and Quaint but will choose different next time Just got back from 3 nights here over Labor day weekend. Stayed in the second building across the street room 316, at first glance the hotel is cute and quaint with nice decorations. The beds are just like a heavenly bed and are very comfortable, although the rooms are small the decor is what makes them. The downfalls we found were, the bar in the main lobby was not open at all, we were told they lost their liquor license by the girl at the front desk, which would have been no big deal but there are no vending machines for sodas or snacks in either building, you actually have to walk down the street to get a soda from a vending machine in a parking lot. Also, the front desk will not make change foe the machine or to buy stamps in the lobby which takes all quarters. House keeping was efficent except for the fact that they took at the bath towels everyday and never came back with any new ones, we thought maybe the first day she forgot but it happend every other day after that. My husband luckily found the supply closet and got his own every night around 9:00 pm as we figured we would never see any if we didn't help ourselves. There is a coffee maker in the room which was a plus! It is close to the french quarter, canal street and harrah's casino which made it easy to walk around and explore and not get lost. There is a starbucks around the corner in the Sheraton if you are a morning person and want coffee. The city itself is full of life and wonderful food and music, if you get a chance try the muffaletta at La Buyou on Burbon, but watch out the hurricanes will cost you a whopping $10.00 a piece there! Overall it was a nice trip but next time I will choose a hotel that did have a little bit more. This was a good value for the money though, just make sure you bring your own soda, water, ect...  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>lawomass
<Content>Will go back The hotel is nice and very cheap, the location was great you are close to Bourbon Street and the Riverwalk as well as Harrah's Casino. The room was a bit on the small side. If you ever need to drive your car anywhere plan on waiting awhile to get your car, we had to pay $15/day for valet parking and it took them about 20 to 30 minutes just to get your car. And also the parking fee is not included in your total price, you have to pay for that at check-out which we didn't know because they don't tell you that. The bar that's located in the hotel is very nice but on the expensive side. But overall it was great and i will go back.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sublimebrad
<Content>LOVED this hotel!! I booked this hotel a fee weeks in advance for a wedding in New Orleans. I had stayed at the old Clarion on Canal St. before which had recently changed names. I thought I would try this one and see how it was. I got a good rate through the choicehotels website.Parking was $20 a day but its downtown New Orleans so you gotta do it. Tip though, park at Harrahs parking deck for 24 hrs for free if you gamble.The room was kinda small but very nice. Had a decent view of Poydras St. The bathroom was very classy. The bed was amazing, I went and bought a new mattress because of this bed!The hotel staff was very friendly and greeted me by name each time I came and went. I spent an hour at the bar one night when it was storming outside and she was very fun to talk to. Although Im not a stranger to New Orleans she was very informative on things in the city I was not aware of.The location is pretty good depending on what youre looking for. Its about 5 blocks from the French Quarter and probably another 5-6 to the river. Maybe 7 or 8 to the superdome.I would love to stay at this hotel again but I havent been able to get a decent rate since this stay. It usually books pretty fast as well.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>goldelox76
<Content>Good Value My husband and I stayed at the Queen  Crescent for a few days at the end of May. I was a little apprehensive after reading some of the reviews and before arriving, prepared ourselves for the worse. Thankfully the hotel was better than I had expected. The people at the front desk (w/ the exception of 1) were extremely pleasant and helpful. It's an older hotel and doesn't have a lot of the amenities other hotels do (restaurant/ pool/ etc) but its within perfect walking distance to the French Quarter and the riverfront, making it accesible to a lot of our favorite destinations. Besides, its right around the corner from Mothers restaurant which I highly recommend for breakfast! The rooms do need some updating but for the amount of time we actually spent in them, it wasn't that big of a deal. If you don't want to spend a fortune on a hotel but still want to be close to the action and spirit of New Orleans then I highly recommend the Queen  Crescent.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Jetsetter67
<Content>We recommend it!!!!!! We found the Hotel VERY nice! After reading all the reviews, I took a chance and booked the Hotel. For the price, it couldn't be beat!!! The room was small, But very nicely decorated. We had no view, but we didn't care! And yes the bathroom may be small also, but we didn't care! Water pressure was low, but we didn't care! So yes there was some negatives, but a positve was; the bed was very comfortable, and our room was very quiet! We were very satisfied overall!! We were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go. Got a cab in no time when we wanted one. The staff was very nice! Ok, I agree, the fee they make you pay was crap, we didn't even use the phone. But no matter what, we still thought for the money, it was a great deal!!!!! We would stay here again, without hesitation!!!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bronco7
<Content>$30 cup of coffee Great location, nice rooms, quiet. BUT, they have a cheesy resort fee which covers such things as in-room coffee, hairdryer and safe. The safe didn't work, I have my own hair dryer, and use the little coffee maker one time in 5 days, making it a $30 cup of coffee. Really, these are the most basic amenities and if they can't cover the costs of providing them, they should do away with them rather than nickel and diming their customers.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	4	3	3	2	1	

<Author>sunni85
<Content>What service? What luxury? I have stayed at this hotel a few times, the only reason for coming back was because it is so affordable. The location I have to admit is great, but it stops there. There is no free breakfast.They do not have any food whatsoever. The last stay I woke up to find ants in the bed.....that was pretty disgusting. In addition to the ants I had to wait over an hour to use the shower. There were problems with the hot water. My significant other called 3 times to the front desk to ask where the maintenance person was. the lighting is horrible, and the view even worse. If you are a young college student with not much money to spend and you could care less about quality or food, then this is the place for you. Other than that I would not recommend for a family to stay or for a romantic get-away. Upon check out I mentioned the ants and the only solution was to take the occupancy tax off....that's it....no apology. I think they saved me $7...thanks guys!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>1	5	1	5	-1	1	2	1	

<Author>weatherguru76
<Content>Adequate and affordable After reading several negative comments after booking a room, I was concerned when I arrived. It's not the ultimate in luxury, but I was pleasantly surprised when I had an overall good experience. I had a king-size bed in the annex building. Though no one on staff is stationed inside, the revolving door is locked after-hours and the building is only accessible with a room key through a nearby entrance. My room had adequate space for me and my significant other and was clean. Everything was in place, intact and working. Air conditioning was perfectly cold and the TV was like new with a clear picture. The bed was VERY comfortable. The hotel is within perfect walking distance from business destinations and the French Quarter. The price was certainly right for the convenience of location. Only thumbs-down were: limited free parking (spent $20/day in a nearby garage and only a few roadside spaces available), lackluster supply of towels and washcloths (no fresh washcloths and too few towels were left for one of the days), and virtually no outside view (two narrow windows masked with a plastic covering). Bedsheets could be a little softer, too. Overall good experience and value, and will definitely consider staying again.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>HIngram
<Content>Great for a budget traveler Arrived around 10 PM on a Saturday night. Opted to not use their parking after reading reviews that you could find street parking. This was not a problem at all. We ended up parking right by the hotel for free. We had a room in the annex building next door. It was okay. If I was spending a lot of time in the room, I would not have been happy but we just really needed a place to sleep and bathe. The room was clean, but when we arrived to the room there was a rollaway in the middle of the room and an ironing board was set up. The room was small had one queen bed which is all we needed. A towel rack in the bathroom was broken and on the floor and the hairdryer was missing. These were reported to the front desk but nothing was done. For resort fee didn't bother us b/c we knew about it up front, however, we booked two days and each day had a different rate and the clerk tried to charge us both days at the higher rate. Good thing I had brought my confirmation page with me that showed the appropriate rates. I think Clarion is not putting any money into this hotel as it is probably going to be torn down. There was a big sign on the side of the building that a Trump hotel is going to be going up either on this spot or next door. In all, if you are on a budget and just need a clean place to sleep that is close to the sights, this is a great place. I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>Deputydot
<Content>Quiet Boutique Hotel We stayed in the annex of this hotel which has a separate but secure entrance. The hotel itself is older, as are most in NO; but, it was obviously totally refurbished and has all new furnishings. It is was known as a boutique hotel. Its about 5 blocks to Bourbon St and another 2 more to Decatur. The weather was great, so the walk was okay. They have no restaurant or breakfast facilities. Most restaurants are about 2 blocks away.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>traveler678
<Content>Stay away! Beware! The Queen and Crescent touts itself as a boutique hotel. This is a marketing ploy! Instead it is an old run down hotel and poor customer service. When I checked in they gave me a queen size room in the building across the street. To my dismay, the room did not have any windows! I called the front desk to request a different room and no one picked up the phone. So I walked back to the front desk, waited about 10 minutes for someone to return and eventually got a different room. While this room had a window, it (like the majority of the rooms with windows) looked out onto the rooftop mechanical system of the building next door. The room was small (European small), smelled musty, the carpet was stained and paint was peeling. I set the air conditioning as low as it could go yet it remained warm and stuffy during my stay (and this was mild weather in March). Noise carried through the building. You could hear anytime someone flushed a toilet or took a shower. If you are a light sleeper, you don stand a chance. Like other reviewers, I had a bathmat on the first night. Never saw it again. The room had an ironing board but no iron. After asking, they delivered me one. Unfortunately, it was old and rusty and stained my white shirt.The usiness center?was a PC with a broken printer housed in the same room (or closet) as a vending machine. Out of 2 elevators, only 1 was working. So it took about 10 minutes on average to get down to the lobby.During my stay, I received a Fed Ex package at the front desk. While the staff signed for it, no one bothered me to inform me.They tacked on a daily mandatory esort fee?of $6.95 that they don tell you about until you arrive. Seems to me if it is mandatory, they should just include it in the quoted price of the room. Can you say bait and switch?After the 1st night I tried desperately to get another hotel in the area. Unfortunately, everything was booked due to a convention in town.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Mytravelreview68
<Content>Nightmare "hotel" in the Big Easy I had used and sent clients to the Queen and Crescent about 4-5 years ago. Beware there are 2 buildings- 1 is the hotel and the other is apartments with no security no lobby nothing at all. Well, 4-5 years ago the hotel was very nice, upscale and fully staffed-no details missed. What a change. I travel to NOLA frequently and am very used to how hotels are there. I am not a complainer but this time here s what happened-I had no idea there was a 2nd building.-Other clients were very marginal looking, messy, eating doritos and overall disgusting looking crowd.-I was sent to the other building which is not a hotel.-There is no security at all-you re on your own-I was given 2 cards to swipe in the front door of the other building. Bottom line, neither worked, got locked out 20 minutes as there was a totally shabby group of rude clients and two rude people at the desk. Finally I stepped in and got two new cards which worked-The other building was quiet and eery. Didn t see anyone at allduring my 2 night stay.-There is no cleaning service to speak of, a lady came in the room a 6 pm to make the bed and change towels.-Room was small and the bed took up half of it-So, if you go to the internet, the pictures you see of the hotel are not representative, and misleading-Cheap furniture, cheap looking crowd, no staff at all, bathroom was small and disgusting. Bottom line if you go in the regular hotel building, good but beware of the people a shabby group of partier types not clean at all. If you get sent to the other building again no security no staff nothing your on your own. I m going to stand up and use my travel insurance on this one, I will pursue this as until they get a staff, clean up their act, stop selling rooms to a cheap crowd; until they get security in there, this place is a nighmare. I travel the world and have never written such a review and know New Orleans before and after the storm-worst hotel you could imagine. Poorly run, the two employees are rude, and just pray you don t get the second building. Not for families, not for business travelers.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>chrisvnardmore
<Content>great for the 5 hours we were there! We drove from Dallas to stay at this hotel the friday before Mardi gras. Got in about 12 am. Checken in and headed out. The room was a nice corner room, had a safe clean bathroom. Got back about 6am, slept until 11 am checkout went downstairs, checked our bags (7) in a matter of minutes. Left them all day while we went to parades. The hotel is a few blocks over from the routes but still close. We parked at the airport and cabbed in since we didn't want to worry about the moving the car. Room was clean, kind of small and there was free computer for internet access in the lobby so the resort fee was worth it since I transferred money, booked a room for the next night and got to check my email. Lobby was nice there was a bar but not opened while we were there. Would stay there again especially for the $89 a night price we payed the weekend before Mardi Gras.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MikahDog
<Content>Great Hotel If You Get A Good Price We've stayed at the Queen  Crescent on two different occasions: once in the Fall of 2006 and once in January 2007.On both occasions we chose the hotel based on its location and cheap price (approx $80/night).During our first stay we stayed in the main building in a very small room that was clean and very pretty. We had no complaints that trip (however, I was a little annoyed just like other travelers about the resort fee  internet booking fee... but I've quickly learned the resort fee is becoming very popular in other NOLA hotels too...).During our second trip we stayed in the secondary building and was not nearly as happy. The room was even smaller than the first time we stayed  I didn't feel very safe in the secondary building. Also, their valet company had quit so we had to park our car ourselves (they told us to park it in the garage across the street but we found a street spot for free...). I would stay a the QC again as long as it continues to have cheap rates but I would request a room in the main building and be aware of any additional fees.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>deegack
<Content>Nickle and Dimes you to Death My husband and I booked a last minute trip to NOLA as a pre-valentines gift. We chose this hotel because it was close to Bourbon and the parade route. When we arrived, we figured we wouldn't be able to check in, but the front desk person was pretty rude about it. We asked to store our luggage and after 15 minutes of searching for a key that worked in the storage room. After we finally put our stuff in storage we went out to enjoy the city for a bit. We were told we could get into our room at 3 (which is pretty standard) when we arrived at 3:30, the woman at the front desk told us check-in wasn't until 4. After telling her that we were told earlier in the day that we could check in at 3, she agreed to check us into a queen room instead of a king room. We just wanted to get into a room so we agreed even though we were not offered any compensation for the lower class room. The room was clean, although it had a slight smoke smell even though it was a nonsmoking room, however it was very small. The bed took up more than half the room. The bathroom was small, but had some mold problems as well as peeling paint. We were given only 1 washcloth and 3 towels. The next day after the room was cleaned, the washcloth was not returned and the bathmat disappeared. There was a few other issues one elevator broke with a person inside and was not fixed that weekend, there was only one computer in the business center, and the one vending machine did not work. When we went to check out we looked at the bill there was a $6.95 per day charge for resort fees (the fitness center and wireless and phone service). There is no way to opt out of this charge (so just put it in the hotel price!!). In addition, we were assessed a $2.95 internet booking fee! Give me a break!! I was waiting for the clean towel fee next.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nola_girl76
<Content>Good value and location for off season You can't beat the Queen  Crescent for location, it's so close to everything downtown and the French Quarter. Parking is tricky in the area. Being from New Orleans, I know where to look for street parking, and would never pay the exorbitant rate to park in the hotel garage. I would however feel bad for those who don't want to drive around in circles and thus have no other choice! When I arrived at the hotel there was one person behind the front desk and he was a bit swamped. Some people in front of me were requesting a different room 'cause theirs was too small. I did not have that experience! My room was really big, in fact. I was also put in the main building. Maybe I got a little better treatment due to my local ID and my patience. Anyway, the staff was really friendly. The room was clean and the bedding in particular was very good. I booked on priceline for 45 a night which is unbeatable! You can't even stay in a motel 6 for that peice anymore, and this was a nice room. the only problems I had were: 1. I put a do not disturb sign on the door but they knocked anyway; 2. the toilet backed up (but they fixed it within an hour, still it was pretty nasty) and 3. the other charges I was presented with upon checkout, a fee for the gym and internet and safe i beleive (none of which I used.) I think the fee was $5 per day or something and I didnt see it coming, so that was annoying. Overall though, I think this place is a good value and great location, and definitely better quality rooms and cleaner and quieter than some of the other downtown hotels such as the Ambassador or the Amerihost. I'd stay there again for that price!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChicagoJeffrey
<Content>Great Stay at the Q        Q  C (both buildings)  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>baxterbluffington
<Content>I Loved It! Although the hotel is older (as evidenced by the peeling wallpaper and the ripped carpeting), it was so comfortable.It's within walking distance of everything in the French Quarter butnot noisy like the hotels right on Bourbon or Canal.The best part about this hotel are the beds. Down topper and comforter. So comfortable!Overall, very clean feeling. Nice towels. Crisp television. Safe area.I have to agree with previous poster that the additional charges at check-in (for amenities I didn't even use) temporarily enraged me. But, once I got into the bed, I was a happy camper.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>budmanMobile
<Content>The Queen Bites You are forced to pay a resort fee as an extra, after an agreed upon Travelocity price. The AC did not work in this oven (New Orleans can be warm even in the winter). Fairly decent but small rooms. Leaky toilet (water on and off all night). Nice lounge adjacent to the lobby. I will do my best to never stay there again. If I had stayed there all night I would have been furious, but stayed with a friend elsewhere. I couldn't take the heat.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>A&JLoveTravel
<Content>Great Value, Great Location, OK Service My husband and I stayed at the Queen and Crescent for New Year's Eve this past weekend. Overall, we thought it was a good hotel. First, the pros: It's located literally three blocks from the edge of the French Quarter and Canal Street--definitely walking distance to all of the FQ--and we felt safe walking in the neighborhood even after midnight. We parked our car streetside for two days with no problem. The room was small, but cozy with a European boutique hotel feel (our room was in the older, original hotel building). And the bed--incredible! King size, down comforter, down-filled mattress topper, it was definitely a highlight of the trip. The front desk staff, while extremely busy, were also very nice. Now, the cons: There was a marked lack of truly hot water, and we had lukewarm showers both days. Neither of the t.v. remotes worked (the front desk staff said that new t.v.'s had been placed in the rooms and perhaps the remotes hadn't been synchronized yet) and there were very few channels available. We also never saw housekeeping during our stay. We didn't ask the front desk about it, so I'm not sure if housekeeping staff is still small due to Katrina or if they don't visit the rooms each day. Either way, it was good that our bathroom was stocked with towels and that we didn't use them up in the first day. Still, even with these small inconveniences, I don't think we could have found a better value closer to the FQ that still had the charm of the QC. Also, just a note that the valet service seems to have improved from previous posters' stays. We didn't need to use the valet, but there were always two or three guys at the valet stand at all times. They seemed to be doing a much faster job. Some posters also complained about street noise, but we didn't hear anything, even on New Year's. We'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>izoleena
<Content>Deeply disappointed and negatively surprised! I would like to express my opinion about staying for 6 nights in New Orleans Queen and Crescent hotel in December 2006. (I booked this hotel through your site). Overall I would have evaluated staying there as OK if the one thing did not override all our impression.At moment of checking out we were charged additional $38.65 (what has never happened before with us during staying in many other hotels, as well with other guests). The charges were made for service which was announced by the hotel described in Additional Amenities as free, and had not been used by us at all (!)- as using a safe in the room, a fitness center ( they even don't have one on site or at least we did not see one around ), making domestic calls. Internet service was promised to be free if booking made through hotels.com (we called to hotel before booking to verify and checked with the receptionist again upon our arrival to the hotel), but, nonetheless, wireless Internet was included in charges and, even, charge for internet booking(!!) (which I assumed already was charged by hotels.com).This is not the way to make business, when they have hidden charges and fees and try to make money by using small crafty tricks, instead of openly advertising charges or including ones upfront in prices. (The manager was generous enough to give free alcohol drinks to large group of students.) Other guest also were very surprised, even shocked , upset and disappointed.I will do my best to give this hotel anti- promotion. The problem is not much about money, but dishonest way to treat customers.Thank you for your time and attention,With my best regards,Yulia  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JasonandJen
<Content>False advertising on their website Different management post Katrina. Website reported romantic hotel with great rooms, plush robes and fantastic breakfast-all false. We were placed in a building next door-apparently the real hotel is still being modified. The room was ok-more like a motel than a boutique hotel. The wallpaper was peeling, ceiling in bathroom had water damage and no toilet paper holder. They are still charging the Pre-Katrina rates without the breakfast and other amenities. We complained about this at checkout and received an extra night free which brought the price to a more reasonable rate. Make use of the valet, parking is impossible to find. Would not stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>vljenkins
<Content>Starving The hotel was great for the money but don't count on getting anything to eat. The hotel is not equipped with any type of snacks or room service. Also valet service was very slow, since they had to park your automobile a few blocks away. The room was very clean and the view was nice. The staff was also very friendly and professional in all of the departments.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>doughtyv
<Content>Will Stay Again We evacuated from Katrina and went back for the anniversary and stayed one night at this hotel. The staff was very friendly and we loved our room - very classy and the bed was soooooo comfortable. It was very clean and I loved that they use Bath and Body Works products. Some slightly negative things we noticed were that the website and hotel directory mention terry cloth bath robes in each room but ours didn't have any. Our room only had a shower (no bath) , and the directory mentioned breakfast buffet in the Napoleon Room but the room was bare when we got there to eat. I'm pretty sure the missing robes and food have a lot to do with Katrina. We didn't even complain b/c those things didn't make our stay any less pleasurable. The only really disappointing thing is that we paid $29 for the valet service and then waited for over 30 minutes to get our vehicle. The valet said the front desk failed to inform him and then still he took a very long time to bring it around. We own our own business so understand that staff can sometimes slack with their duties.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>crazedtravelagent
<Content>It was okay I live 200 miles from New Orleans and have visited there often before Katrina, however this was our first trip since the hurricane. We have stayed at the Queen and Crescent twice before and both of those times (pre Katrina) were wonderful the hotel was very nice and the service was impeccable, this time I cannot say the same. The front desk clerk was very rude. We arrived there about an hour early and I asked if it was possible if we could do early check-in, he looked at me like I was crazy and said there is no such thing. Considering that I am a travel agent and have had traveled to many places I know that hotels do have early check-in especially if the hotel is not full and it was obviously not full. Also if that is their policy than I don't have a problem with that but just know how to convey that in a nice manner to your customer. I then asked if he would at least hold our bags while we went down to Bourbon to kill time and he acted like I was annoying him with his busy day while he is on a personal phone call. If you don't want to give good customer service then don't work in the customer service industry! We get back to the hotel and get our bags and the rooms are tiny I mean there was 3 of us in a room with 2 dbls and you could barely move..........then they have this huge entertainment center and you open it up and there is probably a 19 inch TV (not that much of a big deal because we aren't in New Orleans to watch TV anyway) but just annoying, why take up that much space with a huge ent center with such a tiny TV inside. I also noticed that the Queen and Crescent occupies two buildings the one closer to Poydras street is the boutique hotel and that must have been where we stayed at before! Everyone else that we encountered in regards to hotel staff were extremely friendly! We will be going back for Labor Day but will not be staying at the Queen and Crescent. I just hope that New Orleans bounces back because it sure is a very historical city! Living on the gulf coast and just going through 2 direct hit hurricanes in two years I understand the frustration of having problems with housing and everything else that goes along with hurricanes, however as said before leave your problems at home when you go to work and if you can't then maybe you should be working where there is no customer contact!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>i would'nt recommend this one the room was small... that i didnt mind... saturday morning when we woke up to go check out the town the hot water in the shower wasnt working. we told the girl at the front desk about the problem she rudely said we are working on it. when we got back from lunch it still wasnt fixed. so i walked down to the front desk to find out if we were going to have to take cold showers and the guy that was there wasnt even aware of the problem. 5 hours later. needless to say i was mad. i will say that once i got to someone that actually cared to fix the problem we had hot water within about 2 hours. but the all day wait for hot water was completely unacceptable. and the lack of professionalism from the day staff at the front desk was repulsive. on top of that we we're overcharged for parking when we checked out. i will never go back to this hotel. even if its free...  
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>1	4	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>GovBizzTraveler
<Content>A Pleasant, Convenient Place to Stay I stayed at the Queen and Crescent hotel while visiting Tulane University, and stayed on after to visit JazzFest and the French Quarter. I found it a very pleasant place to stay. The rooms were on the small side, but very comfortable. My room (I stayed in the main buliding not the annex) looked out on a very quiet street. On the other hand, the area was busy enough at night so that I did not feel uncomfortable walking the three blocks to the French Quarter by myself. This was a relief, since parts of the Central Business District can be quite deserted and creepy at night. I also found the staff very agreeable and helpful, e.g. giving me information about the best way to get to JazzFest and on restaurants in the immediate area. They were also very cooperative about moving my room when the first one (directly opposite the fitness center) turned out to be too noisy.The only real drawback I found was that the hotel doesn't serve breakfast. There is a nice cafe two doors down, but it is closed on weekends, and the remaining options tend to get kind of crowded. Even with that drawback, though, I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WorldTraveller-Bajan
<Content>It's quite a decent hotel I read the previous reviews with interest because I recently stayed at this hotel and found it adequate.It is a small hotel but the lobby was elegantly decorated. The room was small but clean and comfortable. I liked the Bath  body work items in the bathroom. We parked across the street and paid a decent rate. Plus we walked comfortably to Canal Street and the French Quarter. At no time were we hassled or felt in danger. It is also close to Mother's restaurant which is supposed to be quite famous. The food there was ok and the service poor. Great places for food were Laundry's and Mike Anderson restaurants in the French Quarter.Here's hoping for a good recovery for New Orleans.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>planetjupiter
<Content>Enjoyed Our Stay We stayed at the Queen and Crescent for a few days, August 15. The room was very comfortable, clean and most of all, convenient to everything we wanted to do in New Orleans. There was no need for a rental car. Customer service was very friendly. We didn't use the bar or the mini bar in our room. Room size was adequate for two people and comparable to a room we visited in the Marriott. It was well decorated and the bed was quite comfortable. The lobby was always quiet. The hotel does need brighter lights and hotter water. If we can get the hotel again for less than $80, we would definitely stay here.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>no thanks!!! The weekend of August 5th, my boyfriend and i stayed at the Queen  Crescent. Upon arrival, you have to walk through a smoke filled waiting area just to check in. then, you finally get your room and it is SO small that you must love the one your with to make it through your stay. the hotel info claims that you are only 2 blocks from the french quarter, but what they dont tell you is the walk is through a very bad part o ftown. No thanks to ever staying there again.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tasha517
<Content>Great Location, Overpriced small rooms By boyfriend an I stayed at the Queen  Cresent on July 3 - 5 for fourth of July and Essence Festival. It was a great location. Not on busy canal street but just 2 short blocks from the begining of the French Quarter. We didn't have a rental car and we comfortably walked EVERYWHERE from Holel. Jackson Square, Burbon Street, French Market, Canal Street Shopping, House of Blues, Pat O'Brian's. . . If you're going to New Orleans you must stay downtown! The hotel was decorated great in lobby and hallway. Bar sometimes had no bartender. Our room was not ready at 2:00 when we arrived, I called back at 3:30 still wasen't ready. Finally at 5:00 we got into our room. But staff graciously put our bags in a closet to store so we could eat and explore N.O. Rooms were EXTREMELY small. Maybe 12X11 sq. feet. There was no space between the entry door, desk, bed, t.v, or anything. We had to store our stuff in a large closet just to be able to navigate in room comfortably. But room and bathroom's are very very clean, nice antique style decoration, good matress and pillows. Rooms were cleaned, towels  sheets changed, and the maids straightened up the room for us. Overpriced mini bar $4.00 for bottle of water and $2.00 for Snicker's Bar (not even King Sized)! We paid 125 / night for a tiny room with great location. . . could of been worse. **BE AWARE you may be placed in extended hotel building across the street with no staff or front desk over there. You'll have to walk across the street to reach staff! If price is right I may stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing to Write Home About My husband and I just returned from our trip where we stayed at the Queen and Crescent Hotel for 3 nights.Location: The hotel is centrally located near the French Quarter and the Riverwalk. It's about 2 blocks off of Canal St. in the business district. It's within walking distance to the Aquarium, Bourbon St., Jackson Square, the D-Day Museum, etc. Customer Service: For a boutique hotel, I expected the service to be better than it was. The front desk clerks were efficient, but not overly friendly.Room: The room was tiny. We were on the 12th floor in the main building in a room that faced a side street. We had a king size bed, armoire with small television, a writing desk with chair, and two bedside tables. There was no way you could put one more stitch of furniture in the room! It was smaller than the average living room, but again, efficient. The view was blocked by the writing desk, so you really couldn't appreciate the large windows. The bathroom had a shower stall and pedestal sink. It also had a small medicine cabinet with mirror above the sink. They did have a built-in 1500 watt hair dryer. Our particular room had a problem with biting ants. My husband found several on his feet. We didn't see trails of them anywhere, but apparently they were there because he killed several of them on his body.Amenities: They supplied guests with Bath and Body Works brand shampoo, conditioner, and lotion. The soaps were also nice. There was also a mini bar (which we never used), and coffee (which we also didn't use because it was sitting atop the mini bar, and my husband wasn't sure if we'd be charged for it or not). The room had an electronic safe inside the small closet. Things they didn't tell you until you were already there: The parking is very pricey, at $26/night if you use the hotel lot. If you park in the parking garage across the street, it's $15/night. Also, there is a $1.95/night charge for having access to the in-room safe (whether you choose to use it or not). Considering I got the room for $50 through an online source where you pick the star rating and area, we couldn't complain too much. Had I paid rack rate for the room, I would've been much more upset.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>suzchsh
<Content>Not good This hotel's rooms are very small. There were never enough towels. Do NOT trust the wake up call. I tried 4 times, and 3 out of the 4, no call came. For cheaper parking, go to the parking lot right across the street which is $15 for 24, and it's by the hour, so if you're doing lots of in and out, it's still cheap. I would not come here again.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel for the independent type I agree that the customer service offered by this hotel is not up-to-par, but if you are the type of visitor that does not need much attention then I wouldn't even worry about it. The room was great - old fashion style with nice amenities. Parking is a tad expensive, but seeing as how it's in such a great location I wasn't too surprised. For the money this hotel is definitely worth it.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a happy customer -- but they didn't care! To begin, we often stay at boutique hotels and have found them to be friendlier, more interesting and with (sometimes) more amenities than larger chain hotels. At the Queen and Crescent, we could have stayed at Motel 6 and had better treatment. First, we were in the budget building, across the alley. So, to use the fitness center, business center (laughable name) or stop by the front desk, we had to go downstairs, outside, across the street and into another building. Talk about second class! Our first room was so small, when my husband was ironing, I had to stand on the bed or go into the (teeny, tiny) bathroom to get dressed. I called down and asked to be moved to another room. Each person I spoke with asked me to call back in 3 to 4 hours. After speaking to four (4) different people, I was finally told they were full for the night and to try again the next day. On vacation, who has time to call and BEG to be accomodated? The room was in a sad state as well: two broken lamps, several burned out lightbulbs, and a broken window that rattled excessively with weather changes or anytime a bus or large truck drove down the street. The staff was very apathetic -- certainly not friendly and helpful. Next time we visit New Orleans, we will stay at the Hotel Monaco. We had friends staying there and we met them every night before dinner; their staff treated us better than the staff at Queen and Crescent!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stolen Jacket I checked into the hotel at 1am Sunday morning April 3. I left for the convention center at 7:30 am. When I returned that evening I discovered my jacket was missing. It was going to be 72 degrees that day so I left it in the hotel. I immediately went to the hotel desk. They told me they would look into it. Twice on Monday I inquired about my jacket both times I was told they did not know what happened to my jacket. On Tuesday I spoke with the guest relations person who told me she would find out about my jacket. I never heard from her on Tuesday or Wednesday. On Thursday before checking out I asked again about my jacket. I was told they did not know what happened to my jacket. I asked for the guest relations person and was told she was not in the building. No one at the hotel cared that my jacket was stolen. Very upsetting.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad Experience My car was stolen from their valet parking lot on Mar. 11, 2005. The hotel management have not taken any responsibility for this problem. I would advise anyone traveling to New Orleans to stay away from this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Found a keeper! Eleven of us decided to jointly celebrate our 30th birthdays in New Orleans for St. Patrick's Day weekend. Q  C was the cheapest deal ($89.90/night) we could find online. After having stayed there, I'm not sure why it was so cheap! The rooms and beds were probably smaller than you're used to (DO NOT expect the expansive, wasted space of most U.S. hotel chains), kind of European style and old-fashioned, but very charming--tons of pillows and fluffy comforters, neat wallpaper and furnishings. AND they provided Tom's of Maine's toothpaste! We had 4 people in our room, so it was...snug. But, the 3 floor-to-ceiling windows with a great view up and down Camp St. made up for that. Also, they didn't charge us for the extra people!Convenient to Bourbon, but far enough away that you can escape, close to riverwalk and casino. The staff was of average help in terms of recommending local attractions, but they sure were friendly! Everyone I met wanted to chat.I never tried the Continental breakfast or anything (not complimentary), but the bar served an excellent Bloody Mary. There are 2 buildings, and we stayed in the main one. I don't know what the other is like. Generally, I think it is better if you are on the upper (above 6th) floors, so you have a view.No one had a problem with reservations, and as promised, they went 10% below an Internet rate we had found (even though I ended up forgetting to bring a printed copy of the quote!). No surprise charges at checkout. All in all, suited our needs perfectly.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Good Place To Stay I recently stayed at this hotel (March 25-29). I enjoyed my stay overall. The location isn't too far from the French Quarter. A safe walk -- 3 blocks to Canal St. It is also close to the St. Charles Street Car pick up if you want to head to the Garden District. The hotel staff were very friendly at check-in and answered all my questions. The room was large and simple. The bed in my room was fine. Nice to have the mini-bar and it is not overpriced. The only complaint I have is that the maid service begins at 9-9:30 a.m. and they knock on your door! Yikes! There wasn't any Do not distrub signs. I spoke with the front desk and they told me they would not have them knock on my door until after 12:00 Noon. So a warning to those of you who choose to party to late and sleep late. Also, go to their web site and book there. They have very low rates (yes, lower than Orbitz, etc.) and gaurantee to beat anyone who sells the rooms at a lower rate. I would stay here again. My room was a nice size as well. For people traveling to New Orleans that are looking for a nice simple hotel this is it. If you are looking for a 5 star experience then book a 5-star hotel. This hotel offeres Room Service, etc., but by no means is a 5 diamond/star hotel. It seems, some of the people who have left reviews, expect to pay under $100 a night and get the Ritz. Let's be honost, when you pay the rates of a 5-star and stay at one you know what to expect. A great resort generally, but a toll on the wallet. I was leary about staying here due to some of the reviews. Upon arrival I found everything fine. Clean, neat and a place to crash. Excellent value. My friend who travled with me had a seperate room and when we got ready to leave he left his cell phone in the room. When we checked out and the front desk had it for him. The maid ran it to the front desk and beat us there. I will return to this hotel on my next visit!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>madigka
<Content>Queen and Crescent Ideal We have just returned from five days at the Queen and Crescent. The hotel was lovely. We stayed in the annex and it was no big deal; it is just across a short street. I have stayed in hotels that had longer hallways than our walk from the lobby of the annex to the lobby of the main building! The room was lovely with exposed brick walls and tasteful furnishings. The bathroom was big with a good size tub. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The location was ideal! Just a couple of blocks from the two street car lines (check at the desk about a 3 day pass) and the French Quarter (without the noise of the Quarter!) and just a few blocks from the Riverfront. There is no restaurant at the hotel but there is a breakfast offered for a fee. It can be a little hit and miss but there is a lovely little place Olives two doors down where we had lunch one day and also Huey's 24/7 a block down and two blocks over where we ate dinner one evening.If we return to New Orleans, we would not hesitate to book into the Queen and Crescent again!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kruzlady
<Content>jan 15, 2005 Stayed here one night pre-cruise.Great location, our room was large, the bathroom small but sufficient.The staff was great, very helpful and informative.We arrived before check-in, they had a bellman to take our luggage and store it.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated it! Visited this hotel last week as part of a week long business trip. I was looking forward to staying at a part of Clarion's boutique collection - billed as stylized, interesting and upscale lodging choices. Unfortunately, this hotel barely met the mark when compared to other mid-market brands. The wallpaper was falling off the bathroom walls. The bed was small and lumpy. The sheets were thin and the blanket and spread were both full of cigarette burns or hair. My door didn't self-close all the way and several times, I came home to find that the door wasn't locked (yes, this was my own fault - I should have checked).Beyond the facility problems, the staff was terribly self-absorbed and unfriendly. You felt as if you were interfering if you went up to ask for assistance. I reported problems with the business center and they immediately refunded my money - helpful, but I really wanted to be able to print something. It wasn't about the money. Instead, they sent me 8 blocks (on foot) to the local Kinkos.I won't be staying at this Clarion Collection hotel again - or any of the other collection hotels in New Orleans.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good price and location This hotel was very nice. Not too far from Bourbon street but not in the middle of the party district. I liked the decor just wished the large tub had jets in it. It could have had a larger TV screen but weren't in the room much. Give it a try.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant Stay, Good Location I was pleasantly surprised because this hotel exceeded all my expectations. I thought I would be disappointed never having stayed at QC before, but thankfully the hotel was great . Its about 3 blocks from all of the action of the Quarter, which allows you to return to your room for a quiet night of sleep. It also has a quaint piano bar and the staff is very friendly. The rooms are on the small side, but not anything to deter someone's stay.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient  Recently stayed at the Queen  Crescent Hotel in New Orleans, and loved it! The rooms were clean, and quiet, and very conveniently located in relation to the French Quarter. We walked over every day, and never felt uncomfortable walking at night. They even comped our room when the other hotel (Garden District Hotel) messed up our reservation. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone going to New Orleans to see the town, and wants a comfortable, place to sleep at night, close to everything - Hurrah's, Riverwalk, French Quarter, the streetcar line, Mother's, etc. Will definitely look it up again!!  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DFGA
<Content>Great Location 3 stars *** This a very average hotel and I'll give you the pros and cons and you can be the judge. Pros: The best thing about this place is the location, it is great. Just a few blocks from Canal and a few blocks from the riverfront and Harrah's casino. You can get most anywhere within walking distance. The staff at the front desk was friendly and helpful with tours and directions. Cons: The lobby is small with a little bar area which did get overcrowded at times. The rooms are also very small, especially the bathroom, I felt like I was in an airplane bathroom. The elevators were slow and the service we had for our meeting was also poor. They failed to have breakfast prepared one morning and we ran out of coffee. Also, the room could have been better organized for our meeting. Certainly, this place should have been more experienced for a basic meeting. I would recommed this place to a casino gamer or tourist just looking for a place to crash for a quick weekend getaway. However, there isn't an abundance of fancy, great hotels in New Orleans so you may just stay for value and location in this city.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sorriso
<Content>I Would Return to the Queen and Crescent Last spring, after reading the posts here and checking their website I bid on and won our two night (November 2004) stay on skyauction. In the meantime my trepidation grew as I read posts here. I called and requested a room in the main building because of the window issue; I received a room in the annex building. When I complained the nice lady at reception said it was all they had and that it was a very good room. Indeed it was.I asked the bellman about the windows. He stated that they were original to the building and they weren't allowed to be changed due to historical regulations. Could be true, I'm somewhat familiar with regulations here and it seemed a reasonable response. Anyhow there wouldn't have been much to look out on and it really wasn't a big deal.We travel only a couple of times a year and certainly are not familiar with the finer things in life, never had and never likely will stay at a five star (unless I can get one on skyauction!). That said we were more than satisfied here. This room was just as advertised with nice touches like crown moulding and an armoire for the tv. The room was a corner room and looking at the plan it may be a little larger than noncorner rooms. We weren't entertaining and it was just the two of us, plenty of room. The tub was deep and made for a wonderful bath. The annex lobby was tastefully decorated with marble floors, oriental design rug and chandelier.Another poster complained that the bed was uncomfortable. I disagree. Our bed had a mattress topper on it which increased the comfort, perhaps it's a new touch. My only complaint about the hotel is that they used a flat sheet on the bottom instead of a fitted one, very annoying.We did not eat at the hotel, too many other places to choose from. We did not touch the mini-bar nor the coffee. We used the safe and there was no additional charge at check-out. We weren't booked into the robe rooms so can't comment on that.I would recommend the Queen and Crescent Hotel to family and friends.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This travel agent recommends I was in New Orleans the night of Dec 4. The Queen and Crescent is a quaint boutique hotel. It was very clean, decorated nicely, and the staff were very friendly and informative. It's about 3 blocks from Bourbon street, so it's only a short walk.The only factor that may be of concern, is that the rooms are pretty small. It's probably ok for a couple of people in a room, but I wouldn't recommend it if you're bringing kids because the space just isn't there.In any case, I was pleased with this property, especially for the low price of $79.00.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Queen  Boutique? No, that is generally high standard classy, but quirky - this is more what we Brits call cheap and cheerful - perhaps whichout the cheerful! Compared to many downtown N.O. hotels, this one achieves a good balance between location (few blocks from main action, close to public transportation, trams/buses) and price. Just don't expect anything more than a budget-type hotel. We stayed for 3 nights from Sun Oct 24th (2 rooms) and, whilst we enjoyed the visit, and the door staff were great (very helpful, cheerful, customer-focussed etc etc!!!!), we would not rush back ... mainly because of N.O itself (tacky) . If we had to come back, would consider the Queen  Crescent on price grounds but am sure there are better hotels out there. However be careful - would not recommend one in the main French Quarter - went to an upmarket hotel on Bourbon Street for lunch but would hate to stay there as that area is a nightmare for noise and drunken people at night - Bourbon street is not a jazz haven as much as an 18-30 fun zone, including gentlemen's clubs. Queen  Crescent Hotel is basically okay, clean and safe. but set your expectations - this is not a classic 3 star. Make sure you get the best price to make it worth the annoyance from the following - get the best price you can find on the internet then call the hotel booking centre who guarantee to match or better the price (and, if you are entertaining your more elderly parents as I was, remember to ask for Senior Discounts, 10% for our second room) .... Okay, the niggles: rooms small but just about adequate; bathroom tiny (for US hotels - seriously small for any size challenged people); amenities good if present (Bath  Bodywoks toiletries, replenished daily, even if not needed - at least they don't dispose of the soap that you have only used for one day but leave a second one just in case so you can be environmentally sensitive) but promised bathrobes had to be requested from reception; 2 packs of coffeeprovided each day with Coffee machine but for some reason supplied de-caff each time; Reception woefully understaffed (prepare to wait 10+ mins for everything, no matter the time of day) - as a result, one of the staff was borderline surly; knew there was no restaurant from the web site, however, Breakfast buffet terrible (think of the worst Motel but twice the price) compared to diners/hotels etc close by; compulsory charge for the in-room safe whether you used it ir not ... go with your eyes open and moderate expectations and this hotel is ok.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tooltimeterry
<Content>Helpful Hotel I booked room here on a discount web sight for 2 nights. Upon calling to verify my reservations I found that I had none. I found out that the web site was a bogus scam that used the hotel finding service to get your credit card # and then remove money from your account. The hotel was helpful in helping me realize the scam  keeping me from loosing alot of money. They also helped me in securing another room. I've read several reveiws where people have got to the hotel after booking online at unknown services only to find that they have no room. It's not the hotel's fault,.. they got scamed just like me. so be sure of your hotel finding service!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelerharrisburg
<Content>A wonderful European style hotel We spent four nights at the Queen  Crescent and loved it. The room was smaller than the typical American hotel, but not cramped. We had a corner room with four large windows giving us a view in two directions. The hotel has a small lounge that we visited often. It is convenient to the French Quarter and other attractions, but far enough away to assure some peace and quiet.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lapochka
<Content>nothing bad about Q We just came from NO this past weekend(10/16-10-19/2004). The hotel is very conveniently located 3 blocks from French Quarter. The rooms were clean, the housekeeping was on time, the staff was helpfull in helping us book the trips and the door men/bell boys were very nice and helpfull in planning the trips around NO. I think it qualifies as a 3 star hotel and I have nothing bad to say about this hotel. We stayed in the main building(b/c I've read from some reviews that the other building is not as safe and rooms are not as clean). I called about a month bfr we arrived and asked to stay in the main building(we had no problems with that). If your flight is early and your room is not ready, they'll store your luggage for you. We were ectually dissappointed with the city itself. It's dirty, smelly, too many homeless pple and there is nowhere to go, except for a couple of streets in the French Quarter. The breakfast in the hotel doesnt have a big variety of items to eat,but it doesnt cost that much, so we dont regret eating there the 1st 2 days(we ate across from Cafe Du Monde the third morning). The food in NO is food and plenty of places for any budget.I would not go to NO again, but not b/c of the hotel, but because of the city itlself.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hated the queen crescent First of all, this is NOT a boutique hotel--It's more like a MOTEL! Its standards are no where near 3 stars. The location is about the only good thing this hotel has to offer. The rooms are not even close to the website description. Instead you will discover a tiny room with old wall paper, cheap sheets, terrible furnishing, uncomfortable beds, two towels is all you get, poor lighting, and the bathroom water presure sucked. So ignore the brick exposed wall and all the fluff description the website claims all rooms have. I am a frequent travlerer and by far this is the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. I was dissapointed in learning that there are two seperate hotels (across the street from each other) and the second one, does not even have a doorman, so you have to swipe your hotel room card to get in the main door, not a safe option. Would avoid this place at all cost. For this price you can get a lot more for your money.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Q We booked a four-night airfare/hotel package with Expedia,choosing the QC because of the mostly positive reviewson TripAdvisor.com, which turned out to be accurate. TheQ  C will not knock your socks off, but it covers the basicbases handily: with a pleasant, clean room and a few pleasing extras like Bath and Body Works toiletries, a second magnifying mirror in the bathroom, etc. Nice bathroom with great water pressure. One drawback: we were put in the second building next door on Camp Street, and the room had permanently-sealed windows of frosted, pebbled glass -- gave kind of a claustrophobic effect.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Queen-Great Location We stayed at the Queen and Crescent from 9/28 to 10/02. The locaton is great, just 3 blocks from the French Quarter and a few blocks from RiverWalk, Harrah's and the aquarium. The room was very large and nicely furnished, however there was no view from the windows. They were painted over and covered with chicken wire. No restaurant in the hotel, but a nice small bar that was open at night. A few nights it was overrun with tour groups of senior citizens who were quite rowdy. The hotel is a good value, however if you are looking for great service and amenities, this wouldn't be your first choice. There were several problems with their computer system while we were there, the ATM was down and the continental breakfast was expensive for what it was.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ghosthunterdan
<Content>General Manger doesnt really give a damn I had information from the internet that this hotel had a rooftop pool and full service restaurant. When I approached the General Manger on this his attitude was awful. He never mad me feel that my business was important and appricated. He also said he would check out the incorrect information and get back to me and never did.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>50-50 on the Queen and Crescent This hotel was a great deal, and only 3 blocks from the French Quarter making it a great location for a cheap price. We stayed from July 22-29/2004.If your looking customer service, I wouldn't suggest this hotel. Front desk clerks only want you to leave them alone. When you ask them a question your lucky if they answer or they tell you 'they'll look into it.' If you want info, go to the DOORMAN!!! They know everything and are willing to help whatever way they can.Lastly, cleaning services were 50-50. Will most likely have to 'ask' for supplies, like shampoo and towels, then have them supply it.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>augustapuddles
<Content>great hotel A great place to stay. Great location , close to riverwalk, Quarter and convention center. Very clean. The people at the desk and the valet service were very helpful and courteous. Needed a room on a lower floor and was changed immediately, no questions asked. We lived in NO for many years and were back for a visit and couldn't have been more pleased with a hotel. Will stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value! I was thrilled when we arrived at the Queen and Crescent Hotel. The rooms were very clean and had the fantastic ambiance you would expect from New Orleans, there was exposed brick in the room and an gorgeous 'room-enough-for-two' antique bed. Check-in and Check-out was painless. The staff was curteous and helpful. No, there were no 'plush robes' that everyone is going on about - big deal! And yes there were some little glitches, like the key not working one night...but it was safe, clean, attractive and the perfect walking distance to the French Quarter, Riverwalk, Canal Street and other attractions. I would have rather stayed here then at some 'chain' hotel that gives you the same experience no matter what city you go to...I highly rec. this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than Expected After reading some of the reviews here I was somewhat anxious before I arrived at our hotel. When we arrived, the hotel was much nicer than expected. The check in was quick and the front desk staff was very helpful. We expected a room that was substandard, but in fact found ours to be quite nice. The room had a certain character that could not be found in other large chain hotels in the area. We had recently stayed in a four star hotel in Hawaii and deemed our room in the Queen and Crescent of comparable quality, at one third the price. The location of the hotel was very pleasing as well. Three blocks to the French quarter and two to the St. Charles trolley stop put us in the middle of everything we needed. The only criticism we had was the lack of advertised plush robes. But who cares, we didn come to New Orleans to sit around our hotel in loungewear. Overall, we were very impressed with the quality of the facilities. If you are looking for a hotel to wait on you hand and foot, them this is not your place. But if you want to stay in a central location, in nice facilities and explore the city of New Orleans, then make a reservation. We will be back.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible, Awful Hotel This is not a boutique hotel. The hotel is roadside motel quality. The sheets are scratchy, our blanket has a hole that looked like it had been patched using duck tape and super glue, of the three rooms we stayed in only one came with a lush?robe, and only one robe at that. The ueen?mattress was really a full sized mattress. The crib they provided for our 8-month did not meet current safety standards even though they insisted it was a new crib. The mattress was too soft, the crib sheet too loose and the plywood platform for the mattress was peeling and little fingers could easily pull off and swallow. The first night we all crammed into the ueen?size bed because we could not let our daughter sleep in the hotel crib. Needless to say neither my husband nor myself slept very well since we were both concerned about our daughter. The next morning I discussed the crib issue with the hotel manager. They did go out and purchase a new pack and play for us to use that night. We checked out Saturday morning and were planning on returning Sunday night. When we checked back in Sunday night it took the hotel over an hour to locate the crib. We check in at 7 p.m. and were planing on getting our daughter right into bed. Everyone from the General Manager to the front desk staff who checked us out knew we were planning on returning on Sunday and would again require the pack and play they purchased for use. No one in the hotel was able to go the extra distance and make sure the pack and play was at the front desk for us when we check in. When asked the hotel staff just kept say e don know?and e are looking for it? No one ever said, e are sorry? They did finally comp our parking fees (after much complaining) but after one night of no sleep and another night of frustration it did little to help. Calls to the hotel prior to travel they said the cribs were new and regular crib size. Because of the assurance we did not bring our safe pack and play. The crib was neither regular crib size nor was it new. This hotel should better train its staff on crib safety and it would be advised that they actually purchase new safe cribs that come with firm mattresses and secure bedding before an infant is seriously injured. I did ask the front desk manager to look at the crib and tell me if she would allow her newborn to sleep in the crib and from the lack of response from her I have to assume her answer is no she would not. The other reviewers were right ?this is not a good hotel.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Judithleo
<Content>Perfect Location My husband and I, never having been to New Orleans before, recently scheduled a trip. We did a lot of internet searching to discover the right place to stay and the right spots to visit. We had a good deal of help from our friends as well. We chose to stay at the Queen and Crescent, a Boutique Hotel, no restaurant on premises, on Camp St., a 4-5 block walk from the French Qtr.(good decible choice) and we couldn't have been happier. The service was prompt, courteous, and informed. The room rate M-TH was extremely affordable, with F-S a bit higher. Our room was delightfully furnished with poster bed, period fabric, brick walls, and a luxury bath with large soaking tub. (The overnight parking was too high, though, at $26/night) We were within very comfortable walking distance to many restaurants. Notable among them and highly recommended by us were: Mothers, an experience not to be missed with an early bird breakfast special before 9AM @$4.25(no tipping allowed), Cuvee, next to the St. James Hotel, and Restaurant August, both upscale with great wine lists and creative, delicious food. All three will be visited by us next time we travel to NO. We also ate at Gallatoire's, Brennan's for Sun. brunch, and Commander's Palace (lunch was very pricey). We would also recommend visits to the Art Museum, the D-Day Museum, Oak Alley Plantation, Preservaton Hall, and a swamp tour with shuttle service from your hotel and back again. Finally, our trip was the week of March 20 and the weather was PERFECT.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Piratelady
<Content>Bait  I cannot tell you about the rooms because I did not get to stay there. They confirmed our reservation (gave us a confirmation number) and took the money out of our account. I have print outs with the rates and the confirmation number. However, they turned us away. NOT becuase they were booked but they quoted us the wrong price and wanted $160 more per night for the room. I booked directly through their central reservations, so I guess they can do this. I also called to double-check our reservation and we were told they were confirmed. I guess they were kind enough to hold the room for us, provided we pay the higher price!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2004
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great people at the Queen and Crescent I stayed at the Queen and Crescent during Mardi Gras. The staff, especially Robert the doorman, were very helpful. Answering all my questions about transportation needs, close by restaurants, etc. Security during the night were also very friendly, going as far as getting us towels to dry off with when we got caught in the rain. unfortunately, as much as we talked, I forgot his name. Rooms were clean. I never was up early enough to catch the free breakfast, so I cant comment on that. Free coffee in lobby till around Noon or so. The bartender and the lounge singer, both very friendly, made us feel right at home. My hotel next Mardi Gras? Queen and Crescent !  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lazydragon
<Content>Im not sleeping on an air matress! I have been to NO numerous times and knew the area and hotels quite well. This time however, due to a large convention we were forced out of the French Quarter and the Wyndham, to the Queen and Crescent. Who were one of the hotels in the area who did have afew rooms left for our date of travel that didnt require a minimum 3 night stay during this time.I called the hotel direct to confirm my reservation of a room with 2 double beds....twice. One call was just afew days prior to my arrival. Upon check in I was notified that they didnt have the room I requested. They only had a room left with just one queen sized bed. I was staying with a co-worker and this was totally unacceptable to me. They swore up and down they had not one more room to be had in the hotel. They were totally booked The clerk said they would send up a cot for one of us to sleep on in the room. Dissapointed, and tired, we decided to go up to the room and assess the situation and wait for the cot. The room was on the small side but the bathroom was puney!! One of the worst Ive ever seen size wise. No room to put any personal items out! As well we had a lovely view out our window of a brick wall. Well the cot arrived and it turned out to be an air matress. I refused to pay almost $200 a night to sleep on an air matress. I didnt realize I was camping but the hotel thought this was a grand idea. Livid, we called down to the front desk, and the clerk decided we needed to speak to the Manager, Chris, who was in a meeting but came to the phone anyways. To his credit, he was very apologetic and wanted to solve this problem. We demanded either a free night or another room. After about a 10 minute conversation on the phone, Lo and behold another room suddenly became available when not 20 minutes before they were booked solid. The new room was in the main building and had a king bed and the bathroom actually had a window looking out onto the street. But the king bed took up the whole space, not much room for anything else. However we didnt have to pay for it. We ended up paying for one room and getting the other for free. ****Beware! quaint in describing a room in the French Quarter is code for teenyThe manager Chris was the best part of this whole mess and gave my co-worker and I each a nice bundle of toiletries for the trouble.I wouldnt stay at this hotel again though, okay location, but way too many problems. Which is too bad. Since the regualr rates (non convention time) are really good. But Im going back to the Wyndham. You get what you pay for.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bamatravelgrl
<Content>Queen and Crescent is a great place to stay We went to New Orleans for our Valentines weekend. The Queen and Crescent is such a nice place to stay. We got there early and they checked our luggage since the room was not ready. The bellman gave us two complimentary drink tickets to the bar while we waited. Our room was ready within an hour and it was only 12:00. The room was great and the bed was extremely comfortable and quiet. It is only about 3 blocks from the French Quarter and the Riverwalk Mall. We had a great weekend and would highly recommend eating at the Red Fish Grill. The food was awesome! We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Queen  Stayed here during the NAFEM show in September, and was quite surprised. A brisk and easy 10 minute walk to the Morial Convention Center. In the evening, just 4 blocks to Bourbon Street. Nice cocktail lounge in the lobby, and continental breakfast is served each morning. Clean room, with coffee maker. Somewhat cozy (small) but elegantly decorated. I know of no one who travels to New Orleans for the express purpose of staying in the hotel room. This neighborhood is now called the Warehouse District, and has been almost completely gentrified and upgraded. I felt completely safe returning to the room at all hours of the night. Nice restaurants outside on Camp Street, and around the corner from Mothers, - famous for their home cooking and po boys. A quick walk to Harrah's Casino, as well as the Canal Shops, Riverwalk, and the St Charles Streetcar line. You can't go wrong here - often featured on expedia and other hotel broker sites. I noticed that the rates continue to go down, the closer you get to booking date - contingent on their reservations.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hendersongal
<Content>Nice Little Place My husband and I stayed at the Q  C for one night before heading off for a cruise. We didn't do much more than sleep there, but from our limited time there it seemed nice. We got a good deal on the hotel's Web site and ended up with a small suite (we didn't pay for this). For those with extravagant tastes, this may not be the best bet, but for those that just want a nice, clean, safe spot, than this fits the bill.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We got a great deal on Orbitz and were surprised to find that the room looked just like the picture!! Very elegant and quiet, but within walking distance to the French Quarter. Friendly staff and clean rooms. We came down for the weekend for our anniversary and talked all weekend about how we would definitely be back here!!!! (If you want a great po-boy, go to Johnny's Po-Boys on St. Louis St.) We can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>return visit for sure great hotel, the staff were fantanstic, full of great ideas where to eat, play, etc. Was sad to leave, doubt i'll get service like that again soon--and I travel lots. Guys (and girls!), if you're reading this thanks again for everything.Cheers.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Safe for the Girls! What a wonderful surprise! I read a few of the reviews for the hotel and was a little hesitant about staying. We were four women doing some Christmas shopping and having a fun night out. Bourbon Street and the Convention center were in safe walking distance. The room was beautiful, the staff was friendly and had that wonderful New Orleans attitude. We would stay again, very safe, very affordable, overall an excellent visit!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely I loved the hotel. For those who don't understand the concept of a BOUTIQUE hotel, then go and stay at the Sheraton up the street. The rooms are small but my boyfriend word to describe then would be quaint. I thought they were very romantic. The shower was excellent. We stayed on the 12th floor and it was wonderful. The room was cleaned and fresh towels brought everyday. If I had a complaint on our last day there the maid came by twice waking us up. There aren't any Do Not Disturb signs for the door. We weren't far from the Quarters or really anything. I loved it and would stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thought this was a GREAT little hotel My wife and I travel for business often and we loved the charm and location of the Queen  Crescent. I has the old world charm that you look for when staying in New Orleans. The location was great! We were able to walk everywhere we wanted to visit. The staff was outstanding and very helpful with offering restaurant suggestions. If you visit New Orleans (and you should) don't miss the New Orleans School of Cooking on St. Louis Street just off Decatur. Kevin Belton was too much fun, the food was great and now my wife can prepare shrimp creole!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! We had gotten a huge discount on our room there thru one of the travel sites (I dont remember which one, Orbitz, I think). I thought at that price they may put us up in a broom closet... but at least the surroundings would be nice. But when we checked in they gave us a wonderful room on the 9th floor with a huge window! It was truly elegant and the friendly, helpful staff made it a very pleasant experience.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little hotel need a lot of improvement The Queen and Crescent in New Orleans is a nice little hotel, good price, good location. nice decor. But the unprofessional staff and the Nasty free breakfast need a lot of improvement, and what's the deal of those room door? it is so heavy, need two bodybuilders to open it.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>azhoselady
<Content>The little Queen of the Crescent City This was a one night stay for us after a cruise. I was so suprised. I wasn't sure what to expect but the location is great, the hotel is clean and the staff was great. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this hotel A friend and I spent one night at the Queen and Crescent Hotel in New Orleans before a cruise leaving from New Orleans and for another 4 nights on our return from the cruise. On arrival we were greeted by a friendly desk clerk who checked us in in record time. The Bellman Eric brought us to our room which was in the main building on the 3rd floor. The room was of good size with 2 double beds and plenty of storage space. We were at the back of the hotel so there was no noticeable street noise. As we were going on a one week cruise and then coming back to the hotel for a few more days afterward, we asked if we could leave one of our suitcases in storage. The bellman took care of it for us. The next morning we went to a continental breakfast (bagels, donuts, pastries, yogurt, juice and coffee were available) before having a cab called to take us to the cruise terminal. On our return 5 days later we asked if the same room was available, and the desk clerk was able to accomodate us. Our bag was taken from storage and our bags were brought to our room for us. As we were obviously tourists, every time we left or returned to the hotel we were greeted warmly, asked if we had a good day, how were we enjoying New Orleans. The front desk was also able to cash some Travelers Checks for us ($50.00) and there was a bank across the street which would cash larger denominations for us. Chris at the front desk, (not sure if he was a manager) was always able to answer any questions we had such as where to catch the street car, directions to a particular site we wanted to see, to even recommending a few places to eat that fit us to a T as we are definately not the white table cloths and fancy napkins and place settings type diners. We did not take advantage of the continental breakfast for the most part, only because it was till 9:30 a.m. and we were usually not ready in time. We did get a recommendation for a local breakfast spot only a block and a half away from the hotel from the staff. We felt the location was excellent. We were a short 2 block walk away from the French Quarter which saved us some money in hotel costs and we could pick up the street car 1 block over in the opposite direction. I believe the only complaint we had (which we listed on the comment card) was that there was no retractable clothesline in the bathroom for hand washables. If we ever return to New Orleans for business or pleasure, we would definately stay at the Queen and Crescent Hotel again. The price was right, the location was very nice, and the staff was great.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Satisfield with the Quee and Crescent We stayed at the Queen and Crescent last weekend for three nights. This was our fourth time in New Orleans and our third hotel. It was our favorite. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Teh continental breakfast in the morning was an added perk after partying late into the night- no need to go anywhere else for breakfast, unless you were a bacon and egg kind of person.Bagels, donuts, fruit, juice and coffee were more than enough for us. Our room was on the small side, but who cares-you're in New Orleans!! The room was very clean. We got fresh towels every day. If you want your sheets changed, put the card on your bed. They are trying to save the enviornment-help them. Do you change your sheets at home every day??? All in all a great hotel for the price. You are three blocks from the French Quarter and have all the peace and quiet you want. We will be back - but the SAINTS better start winning!!!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Very satisfied, everything went off without a hitch. The room was very comfortable, all the amenities necessary. The lobby was the best air conditioning in the city.......and it was hot and humid outside. I've slept around a lot over the years ( you know what I mean), and for the very low price, everyone in my group was happy. We had booked three rooms for Southern Decadence. Thanks to the Queen  Crescent, we would certainly stay there again! Rick  
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Queen and Crescent If you are looking for a great deal on a hotel in New Orleans, stay at the Queen  Crescent. It is just 2 blocks out of the French Quarter and the accomidations are great! The hotel itself is beautiful and our room was very clean. We didn't spend a lot of time there because we were sightseeing but I think it would be great for business or travel. I think this hotel is the greatest value in New Orleans and we would defintly recommend it and stay there again!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good experience My husband and I stayed in the Queen  Crescent for two nights and had a pleasant experience. This is a boutique hotel so the rooms are smaller than normal (about 12x12) but they were really clean. When visiting New Orleans why would you want to sit in your room anyway? We had wonderful service from the front desk and the bellmen were really great. The location was perfect! A short walk to all the main attractions (Bourbon St., French Market, Harrah's, Aqarium) and the trolleys/streetcars. It felt much safer than Canal Street or the French Quarter. I was really apprehensive about this place after reading some of the other reviews but I'm glad I didn't change my mind. If you can get a discounted rate on a room it's well worth it!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nasty! I was very dissapointed! I was visiting New Orleans during the SEC Tournament. I asked for a none smoking room which I did not received. I expected a small room, but not tiny and stuffy. The bathroom was in terrible condition. The toilet and sink were not clean. The tissue holder was so close to the commode that you had to sit on the toilet side ways, and to add there were no vents in the bathroom! I've learned my lesson! Stick to National Chains! I could have stayed at a Motel 8 for a third of the price and better accommodations. It was unbelievable.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place, good location We went to New Orleans during Mardis Gras, and we stayed at the Hilton for 2 nights and then at the Queen  Crescent for 2 nights. We felt that this Hotel was very nice. I think we stayed in room 317, which was a corner room. The room was big, with exposed brick walls and was filled with attractive antiques. The bathroom was also large and very nice. The entire time we were there, we did not hear a peep from the hallway or any other room, which made us feel that we were the only people in the building. This was terrific. The only thing that I was not happy about was that the parking was $23.00 a day, and there really was no other spot near that area where we could park our car and leave it. I think that next time we go back to N.O. (and we WILL be back-what an amazing city!), if we do not have a car with us, we will stay here, and if we do, then we will stay in the garden district, where parking is free and no problem.Overall, a very nice Hotel in a location that is close to the French Quarter. I would recommend for all travelers, honeymooners included. We were on our honeymoon, and found it to be romantic. Look for good rates on hoteldiscounts.com and travelocity.com, where it is usually $69 a night. Also, don't go to Mother's restaurant, it's overpriced and the food isn't very good, a tourist trap!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place Booked this off the internet and it was better than pictured. Great rooms, great location, great help!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

