<Author>a1cheung
<Content>Highly Recommended! Excellent Service  We found a $198 winter deal for Hotel 41 At Time Square on the web and decided to spend our first night in Manhattan in this hotel. The price was considered a bargain for Manhattan during the December holiday period. We arrived in the evening in the middle of heavy snowy weather. The doorman was extremely good in helping us unloading our luggage and taking us to our room. Going in the hotel resembles entering a night club than a hotel, with retro dance music resonating from the restaurant on the ground floor. However, unlike a typical club, the front desk staff member was extremely friendly. The lady warmly welcomed us to the hotel like we were part of the family. There were free magazines at the front desk (including TimeOut 鈥?a must for any NYC stay), newspaper provided, plus complimentary water for the stay, and free DVD hire if you don鈥檛 feel like venturing outside for a movie. Breakfast is also included, with a good quality selection of pastries, bagels, and breakfast drinks.We stayed in the standard double suite. The room, as expected for a boutique Manhattan hotel, was a lot smaller than the typical standard hotel room. However, with the high ceiling and excellent interior design, we did not feel claustrophobic. The room was also very clean and fresh, and the bathroom appears to have relatively new amenities, with glass shower panels and modern mixers in both the shower and the hand basin. The hotel also provide guest with an array of Aveda bath products for you to use, too! It is like a 鈥渂udget鈥?hotel with luxury.The staffs were very attentive. We were about to walk outside for dinner and realise it was snowing heavily. The lady at the front desk quickly pullout two hotel umbrellas for us! They were also very helpful when we were enquiring about nearby restaurants and how to go to point A to point B through the subwayIt is an excellent place to stay if you seek convenience and excellent staff service. It is situated in Time Square in midtown, so it is close to everything, including food, cinema, theatre, and night life. Each 鈥渂lock鈥?in Manhattan is not too far from each other, so if you are like us who prefer to walk, the hotel is less than 10 blocks from Herald Square where Macy鈥檚 and the Empire State Building stand. Shopping heavens 5th Avenue and Madison Avenue (go to 5th Ave and walk towards the 50s streets for all the luxury goods) is also 10 blocks or so away. Otherwise, the subway station is 2 minutes walk away. Ask the knowledgeable front desk staffs if you any questions.Do book well in advance 鈥?we were keen to stay there again but it was booked out for the rest of the month!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Landarc
<Content>Wonderful We had a wonderful stay at Hotel 41.We were greeted the first time and each time we entered lobby with smiles and greetings.The freebies with breakfast was a nice treat and savings in NYC.We enjoyed the excellent location to times square and everything.It was a very good value and the staff made us feel at home!We highly recommend !  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MBDK
<Content>Great location - small room! Very small room, but OK value for the money. The location is perfect!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>maccasdvds
<Content>Hotel 41 - what a gem! Well, what a fantastic hotel. Before i arrived i had emailed them to see if i could get an upgrade(to a superior room for free) for my wife and i as it was our anniversary. When we turned up not only had they upgraded us for free, but also the other couple we were travelling with got upgraded. This hotel is so close to times square, about 40 yards from where the ball drops in times square every new year's eve, but being on a side street, it was very quiet. Check in was quick and easy, they give you a free bottle of water each. We stayed in room 201 and 202. these rooms face out onto the main street. the rooms are clean and ok in size, you get a double bed, writing desk, full size fridge and 2 bedside units that are wall hung. The air conditioning unit blows out hot and cold air as you wish via the digital thermostate on the wall. There is also a built in double wardrobe with drawers beneath. In the bathroom it is very clean, wash hand basin, toilet, double shower and hairdryer - very good. The aveda toiletries get replenished every day (inc sun) and these are shampoo, conditioner and moisturising lotion (excellent on the feet after a long day walking!). Downstairs in bar 41, the breakfast is served daily with free hot drinks until 4pm from a self service machine. We booked with expedia and booking was on a no breakfast booking, but when we turned up at the hotel they said breakfast was included - result! - nobody checked anyway. Breakfast consisted of danish pastries, bagels, croissants, water, orange juice and coffee. latte, cappa, hot chocolate etc... in the evenings on a week night beware of the bar as it gets verey very crowded, the queue is like 3 deep to get a drink as all the workers pile in there as it is happy hour for several hours.Would I return - without a doubt. Location, cleanliness and the staff make this a wonderful hotel. If you are worried about room sizes, dont be - im used to staying in suites in dubai where they are huge and the room sizes here are fine! if you want to stay in your room all the time... stay at home.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Danyazty
<Content>Superb!!!! THIS IS A FANTASTIC HOTEL, there was nothing we could find to complain about, staff very very friendly and helpful, room very clean with all you need, and a lovely size, we were upgraded when we arrived which was a lovely surprise, the most comfortable bed i have ever slept in which was needed after a day walking round New York shopping and sightseeing, The breakfast was perfect as well, and the location couldnt be any better right in Times Square, will be recommending this hotel to anyone who wants to go to New York.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kelsonhoff
<Content>Great little hotel Stayed one night on a Friday. Booked the superior room which is a little larger. Great room, neat bar off the lobby where we had a light dinner. Very friendly staff throughout and a free continental breakfast to boot. Can't beat the location in you want Times Square. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DubN
<Content>Fantastic! Stayed in Hotel 41 for 4 nights and had a fantastic time. It is SO central-there is a subway just across the road and it's around the corner from Times Square. The bar in the hotel is lovely and they have happy hour every day from 4-7pm which is nice after a day out in New York!! Breakfast is served in the bar every morning-muffins, bagels, coffee, juice etc which fills you up til lunch. The rooms are compact but clean and the beds are really comfortable-that's all you need when you're out and about all day! The staff were so friendly. I wouldn't hesitate staying here again-it's fab! Just what you want in NYC.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>wilks
<Content>Great Stay at Hotel 41 Just got back from NYC and had a wonderful stay at Hotel 41. Check in was a breeze, was upgraded to a 'superior' room upon arrival. Lobby was very clean, lots of info at desk, can rent dvd's if you want. Very friendly.Yes, the rooms are small, but VERY clean, had everything we needed for the amount of time we actually spent in the room. We usually stay at the Hilton New York (sold out), so it was a change to be in a room so much smaller, but at the end of the day, it was fine. I would, however, be curious what a regular room was like... ours was superior and folks... it was small.I brought earplugs with me as I was a little concerned of street noise being steps from Times Square, but didn't need them. Even on Election night!! Window is double paned and has a great roller blind that blocks out the huge Red Lobster neon sign across the street. Only noise issue was heavy feet above us, but not complaining as it's an old hotel and to be expected.Continental breakie until 11am was simple but nice. Nothing wrong with a cup of coffee and a bagel to start your day off.As noted in other reviews, location is good. Central to everything.My only complaint is that we could smell smoke in the room - either coming through the vent in the bathroom or the aircon. We just opened the window for a few minutes to air the room out. It may have been minor, but neither of us smoke, so it was noticable for us.We didn't eat at the hotel at all, other than the breakfast, so can't comment much on the food.I would consider staying at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TicinoMoLo
<Content>Perfect stay! We had a perfect stay in NY! The hotel is located 2 minutes away from Times Square and to the subway. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Our room wasn't big at all but no big deal for us! Despite the location, there was no noise coming from outside. Bathroom and room were very clean and provided with Aveda products. Breakfast was simple but good. We'll go back for sure!!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ali2503
<Content>Loved Hotel 41 This was my first trip to New York and i wanted a nice hotel. Somewhere clean, safe, great location and not to basic, as it was a romantic getaway. I booked a superior room (can't judge as i haven't seen the standard rooms, other than the photo's provided by other travellers) but this was definately worth the extra money we paid, something like 拢70 extra on the total bill. The room was clean, more than big enough and the bathroom had a nice shower. Our room was directly above the lobby looking out onto Times Square. (room 1, second floor) Never thought in a million years we would get a view in Times Square (i filled out the notes section on the booking form asking for a view) Just shows if you don't ask, you don't get!!! All the staff were really friendly and helpful and the free breakfast was really good. Selection of pastries, juice  coffee. Can't fault the cleanliness, no funny smells and strangely we heard no real noise, even though we were above the bar and facing the street. The hotel itself is just on a small sidestreet of Times Square, this worked out perfectly. You can see all the crazy action from the the hotel doors but the throngs of people don't come down by the hotel itself. I was nervous about what i would find when i got to this hotel but i wasn't disappointed. It seems like crazy money compared to what you could get at home for the same cost but that's the reality with New York, you pay alot for something basic. I wouldn't bother paying more at a fancy hotel, as you are never in your room for more than showers  sleep. I will definately be going back to Hotel 41 (Superior Room) I hope you enjoy it as much as we did.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ken57
<Content>Hotel 41 was perfect       room 401  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kizzyfife
<Content>Great little hotel Yes our room was small, but you do not come to New York to stay in the room all day.The hotels cleanliness and the staffs' helpfulness and friendliness more than made up for the lack of room space.Our room was on 41street side of the building and was very quiet.The location of this hotel is perfect for the sites of New York; 2 minutes walk from Times Square etc.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SunnyMcBunny
<Content>Expedia users beware... After having read some great reviews of the Hotel 41 at Times Square, i booked a room for one night through Expedia (Travel Now). When i checked in, the clerk warned me that the room would be small because i booked through Expedia. The room (Room 503) was about 7 feet wide! My closet at home is bigger! For the rest, it was great - clean, fantastic location, no complaints there and presumably the rest of their rooms are bigger. But this is the first time that i've run across a situation where I was getting less because i used Expedia. Something to think about....i guess i got what i paid for - room was $179 before tax....  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>warjac
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Location  My wife and I have recently returned from a wonderful two week vacation in New York City. This was our 8th trip to New York and have always stayed in Midtown Manhattan.This was the first time we stayed at Hotel 41 and I can assure you it will not be the last.The Hotel 41 is a fantastic small hotel located just off of Time Square. The rooms are small but very clean and quiet..Our room was air conditioned and came with a small fridge and in-room safe. Our bathroom very modern and clean.In the morning you can help yourself to a continental breakfast, coffee and/or juice. Breakfast is in the Bar 41.The staff (ALL STAFFl) are all professional, courtious and very helpful. They definitely made us feel wanted.This was our most enjoyable trip to New York partly because of our accomodations and the way we were treated by the staff at Hotel 41.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RosaFleur
<Content>The room was just too small I stayed in this hotel for one night this summer and I have to say that in spite of the rave reviews I read here, the room was just too darn small. I had booked for two people, and in my opinion we should never have ended up in the glorified closet we were given. Even though the place is somewhat of a bargain at about $290 including tax, I would have moved somewhere else if I'd been staying more than one night. And as far as the great Times Square location goes, that is not an advantage, again, in my opinion. Too congested and noisy. Oh, and the lights in the room and tiny bathroom are maddeningly dim. On the plus side, that staff is very nice and the breakfast satisfying and comfortable. Good coffee.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	4	4	2	

<Author>frenchtra
<Content>Good Place I stayed there 8 nights. You are perfectly located in the heart of Broadway and very close from subway.Rooms are very small but very convenient and it should be one of the best ratio quality/price. Complimentary breakfast is enough to have a good start before a walking day, people are all nice and very helpfull. You can upgrade for various size of bed and rooms depending on your wallet. Nothing to say about cleanness, it is what you await for.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Cypbrit
<Content>Hotel 41, a hidden gem Like many Brits, we booked a 4 day stay in NYC. After looking at the reviews and comparing prices we decided to stay at Hotel 41. The location is outstanding, just about 100 yards from Times Square, but just as important, not within earshot. We had a superior room that lived up to its name in all but size. I suspect from our own experience and reading several reviews that most rooms at hotel 41 are on the small side. Please do let this deter you from visiting what is truly a reasonably priced and extreemly friendly hotel. We had absolutely no problems with check in/check out, our room was maintained superbly and the bathroom/restroom was always cleaned to a very high standard. We visited NYC in July and on some days the temperature was around 100c and the humidity was overpowering to most Brits, but the A/C did its job and we rested perfectly. The hotel staff always met us with a smile and nothing was too much trouble. The breakfast (included in the price) was simple but very filling. The hotel bar was also well stocked and bar prices in general were OK. When you add the close proximity to Times Square to the excellent service on offer, you can see why this is such a little gem. For Brits touring NYC for the first time, try the uptown and downtown loop open deck bus tours which will ensure that you see all the sights. You can then choose which attractions you want to see as staying for only a few days will not give you enough time to visit them all. Macy's also provides enough shopping to keep the other half more than happy. Good time - you bet.........  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DaveyM44
<Content>Perfect Location and Wonderful Staff       Hotel 41  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>n8tivecaligirl
<Content>Love it! We stayed for one night but wished it was longer!Great compact hotel, very efficient use of space (i.e. rooms are small)Next to RENT the Musical (Closes Sept 7th). Literally 2 min walk to times square. one block from the train/bus depot.Same block as the NY times building.We would LOVE to stay there again.room was comfortable, breakfast was VERY simple:Croissants, muffin, bagel and coffee and juice. Staff very helpful with all of our questions. Just an FYI when going to JFK take a cab or leave very early to take the train. what would have been 45 min-1 hour on the train took 2 hours so we missed our flight.I can't wait to go back and stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>quillwriter
<Content>A Friendly Oasis Hotel 41 was fantastic. An oasis of quiet and friendliness in Times Square. Located on 41st between 7th and 8th, it's not far from Penn Station or Times Square.The staff was helpful and friendly. The room was small, like a hotel room in Paris might be, but impeccably clean and comfortable, with nice touches like Aveda soaps and such. A nice, simple, continental breakfast, served in the hotel's tiny bar, rounded out the stay. And the price was less expensive than other area hotels that my company recommended. If you want views, this ain't it. But that's not what I go to NYC for.I have already written to the hotel to tell them that our next trip in, we will stay with them again.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sjoeberg
<Content>Central location, clean rooms and service minded staff Service minded staff, small but clean room, very close to the subway - no problem in going with subway from airport to the hotel. A nice little hotel where the staff was very kind and helped out with relevant information to get the most of the stay in NY. If you want to be in the middle of the city life - this is the place to stay :-)  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>smartquest
<Content>good choice cleanliness, location and good price are the main thing here. Located at Times Square, the center of new york, a hub to any place you want to go in Manhattan. The room was very small but spotless, nice linen and pillows. The continental breakfast is good and enough to start the morning, very attentive staff, many of them speak English and Spanish. The only thing that bother was that the A/C unit is to big for the size of the room so it is noisy at night.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tessak_SA
<Content>Perfect Location I stayed here just before Xmas 2007, and found the hotel to be fantastic. Close to Times Square and the bus station, and within walking distance from Central Park and Macys. Yes, the rooms were on the small side (and i had been upgraded), but the facilities were clean and nice amenities - and who stays in their room anyway? Only real complaint was that the music from the bar downstairs filtered up, but even then it seemed to quieten down after midnight.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jaw914
<Content>Great .........but, WAY small The room we had on the 3rd floor, was the smallest hotel room I've ever seen in my life!!!! BAR NONE!!!!!!!Having said that........they treated us wonderfully and had every amenity. Even had a nice Continental breakfast included in the price.The location is great, as you can walk anywhere and have access to many taxicabs as well.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	2	2	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tipheny
<Content>Great Little Hotel!!       TV/DVD Combo  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jessamine54
<Content>Very Dissapointed Our stay at Hotel 41 was a big dissapointment, ground floor very shabby, rooms where small, a fridge doubled as a bed side table, had little sleep due to noise throughout the night from refuse collectors and a busy distribution centre opposite. We could not see any wheelchair access and this was requested before our visit, but had no reply from Hotel 41.Whilst having breakfast a large Cockroach made an appearance from under the table, needless to say we did not finish our meal and we did not eat there again.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarriedInNYC
<Content>Small but perfectly formed This was our second trip to New York and also our second to Hotel 41.The rooms are small but beautiful. The location is amazing, the staff are helpful and polite, the breakfast adequate. I like the fact it's a small and quiet place with a real safe feel, even though it's just around the corner from the hugely busy Times Square. I can't imagine we'll ever stay anywhere else in NYC!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>UJ99
<Content>What a delight! After a long train ride from Rochester, it was a quick 5 minute walk from Penn Station to the Hotel. We checked in and they had our reservation immediately to hand. For unknown reasons (but to our benefit) they upgraded us to the Penthouse! The staff were very friendly and accomodating, and efficient. We were given free bottled water (nice brand in glass bottles!) and made our way to the room. 3Wow! In-room safe (big enough for a laptop), nice flat panel TV, gorgeous bathroom (two sinks, my wife was thrilled), robes, and a small deck out back, with nice furniture. Not much of a view, except of surrounding buildings, but really nice for a warm summer evening. The bed was clean, and very comfortable - best nights sleep I have had in a hotel in a long time. We enjoyed a very nice continental breakfast (bagels, muffins, danish, toast, OJ). Nothing fancy, but this is one of the few hotels I looked at that gave you ANYTHING for breakfast. The Bar area and the lobby are very chic and sophisticated. Again, the staff at checkout were very nice, friendly and answered questions we had without making us feel rushed or as if we were imposing. The location is fantastic; steps away from Times Square, 5 minutes from Penn Station and MSG, 20 minutes walk to the village. Our only regret? We only stayed one night! I can't wait to go back and stay here, for a much longer stay. And the price just can't be beat. I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. If for a future trip to NYC the Hotel 41 is booked up, I would consider changing the dates of my trip!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DSJUK
<Content>Disapointed Although our rooms were very clean they were too small for anything other than single occupancy. Also the quality of the double glazing meant a restful sleep was impossible.The Reception and Bar/Dining areas were dark, well worn and grubby although the included continental breakfast was OK.However we ceased eating at the hotel after a large Cockroach strolled from under our table!The location is good if you really want to be in the centre of things as it is seconds away from Times Square, Broadway etc.Overall though, we were disapointed and will stay elsewhere next time in NY.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	2	2	

<Author>TCarmichael
<Content>Comfortable and Convenient The hotel was easy to get to from the airport via the subway as there is a station opposite - and on the return the helpful concierge booked a taxi for me.Our room - a superior one as i remember - was clean and very comfortable with TV, free WIFI, a nice bathroom and lots of free bottles and lotions. The hotel was clean and well attended; breakfast was included in our deal and was a basic but satisfactory - bagels, croissants, muffins, tea, coffee, juice etc - and set us up well for a long day in the city.only problem was the light/noise from Time Square was quite evident in our room despite the black out blind. had we not been so tired from jet lag/walking about all day, we would have had some trouble sleeping.also as it is slap bang in the centre - so perfect for the theatre etc - there were no cheap little resaurants or bars to discover etc.Overall it was clean, comfortable and ideal for our 3 day stay.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>nisaq
<Content>Great hotel, great location!! We stayed at the Hotel 41 NYC for 2 nights during June 2008 and had a great time!The location is fantastic- you're virtually opposite Times Sq and very close to the theatre district (Rent is playing right next door).We were upgraded to a superior room- and the room was great-a decent size (for NYC!) and very clean and well maintained.As part of our package, we also had breakfast included- a great way to start the day and we had a choice of bagels and various pastries.The staff are also very friendly and helpful and made us feel very welcome.I would definately stay here again when I next visit NYC!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jeph21
<Content>In the heart of Manhattan If you want to be in the center of it all, and don't need a hotel room for much other than sleeping and getting cleaned up, this is the hotel for you. Below is a list of pro's and con's from my experience here.PRO's- The hotel, the room, and the bathroom were incredibly clean.- The staff were very, very friendly and helpful.- The price was great for the location.- Continental breakfast was included. CON's- My room was incredibly tiny and dark (I was on the side, and the window looked out to a brick wall next door) there was no natural light.- I was right by the elevator, so I could hear it at points though the night.- Climate was hard to control, and the air conditioner was really loud (right beside the bed.)If Times Square is your thing, I would recommend the hotel to you, although next time I am in the city I will probably opt to stay somewhere a bit further away, and a bit larger.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>vvvkkk
<Content>Wonderful hotel for theatre goers!       Front Facade  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ljmelbin
<Content>It's a mixed bag I travel to NYC for work on a regular basis, and was a bit disappointed by Hotel 41. The first room I was shown to was a tiny box with a tiny window looking out to the air conditioning unit - dark as dark can be. I requested a room change, and was moved to the front where I had natural light and a view of the hotel sign. It was clean, serviceable, and tiny. The staff was pleasant without being particularly warm, but was always available. The food in the restaurant was very good. I found that the desk couldn't even accomodate my laptop - that was a bit frustrating. I ended up working on my bed which was not comfortable. As a place to stay for pleasure - it's clean, safe, fine. Would not recommend for work.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	4	2	

<Author>saintvikki
<Content>Loved The Hotel As others have said the rooms are small,but who in there right mind would stay in their room for their trip,when you have so much to see and do!Anyway onto the room itself-It was on the third floor,not too near the elevator/lift and very quiet. For all the people that where complaining about the AC in the rooms,you could have just switched it off if it was that bad! The room was very clean,(Cleaned every morning,as with the bathroom) Though the carpet was a bit worn,the bathroom was also very clean,and I remember reading someone moaning about the shower water being cold....There is a temperature gage on the wall right next to the light switch.(Or you could have just let the hot tap on the sink run for a while)All in all a great stay was had by both of us,and I would recommend this hotel to anyone who are planning to stay in New York.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>traveloften70
<Content>This Hotel is a little gem in a great city Hubby and I stayed at Hotel 41 in Times Square from 12 may unto 16 May. What a wonderful experience. The room was quite small. The cleanliness was excellent...the room was serviced every day and the towels changed too. The breakfast was a nice extra and was delicious. The staff were friendy and helpful. I shall be recommending this hotel to all my friendsB T Woodward.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mommato5
<Content>GREAT hotel, spotless, at the center of EVERYTHING!!!!!! This was our first trip to NYC and we had heard horror stories from numerous friends about the lack of cleanliness and rudeness from their hotel stays. Well this was NOT the case at our hotel, HOTEL 41. We arrived on a Tuesday evening and after having our flight delayed then having to circle in the air for half and hour waiting to land we were exhausted. It was such a breath of fresh air once we stepped into the hotel. Our check-in process was extremely smooth and very quick!!! Our bellman even gave us 2 FREE tickets to see the Broadway show RENT that was playing next door!!! Also upon check-in we were given chilled bottles of water, which was very refreshing. Then on to our room, it was spotless and very nice!!!! We were pleasantly surprised! The rooms are small but comfortable. By the way, who comes to New York to sit around in a hotel room? Even though it was small, we never felt cramped. We loved the continental breakfast. It was such a great way to start the morning. Throughout our stay of 5 nights we asked for directions, recommendations on restaurants, taxi cabs and general information and everyone that we encountered was very helpful and friendly!!! As for the location, you couldn't ask for anything better! We were at the center of EVERYTHING!! We were literally steps away from Times Square, Broadway, shopping, numerous restaurants, and a subway station. We loved staying at Hotel 41 and highly recommend it. We can't wait to return!!!  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>boothybobble
<Content>Hotel 41 - Absolutley fab place highly recommedn it! Just been to Hotel 41 in New York City. What a fantastic place. The location is absolutley amazing, slap bang in the middle of NYC. A two minute walk to Times Square, a 15 minute walk to 34th Street and a 30 second walk to the subway! The people in the hotel are really friendly and helpful. The bar has a good atmosphere and the food is nice. As most of the reviews say the rooms are small but when you are in NYC there is so much to see all you need your room for is to sleep. The room is very clean.Overall brilliant and I would highly recommend it!  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Rocky_Racoon76
<Content>Highly recommended A friend recommended this place and, coupled with the good reviews on TripAdvisor, we decided to book our recent five night stay there. What an excellent choice! Firstly, the location is superb - being on Times Square (practically next door to one of the Times Square subway exits) close to all the Broadway theatres and Fifth Avenue shops. All of the sights in midtown Manhattan are easilly accessible (we walked most places) and there are plenty of good bars and restaurants nearby. The hotel is of the smaller boutique variety and, true, our sixth floor standard room was small and quite dark - owing to the fact that the view from the window was a brick wall (you could literally touch it). But unless you are someone who can't do without all the amenities offered by a large chain hotel please don't let this put you off (after all, how much time will you really spend in the room anyway?). Once we had settled we found that it was comfortable and adequately big enough for the two of us and our cases. More importantly it was clean, in good condition and (most surprisingly given the location) lovely and quiet. New York City may never sleep, but we did - like logs! Our en-suite bathroom was also spotless and had a lovely walk-in shower. Each morning a simple bagel and pastry breakfast was served downstairs in the bar area which was fine (and unexpected) and complementary tea / coffee was available until 16.00. Finally, each and every member of staff we encountered was friendly and helpful all the time.We has a great first visit to New York and I can't imagine us not going back again sometime. If and when we do, Hotel 41 will be first on our list of places to stay.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>lbrushton
<Content>Perfect for Times Square I was nervous about going to New York on my own and a young women but this hotel was perfect. the staff were all very friendly and could help with any queries. The rooms were clean and despite being in the middle of Times Square was undisturbed by noise!! Would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dougcope
<Content>Fabulous hotel, even better location! This was my first time going to New York City (my first to America as well I might mention), so I did a fair bit of research about the hotel I was going to stay in, I'm so glad I did!Me and my girlfriend went for a 5 night trip to NYC from London, UK and booked one of the standard rooms. When we arrived at the hotel the first thing that struck me was the absolutely amazing location, literally a block away from Times Square! We were also upgraded to a king suite facing from the front of the hotel for no extra charge!The hotel itself was perfect, not too expensive and with a stunning location. The staff were friendly and helpful, even helping us on our trip home by printing train times for us.I really don't have anything negative to say, the hotel and our room was spotless. After a hard days sightseeing we would always arrive back to our hotel room after it'd been completely cleaned with fresh bedding, towels and toiletries.I certainly plan to come back to NYC at some point in the future, when I do I will have absolutely no problem checking into this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Plan24
<Content>Excellent Choice I stayed at Hotel 41 for 6 nights as part of a business trip - and found it to be an excellent choice! The rooms are very small (I'm told this is normal for N.Y), but very clean and nicely decorated. The staff were lovely and the location was UNBELIEVEABLE! Don鈥檛 believe what you read about Time Square being unsafe - there鈥檚 a police station in the middle of the square, (they're happy to give directions as well as keep the peace), locals were friendly, and over-all evenings felt safer than in London. Transport links are fantastic (there are several metro lines literally across the road), and despite literally being in the heart of the city (theatres, shops, restaurants, bars and music venues everywhere you look) the rooms were very quiet. The only downside for me was that the breakfast room always had a few fruit flies around... (its a bit annoying trying to eat your croissant while batting them away!). Considering it was also one of the cheapest Hotels I came across though, I really cant recommend it highly enough. All in all an excellent choice. I would definately stay again.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>coisty71
<Content>Great Location and Hotel for a City Break We decided about a month ago to spend 4 days in New York and set about trying to locate a hotel on Manhattan island. Main issue we kept coming across was price - everything was in excess of $300 a night on average if you wanted a bathroom in your bedroom.We read the reviews on Hotel 41 and opted, having read the reviews and read the hotel website, to book online for Hotel 41. The price was around the $300 per night (just under) for the room including taxes. The rooms looked clean on the website.Arriving late we found the reception staff very helpful, welcoming and friendly. They quickly get you checked in and shown to your room. We were on the 6th floor (of 6) accessed from the one elevator - which I thought would be a pain waiting for it, but never was - it was quick and easy.The room (a superior) was better than I imagined, clean and well appointed. It had TV (with satellite tv including HBO) DVD player (and a range of DVDs at reception you can borrow - if for any reason there are not enough pursuits in NYC!!). The bathroom was also very clean, the shower was ok but seemed to take several minutes to heat up. The only issue we had was with the electrics in the room, where trying to get a pair of hair straighteners to power up via an adapter proved a real challenge. Charging cell phones was not an issue with the same adapter, but reception did advise to switch off a few things to see if that helped the flow of juice! Eventually it was resolved by carefully holding the adapter at an angle that did get some current. That was really the only issue.In the morning the hotel offers a free buffet breakfast for guests. This is plentyful and offers the chance to fill up for the day before full on sight seeing!The hotel location is absolutely superb. You are 2 minutes from Times Square yet W41 street is itself a quiet off-shoot from 7th Avenue. If you are going to NYC for a City Break then I really would recommend staying here. You have everything on your doorstep in terms of theatre district, subway access etc. You are also close enough to walk up to 9th Avenue/54 street where from here down to 7th Avenue 44st you have a vast selection of restaurants to choose from. I would recommend in particular those around 9th Avenue - where a 3 course meal for two with drinks can be had at a Thai / Italian / Mexican for around $70. The closer you get to 7th Avenue/Broadway/42nd Street - the more you get the chains such as TGI Fridays etc - where the food is not as good and the price goes up considerably. Stick to the small indepedent restaurants. Eating out is a norm for New Yorkers and competition is fierce hence great quality and price in these smaller less commercial eateries.You are also close to the ubiquitous bus tours. We chose the Blue bus - City Sights. For $49 we got a hop on / hop off tour of Downtown / Uptown, a nightbus tour (including a stop a Brooklyn bridge from the Brooklyn side to take photos of Manhattan skyline at night. This also came with a free ticket for the Circle line 2 hour ferry ride around the southern tip of Manhattan and back so you see the main sights. This was great value.I would thoroughly recommend the hotel - it is in a great location ($55 fare from JFK including tips and tolls - flat rate normally is $45 from JFK to anywhere on Manhattan). The staff are very friendly and the hotel offers value for money. By night, considering the location, the rooms are not noisy and we could not hear traffic in our room.All in all - ideal for City Break.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Lizk42
<Content>Perfect hotel for theatre trip I went to NY for the sole purpose of attending a couple of Broadway shows. Hotel 41 was perfect for that - on the lower end of cost (for New York); absolutely clean; courteous, FAST and organized front desk staff; nice Aveda toiletries; free continental breakfast (that was a bit on the lame side, just pastries and orange juice, but still, it was good to have); cable TV; a library of books and DVDs to borrow for free if you wanted. There was a fridge in the room, which I personally love b/c who wants to order room service every time you want a cold soda...and there were plenty of food shops in the area. They upgraded me to a superior queen room, which was perfectly fine for one person and would have been okay for two, but was small enough that I can see why other reviewers had serious problems with the standard room size. I think you just have to book the superior room if you're at all concerned. It's worth it. The carpet and bedding weren't what I would call luxurious...but clean, and I slept well, and wasn't expecting fancy. The room was quiet (mine was at the back of the hotel, lovely view of a brick wall out the window, but I appreciated no street noise). In terms of location, the genius of the whole thing is that you can now take the AirTrain/LIRR from JFK to Penn Station (40 minutes and $12 in rush hour!!!) which lets you out at 34th  7th, and the hotel is at 41st  7th. Easy walk. And all the theatres are within a few more blocks of the hotel (it's next door to the Nederlander). Booking directly on the hotel's website was the cheapest price I found, and I searched every travel site I know.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nickfaldo7
<Content>Loved it! We stayed at this hotel for about $250 per night ($300 after the normal fees). My wife and I loved it. Sure it was small, but it was very clean and you cannot beat the Times Square location. The staff was very friendly and the bed was comfortable. We also liked the cool bar downstairs. I would highly recommend this hotel to any middle-class tourists who plan on sight-seeing most of the time and only using their room as a home base and sleeping quarters.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>SeasonedSenior
<Content>Neat boutique hotel! I hate big conference hotels, so always seek out small places. The location within walking distance of Penn Station was the clincher. The reviews for Hotel 41 cautioned about room size and noise, so I was wary. I was greeted cheerfully by the young, knowledgeable staff, given my complimentary bottle of Saratoga spring water and told I'd been upgraded to a superior room. Unfortunately, it was on the second floor and on the street. My only other option was a smoking room [yuck!], so I rolled the dice. Turned out not to be an issue; the windows did a fine job keeping out the noise. The quality of the bed, linens, amenities, etc. was top shelf. Yes, the room, though an upgrade, was small, as was the bathroom. But perfectly fine for one person; I'm not sure I'd risk it for a couple. The complimentary continental breakfast provided great bagels, good OJ and coffee, free NY Times and a cheerful attendant. This is off the new and improved Times Square, so the only downside was having to thread your way through the throngs every night when returning. Note: I can't vouch for the standard rooms and I have a hunch some may not even have windows which could be a real downer. But I'd return again under similar circumstances. Signed, A well-traveled senior professional  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ShelG
<Content>Excellent value for money We have just returned from 4 nights at Hotel 41 Times Square. We arrived too early to check in, so the hotel stored our luggage for the day whilst we explored New York, when we came back later that evening to check in, we were pleased to find that the we had been upgraded to a queen superior room.Even this room was pretty small for a hotel room as others have commented, however it was clean and comfortable so I think it is very good value for money.There is a continental breakfast available betwen 7 amd 11am with a limited selection, most days we opted to have a big breakfast at a diner about 5- 10 minutes walk from the hotel called THe Red Flame. The food here was excellent.The best thing about the hotel was its fantastic location, right around the corner from Times Square and within walking distance of most of the major sites. The subway was literally across the road from the hotel, the station was the 42nd St Times Square station which has many of the major lines going through it so you can easily get to downtown or other areas.The staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful, one evening we asked for a recommendation for a local restaurant with a good selection for veggies and they suggested a Thai place called Pam Real Thai. It cost about $10 to get there in a cab due to traffic (we were too tired) to walk, and the food was outstanding!However, when we were checking out we asked the hotel about taxi fare back to JFK, and they recommended that we use their pre-bookable taxi service rather than hailing a taxi off the street as these taxis usually charge by the meter rather than a fixed fare. This was actually inaccurate as taxis from Mahattan to JFK are fixed at $45 we later found out.Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a clean, well located hotel and I would definitely staty here again.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marian13may2006
<Content>Very Small rooms but excellent location What the reviews say about the rooms being small is not a lie!!! Seriously over small rooms not really suitable for a couple who are intent on shopping, like we did!But, that said, if its a bed you are looking for then it is fine, all be it small. The room we had, however small, done the job for us. It was clean, bathroom was spotless, though the only view we had from our bedroom window was a brick wall. The bar downstairs was very convenient, esp the 1st night we arrived as it was very late and it was nice not to have to go too far for a night cap.Staff were very accomodating and helpful, no complaints there.The continental breakfast was adequate enough to get you started in the mornings. And as far as location goes, its excellent, right on the doorstep of Times Square.For short term visits I would definately recommend this hotel, even if the rooms are small. The time we spent in our room was minimal and while it was cramped, we made the most of it. It was clean and thats all that concerned us.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>GeorgefromMexico
<Content>If I wanted to be a monk...       The monastery celll...literally!!!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Mike45LC
<Content>Room The Size OF A Coffin For Two! I read the reviews on this Site. The most review stated:Rooms are very small, so i wouldn't recommended it if you're traveling with s lot of luggage (really, you wont fit!)... I took that with a grain of salt. I should not have!!When we arrived at the hotel, the bellman and desk clerk were very pleasant. When we were shown our room, we were astonished. The room was about one foot wider than the queen sized bed. Literally, there was no room to walk; you would have to climb into the bed from the foot of the bed and crawl up. How can housekeeping possible make the bed with so little room on the sides of the bed?With our luggage, we would NOT have fit into the room.We must not have been the first people to refuse the room, because the nice young lady at the front desk was not surprised. She tried to get us a more reasonable room, but unless we were willing to upgrade to a suite (at a cost of $150 more per night), there was nothing that she could do about the room size. We decided not to stay at Hotel 41, and we spent the next half hour calling around for another hotel.I liked the clerk and the bell man, but there is no way I would subject myself or another to this tiny little room. My tent has much more room, when I go camping!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>CSRE
<Content>Great!!!! Loved It This hotel was wonderful!!! location is the best for time square, staff cant be more helpful and bedding is outstandingly comfortable Rooms are very small, so i wouldn't recommended it if you're traveling with s lot of luggage (really, you wont fit!)... Breakfast is pretty poor, but enough to start the day and don't go out on an empty stomach.I really liked it this place and would go again and recommend it any time! I think they should get a little more diversity for breakfast, besides that, a big 10!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>linv10
<Content>A little gem When we arrived at the hotel, our room wasnt ready so our bags were checked in  we were given vouchers etc for Macys. So off we headed. I could not believe how close we were to everything. 2mins to Time Square, 10 mins max to Macys, Empire State etc. There is a subway station directly across the road for the majority of lines. Port Authority was 2 minutes walk. The breakfast was perfect ....set you up for the day ahead. Staff were all very friendly. We had a superior room which was perfect. Rooms cleaned every day with fresh towels etc... No complaints at all!!! If you're heading to New York I would definitely recommend Hotel 41.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ceejbee
<Content>Great hotel / great staff / great location Just got back from a week long stay in NYC. Found this hotel on the internet and decided to book direct based purely on the location. So glad I did.....Not only is the location great - just off 7th Ave - far enough away from the real noise of Times Square but close enough to it to easily get around, but the staff were excellent too.Upon arrival we had things clearly explained, we were given vouchers to attractions, shop discounts and their bar. During our stay all the staff were welcoming and helpful - it's often the little things that go along way. For example on one rainy evening they provided an umbrella for us to use, upon out return they gave us a DVD to watch in our room and they organised a car to take us and our friends (that weren't staying at the hotel) to the airport. They even looked after our luggage (and our friend's stuff too) once we had checked out until the car came along.Our room was clean and had all the things we would need. It was a little small but we were only sleeping there really!On arrival I thought we were going to be kept awake as the location really is central and the hotel is next door to a theatre where every night you had lots of people queueing for their show etc BUT to my surprise we had no noise at all.All in all this little hotel treated us well and we would go back there next time........bigger hotels and chain hotels could learn some things from the guys here!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lordogmore
<Content>The Best We travelled from Wales UK to New York to Hotel 41 at Times Square. The hotel was ideally situated for walking to many of the attractions. It was a small hotel and the staff were very friendly and helpful. The room was small( but okay for the two of us ) it was spotless with beautiful linen and adequate hanging /storage facilities.There was a large fridge, TV and DVD player. We particularly loved the breakfast with tea ,coffee ,orange juice a good selection of bagels cakes etc. there was also free coffee until 4pm. The meals/snacks at the bar are also very good with excellent service. We loved every minute and would love to go back there soon. Terry and Sandra Jones.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>evarett
<Content>PERFECT hotel in New York - in all ways!       Great washroom!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>L-VBrighton
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location!! I have just returned from 04 nights here and had a FABULOUS time! I had read the reviews so I knew that the rooms were small however I was upgraded on arrival to a superior room and these were a decent size. The staff here are warm and friendly, the rooms clean, tidy and warm and the Bar was great especially during Happy Hour. The location was fantastic so if you are here to experience NY both day and night you cannot go wrong with this hotel. I am a travel agent so I did a lot of research before I booked this for myself and I would definately recommend it to my friends!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LimpingButWalking
<Content>It's Friggin Freezing, Mr. Bigglesworth No question the location is a jewel - literally next door to the theater where Rent is performed. We're talking 7th and West 41st here. On a pleasant day, you really can walk fro Penn Station. The hotel is 8 blocks due north. The staff is very pleasant, but when you enter you know this is a younger crowd who works here as the lounge is ungodly loud. I mean ungodly loud. I fled to my 3rd floor room. I had been warned the rooms were small, and they are: 10 x 10. My suitcase barely fit through. The room was in strong need of repainting as scuff marks and peeling pain were evident. The room was very cold and no matter what temperature I set the thermostat at, the room never got above 65 degrees. Space is tight, so the TV and DVD player are mounted high on the wall. There is a mini fridge in the room, although I don't understand why. This isn't the kind of a hotel you'd stay more than a night or two. There is no bathtub, only an open glass-wall shower, and the shower head is approximately 10' above floor level. So, you can't adjust it. There is a storage are for your clothes, it's compact but well organized and has a complimentary safe. There are no black-out drapes, only vinyl roll blinds and hanging curtains. The desk is glass, so if you bring any bluetooth mice or keyboards - better have something to put down underneath them or forget using them! There is no wifi access at the hotel; but the wired internet access is free, fast, and very reliable. The chair is a small, wooden desk chair and very uncomfortable. There's not a tremendous number of electrical outlets in the room, but there were enough for me to power two laptops and charge my cell phone and headset without tripping. I ordered room service one night which was very quick and the food was very, very hot. The continental breakfast service consists of rolls and bagels in the morning with assorted beverages.It's a good place for a night, and possibly better if you're by yourself. It's simply too small for more than one person to be comfortable. The staff is excellent and despite the noise level, the lounge does a very good room service.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>khloee
<Content>Great Stay, Will Go Again! My boyfriend and I decided to go to nyc during the busiest time of the year, for new years and wanted to be in the middle of everything...so time square was perfect and so was hotel 41! staff was super friendly, and the room was not perfect but good enough. i read reviews beforehand of how small the rooms were, and trust me they are not lying...however for 2 people it is fine, and you are so busy sightseeing that trsut me your room is good enough to sleep in. whatever hotel 41 lacks in square footage they make up in location. you are located in the heart of it all, and next to 3 subway stations. however dont expect a view, because you have a huge building right in front of you, even though pick it! you will enjoy it!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ExcellentAdventurers
<Content>What a find! Not a 5 Star, but one of the best boutiques in NYC, especially for the $. Perfect for the single, couple, or business traveler. OK, no pool, no exercise room, small lobby. But what a great coffee bar! And the essentials are there: rooms (small but comfortable) are clean. Location is right off Times Square, next to Rent, corner of 7th and 41st. Staff friendly and helpful. If you don't like NYC background noise, avoid the 2nd floor (above the bar), since the sound filters through a little - but - hey! - it's Times Square! On business: a perfect midtown business location. On holiday: a perfect midtown tourist location. Good enough comp breakfast, maid service was good, TV with HBO, cotton robe in bath, and (a MUST for me) free in-room (wired) internet! That clinches it....I'll be back on my frequent visits to the city....Love this place!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>escotilha
<Content>Great Location and Friendly Staff I booked the hotel thru Expedia after reading the various reviews, and was pleasently surprised with what we found. We spent 4 days and were very well taken care of by the friendly staff. I you are looking for location, clean and tidy rooms and friendly staff, this is the place.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>TravelingJess333
<Content>Small, Clean, and Great Location We paid $150 for this hotel on Expedia. I was a little worried because I have been to NYC many times and had never seen or heard of this hotel. It is small, but it is clean and modern. The rooms are tiny, but if you're staying in your room, you're doing something wrong.We got there at 10:30 a.m. from our flight and the hotel greeted us with excellent service and actually upgraded us to the superior room at no charge. We got to go into our room right away, too. The hotel offers FREE BREAKFAST. This was not advertised anywhere, but it was a huge surprise and saved us $35 every morning. The breakfast is just bagels and danishes with coffee and juice, but who's complaining.The rooms have thin walls, but the hotel was quiet. Others who have complained about the bar noise had an experience much different than ours. We stayed on a Friday night on the 2nd floor, right above the lobby, and had no problems at all.I'd recommend this hotel, but I wouldn't pay more than $150 per night to stay there. It is clean and super convenient (Times Square is about 10 steps away), but it feels like a grown-up hostel inside.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ilovecheese
<Content>Cant Beat the Location This place is great - RIGHT beside time Square, you couldn't ask for a better location. The staff are all really really friendly and helpful and the lobby and bar area are small but very nicely decorated.The rooms are teeny weeny but well kitted out and simply but nicely decorated. They have a DVD player in each room and you can borrow DVDs from the lobby for freethe free breakfast of bagels, coffee and pastries was fresh adn tasty every morning.Only thing I would say is it is not suitable for more than a few days or if you are not travelling light. There are 2 drawers for storage and absolutely zero floor space so everything has to be packed away every night. I dont think you could stay here if you were going to NY for a week or more. But for a couple of days I cant fault the place!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Fluffy_BunnyLondon
<Content>Don't bother Honestly? It was absolutely awful. I am not sure why some other reviews rave about this hotel, because other than the central location, there is nothing to rave about. Where do I start?We booked into a standard room, and it was TINY. It made me feel claustropbic just being in there, and the view was of a brick wall. The bed was so small that my husband didn't fit on it, his legs hung off the end (ok, he is 6 foot 2) so we immediately upgraded to a room with a queen bed, which was slightly larger, and the bed was an ok size.However even with this new room, we regretted booking this hotel. I was freezing at night, and had to sleep in clothes, waking up in the night to put more layers on. The heater did work, but 20 minutes after turning it on we were stiflingly hot, and the air was so dry it was horrible. We were put on a smoking floor (which we agreed to, anything to get away from room 1!) which smelt horrible. There was no kettle in the room, only one bathrobe, the alarm clock was over the other side of the room as there were no sockets next to the beds, no bath etc, basically, very much a no frills hotel.The rooms were noisy and we could hear all the other guests moving about in their rooms. Some of the staff were good, but I found others unhelpful.Maybe I'm being fussy, but I really didn't enjoy New York as much as I could have because of my stay here. Never again.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>MilesColtrane
<Content>Never Again Don鈥檛 be fooled by the other reviews here. Either these people have pretty low standards or stayed at a different hotel than I did.In a word, this hotel is a 鈥減it.鈥?Sure, there are Aveda soaps in the bathrooms and the staff is dressed in black. But that doesn鈥檛 make it 鈥渃hic,鈥?鈥渓uxury,鈥?鈥渂outique,鈥?or any other posh sounding word you want to use. As someone once said, 鈥淵ou can鈥檛 just put lipstick on a pig.鈥?br/>I stayed here on December 6th because the busy holiday season resulted in the Sofitel - my normal domicile while in the city 鈥?being sold out. I saw this property on a supposedly 鈥渓uxury鈥檚 best web site鈥?(gayot.com), went to the hotel site, somewhat liked what I saw, read some reviews here, and then booked. I was in a hurry and I suppose I should have suspected something when even the Westin was $800 for a normal room and this was $450.The place is nasty. There are stains on the carpet 鈥?what little there is because the rooms are so tiny. The TVs (with the exception of the Penthouse Suites) are old tube style numbers mounted on brackets in the corner of room creating a nice hospital ambiance. There was hair all over my room and it reeked of bleach 鈥?I guess a good thing.I was only in the city for one night and wouldn鈥檛 even be in my room that long. But a room flavors the trip and I couldn鈥檛 stand it. As soon as I checked into my 鈥淪uperior Queen,鈥?I knew I wasn鈥檛 staying there. It was utterly depressing and reminded me of something out of a bad movie. I upgraded to the Penthouse Suite which while much more spacious was only marginally better in quality. More space and more furniture mean more stains all over every imaginable surface area 鈥?the blinds, the walls, the bed spread, the carpet, the furniture. To make matters worse, my room had a balcony and it was freezing! Turning up the heat that night did no good鈥 slept in my clothes.The best part, and I mean the best part, occurred at 6am the next morning. I had a 9:45am flight out of JFK and planned to get there plenty early just to be gone from the hotel. The Delta Crown Room would be heaven comparably. I didn鈥檛 have to get dressed as I had slept in my clothes. I normally take a morning shower but just couldn鈥檛 bear the thought of using the bathroom. So I went downstairs to have some coffee at the bar (one of the free hotel 鈥渁menities鈥?. In the elevator, right on the floor without any plastic sheet below them were all the new linens and towels to be used that day. Right on the elevator floor! I am an admitted clean freak but I think this site would have been enough to make anyone think twice about staying here. I want as little touching me that touches the NYC pavement as possible. I commented about this site to the front desk and the gentlemen working there even agreed with me that it did not look that great to guests.If I had more time, I would have surely checked out and paid whatever astronomical price I had to in order to not stay at this hotel. Never again.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>adings
<Content>Great location and value Just returned from 4 night stay to celebrate my partners 40th, was slightly nervous when got to the hotel after reading other reviews, however no need to worry, staff are great, room was certainly small but v.adequate for this sort of trip with minimum time spent sleeping. The view was as described - a brick wall, but who cares! Hotel bar was really pleasant. We were given 2 free tickets to see Rent the first evening of the stay, great seats. Only thing I would say is keep the thermostats in the bathroom and bedroom low during the night, the heating system is noisy. Location was fantastic, 2 minutes to time square, including the graylink bus stop, 5 minutes to 5th av etc etc. Used super shuttle to get from airports and again no regrets, great value and can't imagine any slower than cabs, although did get us to teh sirport very early for the return flight. Would certainl use again if returned to New York  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Debbie10s
<Content>LOVE this hotel! Hotel 41 is the best hotel in NYC. The staff is wonderful, the rooms meticulously clean, and the location is superb. It is our home away from home when we are in NYC. Try it, you won't find any better!!!!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>guyinkc
<Content>Great hotel, great location The staff are always pleasant and 'on'. It is a pleasure to stay at Hotel 41. This hotel is one of my favorites in New York City. Located on 41st Street just steps from Times Square, this boutique property provides excellent service, competitive rates and a central location to subways, parks, shopping, Midtown, Chelsea and Hell's Kitchen.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>greggster72
<Content>Brilliant location !! Very very clean       View from room to Tmes Square  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Jaimed
<Content>Great little Hotel This is a great place to stay if you are in New York to sight see. It was the perfect place to crash after being out all day. We had a room on the 3rd floor at the back of the hotel and so didnt hear the traffic outside at all. The staff are really helpful and very friendly. Yes the rooms are small and we had up graded to a superior room after reading the reviews on trip advisor and i am glad that we did. The room was still not big at all but was enough space for the 2 of us for 5 days. New York is great and i would definately stay at Hotel 41 again as the location in perfect!!!!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>kezju
<Content>Great hotel, friendly staff All NY hotels seem pricey, especially the well located ones. Hotel 41 was in the mid price range, well located for subway, sightseeing and shows. V. friendly and helpful staff. Room was small as everyone said, but was always clean, well maintained and had all amenities needed for those who wanted safe place to crash after a hard day's touring. Complimentary breakfast a bonus for those not hell bent on stuffing themselves before lunchtime!! Would advise booking a superior room.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TripAdvisor1
<Content>Adequate hotel in central location The location is smack bang in the heart of it all, but then you do pay for it as the hotel is quite expensive for an ok product. The rooms are small and the smell of cigarette can be overpowering, it wafts through the corridor. Even the bath towels smelt of stale cigarette smoke. The service is just ok. The hotel is located just around the corner from major tour bus operator, Broadway, ample restaurants, coffee shops and retail shops. I probably wouldn't stay here again as for the price I didn't think it offered real value for money other than very central location, however if we went back to New York I wouldn't stay in Times Square at all. Do yourself a favour and stay in Greenwich Village and just visit Times Square, it will be more than enough.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HappyHolidaysBristol
<Content>Good Hotel - Great Location Like others, after booking cheap flights, we were surprised at the prices of New York hotels. This one, while still quite expensive, was reasonably priced for New York.The hotel is excellently located just off Times Square with a sub way station opposite so really convenient for all sightseeing.Having read how small the rooms were in other reviews we decided to upgrade to a superior room. The room was good, very clean and comfortable and certainly big enough. There wasn't much of a view and the air con unit was slightly noisy but after all who goes to New York to stay in the hotel room all day! Inclusive breakfast was a bonus and while only a basic continetal breakfast of pastries, bagels, coffee and fruit juice was enough to start you off for the day.The staff were friendly and very helpful, helping us find our way around and booking us a car to the airport. The hotel bar seemed very popular in an evening - however noise didn't affect us a we were on the 5th floor. It might be worth requesting a room on an upper floor to avoid any noise though. I'd certainly go back to this hotel if we go to New York again.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Italiafan
<Content>Good location Booked Hotel 41 after reading other reviews. When we booked our cheap flights to NYC and then checked hotel prices we had not realised how expensive they were. This hotel sounded good although we still thought it was bit pricey (but it was cheaper than others!). It was worth it - hotel is friendly and room was clean. We arrived very late at night and first room we were given was very small and looked out on the AC well - a solid brick wall(bit like opening the window onto a chimney flue). We aked for a swap and although we got moved to a room overlooking street, it was bigger and brighter and on 6th floor -noise was not too bad. Bed was heaven, great sheets and nice products. Room still not that big but was kept spotlessly clean. Hotel staff helped with bookings for a show (got tickets for Rent which is showing next door, for 1/2 price). Hotel Bar is very noisy. Complimentary coffee was nice. Location is excellent if you want to be central.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>monkeyidz
<Content>Don't In a word, rubbish. Granted, my stay was brief, but it just left a bad taste.I checked in late, about 10pm, after a long train ride. It鈥檚 a very small and very dark reception and in keeping with this theme, the staff were cold in terms of the welcome they gave me. The room I was given was minute, even for NYC standards, had some kind of generator or industrial AC just outside the window that was as noisy as a 747, and the view was a brick wall no more than a foot away. Added to that it was right opposite the lift, so I had to suffer that pinging and revellers noisily stumbling out of it all night too. By the time I had checked in and got up to my cupboard, I was too tired to argue about a switch, and I was getting up for an early flight anyway, but my point is any decent establishment that cared at all about it鈥檚 customers or reputation, would not have designated this a guest room. It was only fit for storing cleaning equipment and, at $350 a night, I felt robbed. To cap it all, when I stepped into the shower at 5:15am I was not pleasantly surprised to find that the hot water had gone for a hike. Terrible!The only thing this place has got going for it is that it鈥檚 slap bang in the middle of Midtown Manhattan, seconds from Times Square, so if you are into the attractions around this area, it right on your doorstep. But that鈥檚 it, find some other place. I am staggered by the seemingly good reviews this place has got on Trip Advisor. Be advised, it鈥檚 no good!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Piper36
<Content>Wonderful Staff!! After reading all of the reviews on this site, my friend and I decided to stay at Hotel 41 during our visit on 9/20 through 9/24/07 and we were pleasantly suprised. As everyone else has commented, the room was small, but it was actually larger than we expected and it was immaculately clean. The bathroom was small, but a great use of space made it seem larger than it was. I can't say enough about the staff!! They were all so friendly and helpful and offered great suggestions about restaurants and must-see sites and also on negotiating the subway system. We had a street front room, but the noise level was not really that noticable and did not interfere with sleep at all. Would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely stay again. Great location, wonderful staff and fun bar for a cold beverage at the end of the day!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>prhuk
<Content>Really nice - a great budget hotel This was a pleasant surprise. We ended our NYC tour with a budget hotel (after staying in several more expensive ones beforehand) and this really wasn't at all bad and quite excellent for the price and position. The room was very small and had no window, but was clean, modern, plainly but well decorated and with good amenities (fridge, TV, dvd, iron) and the bathroom was really nice. The staff were excellent and very helpful and friendly (more so than the bigger hotels I stayed at in NYC) and the bar was really modern and flashy. A really really nice place to stay for a short period on a budget.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Finnish_Eskimo
<Content>41 my lucky number I stayed in NYC 9 days in August and Hotel 41 was absolutely one of the many positive things that made my trip so enjoyable experience. I was in standard room and although it wasn't big enough for golf or tennis playing it didn't cause any problems for normal hotel life. Everything I needed was there. Cd/dvd-player to test new cd's and refrigerator were extra plus. My room was also quiet like an empty church.Breakfast was not super size but still a way to get the engine started.The cleaning staff did tremendous job. They even folded the toilet paper in a special way everyday. The front desk staff made rainy days feel sunny with their smiles and friendliness.Considering the unbeatable location and reasonable prices (in Manhattan scale) Hotel 41 deserves my highest recommendations.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lisatwin-2
<Content>Great Place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Stayed here for a short 3 day 2 night visit. Stayed in a deluxe room and there was plenty of room in it. They use top of the line hotel products, like Aveda soaps/shampoos. There is a hair dryer and a cosmetic mirror. PLENTY of storage and even a iron and iron board. The bed was comfortable and the room was spotless. A nice desk and chair and free internet connection. 2 windows and air conditioning. The staff were VERY friendly and attentive. I have no complaints. We stayed in room 409 and never heard anything from other rooms or any noise at all.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Atomitod
<Content>Good and Convenient Hotel 41 is extremely convenient for broadway shows and activities around time square. Access to the subway is excellent. The Port Authority Bus Terminal is just down the street which is really convenient if using the bus to travel back and forth from the Newark airport. The rooms are small, but that goes with the territory for NYC. My room did have a small refrigerator. The internet access is high speed and free, but not wireless. I have stayed there twice now and wouldn't hesitate to do so again. Its not the best, its not the worst..but it does give solid value.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>IMAvisitor
<Content>Warm, friendly, comfortable, consistent. I stay at this hotel a couple of times a year because it is convenient, reasonably priced, and comfortable. The staff is friendly and goes out of its way to be helpful. The continental breakfast is an additional plus! The rooms are small, but they are well appointed and clean.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnnHalifax
<Content>loved Hotel 41 I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at Hotel 41. The front desk staff are very helpful and pleasant. I look forward to staying there again. Ann  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mary1018
<Content>Hotel 41 - Great location and service Our stay at Hotel 41 was great! The location is very convenient. --in the heart of Times Square -- close to all the broadway shows, Penn Station, Central Park, great restaurants, shopping, subway, etc. The front desk staff was very helpful. They gave us directions on how to get around and great recommendations on where to go for dinner and even made the reservation for us. The rooms are a bit small but very clean and the decor is modern. We got a superior room which has a desk (for my husband's laptop) and a mini-fridge for snacks and drinks. The hotel provides complimentary continental breakfast which was a great way to start the day... bagels, o.j., muffins, coffee, etc. There is a bar downstairs at night but we were never bothered by any noise in our room. If you want a great place to stay, clean, great service and don't plan on hanging out in your room this is the place for you.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KJORDAN82
<Content>Perfect Location!       It was such a perfect location!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nymetsfanz
<Content>Fabulous, affordable       comfortable, but small  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>agerwer13
<Content>small rooms great locations We stayed at hotel 41 in mid-July. We loved the room, it was small, but it had everything that we needed. If you are like us and only are in your room to sleep, then this hotel is for you. If you spend time watching TV in your hotel on vactation, then you may want to stay somewhere else. However, they do have a nice library of DVD's.The breakfast was just pastries. Go to the deli down the street and get yourself a nice egg sandwich.Make sure you ask for a room in the back of the hotel, where ours was. It was very quiet and we liked the location.The front desk was helpful when asked for directions.The subway is across the street from the hotel, and from that station you can catch the train to Grand Central.This hotel is definately worth it for the money. We will return here again.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>winks57
<Content>Great Value!!!! We just spent a week at Hotel 41 and would stay again. The staff is outstanding and I can't remember staying in a cleaner or safer-feeling hotel in NYC at such a good price. Breakfast each morning is simple (and the coffee's not very good), but a great way to save $ (there's a Starbucks store on every block, practically). Although the rooms are small, they're efficiently put together--there's enough closet, drawer, and cubbyhole space that's it's easy to stow clothing and luggage if you travel light (as we did). The bathroom is cramped but the shower is luxurious and the amenities in the room are outstanding. Our one small criticism is the energy-saving electrical switch that turns off the air-conditioner as well as the lights when you leave the room (or go to bed). We simply loosened the 2 40-watt light bulbs by the bed and the AC stayed on and comfortable all night.The location is great. It's just below Times Square, so it's easy to avoid the madness and scoot over to the subway at 42nd or over at Bryant Park. We were all over town in a matter of minutes from this location. If you're there for Times Square, you're right there!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lauraj146
<Content>small rooms, great service, great location This hotel was a bit strange, in that, it provided all the services you'd expect from a really good hotel ( complimentary toiletries, bathrobes, free breakfast, free coffee all day downstairs, free dvds to rent), but the hotel itself felt a bit rundown. The rooms were absolutely tiny, and we paid for a superior room.they said on arrival they had upgraded us to a superior queen room, and that was still small! The location is brilliant for times square. The service at the hotel is also really good. The only bad thing about it is that the rooms are tiny, and the hotel could do with some updating. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>cheerymom
<Content>Fantastic Hotel and Staff We just returned from our trip to NY and thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Hotel 41. Though the room was small which we knew ahead of time, it was extremely clean, comfortable and had all the necessities we needed. The staff was wonderful and very friendly and helpful. The hotel was so conveniently located to everything. We will definitely stay here again on our next trip to NY.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JJaneDoe
<Content>Would definitely stay here again NYC hotels are ridiculously expensive, so if you're going to spend a lot of money on a hotel room, you might as well spend it on one that has the location, cleanliness and amenities you need. Hotel 41 is an excellent choice for singles or couples (not families). I was planning a long weekend in NYC to see two Broadway shows so I searched on the web for hotels in the Times Square/Theatre District area. Although there were hotels that were cheaper and there were hotels that were more luxurious, Hotel 41 had the right combination of location, price and amenities for me. The relatively high ranking of Hotel 41 on TripAdvisor.com sealed my decision, and I feel I made the right one. You can't beat the location. As long as you're not completely lazy or out of shape, the hotel is within walking distance of Penn Station and just a block from the many Times Square subway lines. The staff were very courteous and attentive. I had booked a superior room because they were sold out of the smaller, less expensive ones. The room was very still really small and didn't have a view, but I didn't need a lot of space or a view. Also, I was impressed by the amenities in the room -- a decent-sized fridge, a safe, an ironing board and iron, and even a DVD player. Some minor complaints/suggestions:1) The hot water in my room (604) took a LONG time to heat up. It got hot eventually and there was plenty of it, but it was a waste of water to have to run it for so long. I don't know if this was a problem with my room in particular, with the floor I was on, or the entire building.2) The shower head is too high, so a person of normal height can't adjust the angle. Also, the spray that comes from shower head is too diffuse -- you don't get a strong concentrated spray of water from it, especially from that height.4) The AC/heating unit on the wall is a bit loud, especially in such a small room. I still slept fine, but I could see the noise bothering really light sleepers. Other than that, my room was quiet -- I didn't hear any street noise (my room overlooked the roof of an attached building, so it wasn't facing a street) or noise from neighboring rooms.  5) I appreciated the free continental breakfast in the mornings, but they serve only danishes and bagels -- very carb heavy! Some fruit, yogurt, or at least some whole grain cereal would be niceAnyway, I would definitely stay at the 41 again and I recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ltgks1011
<Content>Just What We Needed This hotel was exactly what my husband and I needed for our first time in NYC. The location was perfect! The staff was very friendly! The room was small but that worked our perfectly because it really made us not want to spend time there except to sleep and shower which is what we needed to push us out the door and see the sights. The only other drawback for the room was that our window view  was that of the brick building beside Hotel 41. Needless to say, we kept the shade pulled. It was very clean and very quiet! We would definetly stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>PFGWashington_DC
<Content>Great service. Exceptional value. I'm not a big luxury hotel kind of guy. I want clean, safe, affordable and, above all, I want location, location, location. Hotel41 provided all of the above during my first stay there on a recent weekend to New York for a Yankees game and a visit to MOMA with friends.My room was small, but not too small at all. Located between 7th and 8th avenues, it was pleasantly quiet at night, yet just a few secondswalk to Times Square. All this being said, the best thing about Hotel 41 was the service I received. They have the friendliest, most helpful front desk staff I have ever encountered. Upon arrival, I was told that they had an unexpected vacancy and was given a free, unsolicited room upgrade. Nice.I'm a frequent traveler and pretty self sufficient. I don't expect much these days in terms of service. So, I was very pleasantly surprised to be greeted as I was, asked questions about my plans, offered suggestions for things to do, etc. The doorman was also unusually friendly and helpful.On Saturday, I was in a hurry to get to MOMA and only had time to grab a cup of orange juice to go. The breakfast bar had run out of cup lids. When I asked if they had any more, the woman serving breakfast insisted on finding me a cup lid, despite my protestations that she needn't bother. It's a small matter, but sweating the details is clearly something that the folks at Hotel 41 do, and it made a real difference during my stay.I'm looking forward to staying there again, during my next visit to that part of the city.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bballtraveler
<Content>Great hotel! Hotel 41 was fantastic. I just stayed there last week and I was very pleased. I am a clean-freak and I found the bathrooms and room to be very clean. The bed was comfy (even though it took up the entirety of the room) and the TV was conveniently hanging from the wall to create more space. I was pretty nervous about booking a hotel that isn't a chain but I'd say, don't hesitate, just book it!! I got a better deal by booking through their website! My only concern was that some of the people who worked in the bar/restaurant weren't that friendly, but hey its New York! The receptionists were great and the housecleaners did a wonderful job.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>LopezFamilytx
<Content>Luv Luv Luv I stayed at Hotel 41 at Times Square for 5 days and luved it!!!! Yes the rooms are small, but everything else is 100% great!! Very clean, super nice front desk girls(always smiling), quiet, SAFE, cold working air, 2 seconds from Times Square  Aveda bath products!!!!! I have to go to NY again in Aug and I will be at Hotel 41!!! :)Lopez Family  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>notaobt
<Content>My new home in NYC! I travel to NYC occasionally on business and like to stay near Times Square. I have stayed in seven or eight different hotels in that area, and can honestly say that for price, convenience, cleanliness and service, Hotel 41 is the best. I will certainly return.The hotel is small and the staff professional and courteous, so checking in and out was a breeze. The (Superior) room is (New York) small but smartly appointed and the space is used to good effect. The bathroom is compact as well, with a small (not too small) sink and small shelf over the toilet. There is a European-style half-glass shower which was roomy and the grout was clean.The bed is firm (which I like). The fridge and the safe are nice to have, as is the iron and (table top) ironing board.Things I like: 1. The complimentary chilled bottle of Saratoga water at check-in after walking up from Penn Station in the 90 degree heat). 2. That I CAN walk up from Penn Station if I choose to (about 8 blocks).3. The free broadband4. The cleanliness and the Belgian linens. 5. The DVD player (and the free DVDs to borrow at the front desk). I didn't use this perk, but I like the idea.MY experience was very pleasnt and the staff were all terrific. See you next time, Hotel 41!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jaycc
<Content>Great Location! Clean Room and Polite Staff! You can't beat the location of this hotel. Its a 2 minute walk from time square (on the quiet 41st street) so it's not too busy outside. There is a subway station opposite which is extremely handy for accessing the whole of New York.We had the Supieror Room, at the front (6th Floor). Reasonable sized room with Cable TV and free internet access. Air Con, fridge, safe, hair dryer, ironing board, etc..The bathroom was extremely clean, shower was powerful which was nice!People complain about room size at this hotel, but whats the point? If you goto New York to stay in the hotel, thats pretty sad!I just wanted a great location, reasonable price and clean hotel.Hotel 41 meets all the criteria for me. I will deffinatly stay here again.James (United Kingdom)  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eyehearttravel
<Content>Great location but tiny! Was in NYC on business and needed a central location but not the cost. Hotel staff were always polite and very helpful. Room was very very tiny! Despite this the room was clean, bathroom was modern with Aveda soaps. Bed and pillows were comfortable. No views but the upside to this was that the room was private and very quiet. Free breakfast was nice. Would stay again because of the location and service.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>JBobo
<Content>Human wake-up call! Our experience at Hotel 41 was great...friendly front desk, much more personal than what we're used to getting at the Hilton. We were in a superior room which for a while I thought was a standard since it was so small. The size thought was just fine for the two of us though (my mom however probably would've complained about the tiny size!) The bathroom was quaint, shower head was really high which was kinda cool. TV, ironing board, and safe were in the room, which I really needed. The hotel clearly isn't brand new, but it's in great condition and doesn't feel ghetto old at all either.Free breakfast downstairs was a great selection of pasties and beverages...perfect for consuming before heading out into the crazy streets. Free, I say!The bed was nice and clean and the fridge came in handy when we bought fruit and drinks on the street. Free DVDs were available but we were out and about mostly anyways.Overall, great for singles...not recommended for big families. Oh, and I got a kick out of the non-automated, human wake-up call!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>LLH1
<Content>Loved it  This was a perfect place for me and my husband staying 2 nights. They had clean rooms, fluffy pillows, very clean linens, excellent customer service and an excellent location. We requested a quiet room so they put us in 608 at the end of the hall, which was great because we would come out of the hustle and bustle on Times Square and it was perfectly quiet. I would request this room if you want some peace. We never heard a peep of anyone or anything. We had the superior room and got it at a special of $169/night, a bargin in New York. Breakfast is all bread, so dont expect cereal or fruit, but it does get you going. Subway is right across the street - you need to come out of hotel and take a right then it is on the other side of the road on your left- Its hard to notice cause its just a stairwell going down - my husband spotted it when he saw some people coming up from it - its not even all the way to the main street so look carefully - dont sit anything breakable on the shelf in bathroom, when bathroom gets steamy , things have a tendency to slip off - we did have to wait about 4 mins for the water to heat up each time but other then that no complaints at all - Its a basic room with a modern flair, its not the Marriott - but its a fresh, clean place - its a cool little place actually - If you do anything while you are in New York go to the Mariott Marque Revolving Lounge - you can go to restaurant but you have to dress up for that -The view is incredible - its called the view lounge and you can wear jeans or shorts, go at night, I have never seen a revolving restaurant with a view like this one - its romantic had little candles on the tables and all the couples get to sit by the window all the way around - they do have a 1 drink minimum but we got cokes and that counts  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>aytu
<Content>very expencive for a minuscule room We stayed in this hotel fortunately only one night because we didn't found an other hotel.Our trip decisition was in the last minute.We paid 430 usd for an horrible and very small more than small miniatureroom where the refrigarator was empty and was giant (imagine in this size of room)The room was clean but for this price you can stay in a very better better hotel and room in NYC.For example Hilton NY at 6th avenue(great location) we stayed for 200 usd in a wonderfull room.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>SkyeTraveler
<Content>They do the basics right If you want to be at the very heart of the action, and you don't want to pay a lot for it, this is the hotel to book. (A note for first timers to New York -- Times Square is hyper, hyper active. If you'd prefer a bit of peace but still want to be in mid-town, book somewhere east of 6th Avenue.)The hotel does most of the basics right: very friendly, patient staff; decent continental breakfast; free DVDs; a lively bar. The rooms are small, but they've been intelligently laid out. And there's even a refrigerator (empty) so you have somewhere to put your drinks and snacks -- i.e., they were smart enough to figure out that you can get anything within a few yards of the hotel, so they didn't bother to put in a rip-off minibar.Alas, it isn't perfect. I didn't like that the very tiny bathroom had no room to put all of my products. And, as several people pointed out, the showers have no doors, so the water tends to splash everywhere. Another quibble: the windows were open about an inch, and there seemed no way to close them. The room got pretty chilly, and I had to stuff the curtains around the windows to keep warm. (I felt guilty about raising the thermostat when the windows were open.) That seemed to do the trick.At the end of my stay, I had the front desk book a car service to La Guardia. The company sent a white stretch limo! (According to the desk clerk, sometimes you get lucky.) So I left the city in style, in a car that was almost as large as my hotel room!  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jaxhill
<Content>Absolute Gem!! For my first trip to New York I really couldn't have asked for anything better.Location CANNOT be beaten...front of house staff are excellent, in particular the lady who looks after the buffet breakfast in the bar - helpful and friendly. Similarly, the porters were true gentlemen!!The breakfast is a welcome addition to fuel you up for a day in the city. Newspapers and TV news available - plenty of coffee, bagels etc.The rooms are small (it is NY!!) but perfectly formed!! We had two girls staying, with all our luggage, and still managed fine. Bed was so comfortable with beautiful linen and TV and DVD (available for free from reception) were welcome through a couple of thunderstorms!!Bathrooms were spotless (in fact the whole hotel was) - with great toiletries available and refreshingly powerful water pressure.Bar was very chilled, and never too noisy in our experience; only criticism would be the prices of the drinks. While it is certainly expensive in NY, the drink prices were particularly high.That being said there is nothing I can say that is negative about our stay at Hotel 41. Prior to our trip our emails were responded to promptly, with our requests also having been taken account of. It would be easy to recommend the hotel based solely on its location - however, it works on EVERY level. I have recommended it to anyone going to New York, and given it's VERY reasonable price, I do so without hesitation here as well.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mactude
<Content>Cold Water Flat Worst hotel stay I've had in NYC. I awoke in the morning to depart promptly for a 7:55 a.m. flight out of Laguardia to discover that my room had no hot water. When I brought this to the attention of the lobby staff, they were clearly already aware that my room (#602) had a problem getting hot water. However, I did not get so much as an apology from anyone, and was presented with a bill for the full amount of my stay as if nothing had happened. I paid it, but I won't be back, and I'll be cautioning the firm I do business with in Manhattan against referring their clients to Hotel 41.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	3	-1	4	

<Author>Milla75
<Content>Nice hotel, great location       Room  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>teffers
<Content>A Fine Place to Stop       The 41st Street Entrance to Hotel 41  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Dave_Bourne
<Content>Great hotel, ideal location. I stayed here with my girlfriend for the last week of April and I can give it two big thumbs up. The rooms are clean with Air-con, TV, DVD (films are free from reception), alarm clock, safe and internet access. The bed was comfy and the bathroom was clean, although the shower was a bit weak. The first night we ordered room service because we were both tired.....word of warning.....the portions are huge! We ordered starters and main and were both full after the starter.The staff are very helpful and friendly and will offer advice on restaurants etc. and will even let you print off your boarding pass.The bar is nice and happy hour is from 17:00-19:00 when drinks are half price. It doubles as the breakfast room in the mornings where you can toast bagels and get fresh coffee and orange juice.Hope that helps to make your decision on where to stay in New York a bit easier.PS - I can recommend the Stanton Social at 99 Stanton St on Ludlow and Orchard. It's very trendy and the French Onion dumplings are superb.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DCTravelr
<Content>Great find! Hotel 41 is in a great location in the heart of the Theater District, so it's ideal if one is coming back late from a show. It's on a side street, so it was fairly quiet. The hotel is also a great deal for the price and includes a complementary buffet breakfast. The hotel staff were very helpful and pleasant, and very accomodating in our request for a nonsmoking room, as my daughter has allergies. My daughter also enjoyed staying at the hotel and thought that the bed was much more comfortable than hers at home! The hotel staff were helpful in providing directions and allowing us to store baggage after checking out. We would definitely stay again and recommend the hotel to others.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BostonFog
<Content>Just ok I booked this hotel after reading all the great reviews, and I didn't think it lived up to the glowing reviews. First off, I got a room in the front, which was incredibly noisy as all noise on the street below was easily heard (think taxis, honking horns, people yelling and trash trucks/dumpster emptying ALL NIGHT LONG directly outside bedroom window). The next morning I requested a room in the back which was much better. The superior room was tiny but clean, which was fine for me as I was on business. However, I would have been very disappointed had I brought my husband along, as the small room, tiny bathroom and lack of storage would have been an issue. The pluses are the location was 1/2 block from the Times Square subway station, and the internet access in the room was free. All in all, the hotel was ok if you don't have a front room. Compared to the handful of other hotels I have stayed at in NYC this was my least favorite and I would not book it again.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>rich9
<Content>not worth the money Hotel 41 boasts a great location and a 'boutique' feel, however its just not worth the high price. The room we had was small - barely enough space to walk around the bed, and while the decor in the bathroom was cool, and nice to look at, it didn't justify the price, even moreso when the impressive looking shower emitted only a weak spray and not the intense experience you'd expect.A drink in the bar was marred not only by the price (nearly $13 for a small margherita) but by the bartender whose bizarre and interesting circle of friends seemed to be be present, and unimpressed by our intrusion. I asked if she would serve our margheritas in large glasses and add a little more ice, but was informed that these would then become 'large' measures and she would have to charge me twice!?!We chose this hotel as a treat - a little luxury for our NYC stopover before heading home - but regret the indulgence.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Canadianknowitall
<Content>Great Staff,Great Location,ok room Hotel 41 is blessed with an ideal location, and a wonderful, helpful,cheerful,polite and efficient staff. The room is passable if one can overlook the slight disfiguring shabbiness that has set in the decor, the poor lighting, the depressing view from the window on a brick wall covered by a large exhaust shaft and the shower only bathroom which is fine if there was some water pressure to make you feel that you were being showered instead of drizzled on. I would definitely stay there again if given a more superior room (which is the category I had booked in) and a more reasonable rate than the one I paid.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Mo&Dau
<Content>Hotel 41 is the only place we ever want to stay at in NYC! We took a mother/teenage daughter trip to NYC, and we stayed at Hotel 41 for three nights--March 11-14. I have nothing but the best to say for our room, the staff, the service, and the location. The room was plenty big for us, extremely clean, comfortable, quiet (even though we were in Times Square), had a refrigerator, and it had a safe for my daughter's laptop. The bathroom was also perfectly clean and a good size for the two of us. The robe they provided in the bathroom was so, so comfortable! It was wonderful to be able to walk downstairs each morning to get a complimentary bagel or pastry and juice so that we didn't have to take time out of the day to go out for a breakfast. I was worried about feeling safe walking back to the hotel later in the evening, but at no time did I feel uncomfortable because there were lots of people on the streets near the hotel. We were able to have our luggage locked in a room at the hotel after we checked out and until we had to leave the city. The doorman then helped with the luggage and took us to the corner to get a taxi. A+++  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Woodaalex
<Content>Brilliant After spending five nights at Hotel 41 I can say this is the best hotel I've stayed in in New York. Having read the reviews I was expecting an extremely small room and was a bit nervous! But luckily on arrival we found the room although small had easily enough space for two and was very comfortable and cosy. In any case the staff were helpful and more than willing to accommodate our needs if we decided we'd like a larger one. The location was ideal and made it the perfect base to explore the rest of the city. I would definitely recommend this to others and would gladly go back again.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>A+Kmultistada
<Content>We loved the Hotel 41!! We only got to stay at Hotel 41 for one night but loved it. The staffwas so kind and helpful. They would store our bags before and after checkout so we could spend our day in the city and not have to lug around our stuff. The rooms were clean and so cozy, plus the locationis awesome. We can't wait to come back!Thanks A+K  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Otello
<Content>Very Good Hotel and Value What you get for your money here is a small, clean room with a comfortable full size bed in an A+ Times Square location. Friendly front desk - happy to print out my boarding pass.Wonderful view of an air shaft from my room. The upside is that this means QUIET. Bathroom is clean and more than adequate with glass walled shower stall. Refrigerator, iron  ironing board - everything in good condition.Basic continental breakfast - juice, bread, coffee (espresso available). Bar cocktails are Times Square priced: $12.00. But very good.All in all, very good value for the location. I would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Beasly
<Content>Great location, great staff My husband and I just returned from a one night stay at Hotel 41 in Times Square and loved it. The hotel is in a great location, just 2 blocks from Times Square and near many restaurants and stores. Upon arrival, we learned the parking was valet, and not self-park as I'd been told by phone. For $35 our car was valet parked for 24 hours - which we were quite happy with. During check-in the front desk staff and doorman were all very pleasant and we were given 2 free bottles of water which was a nice touch. The room itself was fairly small, but pretty typical for a NYC hotel. It was clean and well furnished. We were happy to have a refridgerator in the room for snacks and drinks. The room price includes a continental breakfast which consists of bagels and coffee - very convenient before our departure in the morning. Overall, I would highly recommend Hotel 41 as it is in a great location, safe and clean, has a friendly staff and nice rooms. For more than a 1 or 2 night stay, it might be tricky to find space for your personal belongings as there were only 2 drawers, but who cares, leave your stuff in the suitcase and get out into the city!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>JoeRossiter
<Content>Great Central Boutique Hotel with Breakfast!!! This was a great hotel to stay in for a 3 day shopping trip. It was so central we could walk to Macy's, Daffy's, and all the other great shops. It was down the road from the port authority bus terminal and so handy to catch the bus to Woodbury common (another great shopping experience!).The rooms were very small but comfortable and clean but additional storage available at reception if required. The staff were very professional and friendly with any queries we had. It was great to get breakfast each morning before we set off. It was continental breakfast, which was sufficient - juice, crossants, bagels, jam  cheese, tea/coffee. We had dinner one night at the hotel which again was perfect. This Hotel is just off Times Square and it was lovely to be able to wander around the streets at night soaking up the atmosphere.We intend returning to New York later in the year and will stay there again and would certainly recommend it. Josephine KeaneIreland  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vronica346
<Content>We love Hotel 41!       The room  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jhbboy
<Content>Very Impressed       Space for the laptop and free internet  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>cjnbsn
<Content>Hotel 41 Rocks The rooms are small (which they are very up front about), but the location can't be beat. You walk out of the hotel lobby and are 1/2 block from the middle of Times Square!We walked to the theater, and the train station and subway stop were just a couple of blocks away. So, if you want to be in the middle of everything and only plan on using your room to rest and shower, and you want a good deal, then this is the hotel for you. We loved it! Everyone we met on the staff was delightful and in a word: friendly!We have already recommended Hotel 41 to several people. We will definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mdisppt
<Content>Excellent Choice This hotel was an excellent pick. Upon arrival the front dest clerks were very friendly and accomodating. They reviewed my requests and assured me that I would be very happy with my room. I asked for a quiet room, away from elevators, ice machines and higer up. Twenty years of travel has taught me to ask for these things at the time of reservation and confirm at check in. The desk clerks were very pleasant. We received free bottled water, even our company that met us for the day was given free bottled water as well, because they were with us...we were able to get into our room shortly after our arrival. The room was small but clean and nicely decorated. The bed was comfortable, the bathroom was clean and adequate. I could not operate the remote controls, when we left for a few hours I asked the desk clerk about this and she assured me that they would be working upon our return, and they did. The hotel was quiet all night, we slept well. Aside from waking and the room being 62 degrees, we never looked at the thermostat and should have checked it before we retired for the night, it must have been automatically set to a lower degrees during the night. But, it was not a problem, we turned it up and all was fine. The heater was quiet too. We also had a great lunch in the hotel bar/restaurant. It was wonderful. Everybody was very accomodating, even the bar personell figured out how to change the channel on the bar television at my request, with a good attitude too. The breakfast attendant the next morning was pleasant. The continental breakfast was enough to start the day, fresh bagels, muffins, crousant, coffee , juice and tea. The location was perfect, minutes from all sights and at check out the bell man walked us to the corner to catch a cab to the train station, to save us money if the cab was picked up at the hotel door. We were very pleased with this hotel and will definetly return.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>khoward
<Content>Low Price for Times Square This hotel is a small, boutique hotel. They renovated, and it is newer and clean, but the rooms are tiny! They do make up for it with it's location close to Times Square, and access to the internet in the room. I also liked the hotel lobby bar  restaurant! Staff was friendly, and I was able to get bottled water each time I requested it!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>WearyTravelerPA
<Content>Great Hotel, Good Value I had to stay in NYC on business one night Saturday to Sunday and needed something within walking distance to the Jacob Javits Center. This hotel was reasonably close, so I took a look and was pleasantly surprised. It's a small boutique-style hotel not even half a block off Times Square and right next door to the Nederlander Theatre (where Rent is playing). It's also less than a block from the Port Authority Bus Terminal. The room was very very clean and very very small, but comfortable. If you plan on spending a lot of time in your hotel room, you might want to consider another hotel, but if you need a nice, very clean room that will serve only as a place to sleep and shower, then consider this hotel. You can't beat the location and the bathroom was impeccably clean (and if you haven't guessed already, very small!). The staff is very friendly and the hotel overall has a funky, youth-oriented style. The next morning offered a continental breakfast in an area that becomes a bar in the evenings. I was there on the weekend, so the garbage collection noise wasn't an issue. My room had a small window that didn't face the street, but faced the center of the hotel, which consisted of a small square shaft that I guess allows for ventilation, etc. I can't stress enough how clean the room and bathroom were. I great find in NYC! Overall, I was very impressed with the Hotel 41 at Times Square and would definitely consider staying there again.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kimber_jewel
<Content>Loved The Hotel 41 We stayed for 2 nightsat Hotel 41. Upon check the girl at the front desk was extremely friendly and explained they had two rooms left, a very small room on the 6th floor or a larger but still small room on the second floor, but it was right above the bar. She let take a look at the larger room and even though you could here the music from the busy bar below while walking in the hallway, you could not hear it at all in the room. We stayed in room 206.The room is small - yet honestly not the smallest room I have ever stayed in. The room was spotless clean. The bedding was comfortable and the bathroom was very modern with a stand up shower. Included in the room was a small TV and DVD player. The rooms have their own climate control which was great because we could warm up the room for our return after wandering in the cold. The free breakfast is served in the bar in the morning and consist of pastries, bagels, juice, and coffee. The staff through out the hotel and bar were very helpful and friendly. Always opening doors for you and greeting you in all the common areas of the hotel.The location can't be beat for a short NYC trip. It's right off Time's Square, close to chain and local resturants and coffee houses, subway right across the street and the hop on hop off bus tours stop right across the street from the hotel. You can walk to any of the Broadway shows and to Macy's. Upon check out they held our bags and offered to ring for a car for us to the airport, but we had already booked. I would definately stay at Hotel 41 again!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mchelle77
<Content>A good find       Bathroom  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>chiken
<Content>loved it! On arrival we received a free room upgrade which was great. The room and bathroom were spotless and thankfully had a good heater! The staff were great....always smiling and helpful. The breakfast was good, just what you need to get the day started. We also made use of the coffee machine during the day! The hotel is in a perfect position, right at times square and the subway is straight over the road. We took the air train and subway from JFK which was easy and cheap ( $7 each. a taxi is $49). Would definately stay here again without any hesitation.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cmeneg
<Content>Hotel 41: a good place for stay in NYC I had a beautiful vacancy in NY in the January 2007, this also thanks to the very comfortable Hotel 41 and the hotel staff courtesy.Some room is some bit small but they are exceptionally clean and comfortable: in my opinion a very good service to price ratio.CM  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sophieetjulien
<Content>Amazing Hotel in Times Square       Hotel 41  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leprauchan
<Content>Just the place If you are in New York to make the most of what this great city has to offer the Hotel 41 is an excellent base from which to do this.We found staff to be very friendly ,we received two bottles of complimentary water on arrival and we were upgraded which was a lovely surprise . To be honest I couldn`t complain about the size of our room as it really was quite spacious with fridge, tv, dvd (you can rent dvd`s from reception) and the bed was huge . Bathroom was more than adequate with fabulous Aveda products (the rosemary and mint shampoo was gorgeous) and most importantly of all everything was really clean. I did sneak a peek into some other rooms which were on the small side but who is going to be spending very much time in them.Breakfast is continental style in the bar and is served until 11am which is great if you`ve had a late night. Everything is laid out on the bar and you serve yourself and it`s more than enough to start the day off. Good orange juice, nice tea, didn`t try the coffee, bagels and cream cheese, croissants, muffins, danishes cinnamon bread, it was delicious. We had a problem with noise on the first night but when we spoke to staff about it the following morning they explained that the air conditioning unit for the bar had been left on in error and that it wouldn`t happen again. They were apologetic and courteous and the problem did not re occur.Of course the location is excellent. Times Square is literally around the corner and so much else is within walking distance. The Port authority bus terminal is at the end of the street and we took the bus back to JFK from there for only $30 for both of us, there is a subway stop directly opposite the front door which we took back from ground zero .It`s not the Ritz and it`s not huge but if you want a clean friendly comfortable base close to everything I think that this is perfect, I would have no trouble in recommending it.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>turns2mall
<Content>Mixed Feelings :( This is a very small boutique hotel on 41st and 7th ave right next door to the musical RENT. when you walk in there is a very small but nice lobby with friendly staff who quickly took our bags for us and had us checked in very fast. They give you a bottle of very good water per person upon check in as well. When we got to our room we found out that they were not kidding about the size of the room, about 135sf. Just enough room to slide your bags in and land on the bed. (there was a fridge and tv with dvd player and you could check out movies for free)This was ok as we only planed to sleep there anyway, with so much to do and see in the city. This is where the problem comes in. This hotel was without doubt the loudest place I have ever tried to sleep and there for I really did not sleep very much. All night you could hear the horns of cabs and the backing up of delivery trucks. Also check out is 12 if you want a late check out you can only get it till 1pm after that you have to pay 50.00 till 3pm and 1/2 a day rate there after. I will say the staff was kind enough to hold our bags as long as we wanted at no charge. This was a cute enought hotel but not really for me I dont think I would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>windvalley
<Content>Great Location! Stayed here with a friend of mine for one night when celebrating our birthdays last year. I must say, I stayed in the hotel all of 2 hours that night but the location was superb...loved the convenient location and although the room was tiny, it was what we paid for. I would totally recommend this hotel to someone who isnt looking for luxury or large rooms and is interested more in the city than the size of the room!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>shaggy25
<Content>Very kind Staff I only searched for a cheap hotel in New York, because i only went there for christmas shopping. I searched around Timesquare (over the Internet) and found there the small hotel 41 and booked there a special christmas arrangement. The booking process over the internet was very easy and i received all informations i needed. The day i checked in, the reception staff was very kind and the room i got was really big and very lovely. The bathroom was a bit small, but more than the NY-Standard for that priceclass. During the stay, there was a room-service that worked as fast and exact as possible and a broken TV-Remote was changed just in minutes. So all together: I'll be back there, when i visit NY the next time.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Kim_Aus
<Content>Great place for a quick trip to New York       Times Square  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>reneeandbabyming
<Content>Excellent staff, Great location Great locationFab staffNice FREE continental breakfast1 minute to most Times Sq attractionsSubway station outsideSmall roomsExcellent rate thru Expedia UKStayed 5 nights and would highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>CME84
<Content>quite pleased, as a first time traveler Stayed for five days over the Thanksgiving holiday. Was given a free room upgrade as soon as we checked in. :) The staff is remarkably helpful and polite. Everything was clean and tidy, and the location was absolutely perfect for our purposes.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Miltons
<Content>Beware the crowds As most previous reviews have said, this is a clean, well-run trendy small hotel. Yes, the room are tiny (but tall). Good walk-in shower. Good value for money in this area.Other options are big expensive hotels or complete dumps.The central location is great for getting to anywhere in Manhatten quickly.You cannot fault the staff or the way the hotel is run.Good simple breakfast included - bagels and coffee buffet.But do not underestimate quite how busy it is in this location in Times Square. Thousands of tourists will be passing right by the hotel entrance every minute.It is noisy at night. And Times Square is not the nicest part of NYC. You are in the heart of tacky neon Theatre land. Fast food. Tourists. Day Glo. Doesn't feel like a great area to be in at night. You tend to be watching your back.Ideal for one night or weekend stays - especially if you will be going out to the theatre.If you are on a longer stay - and will be travelling around anyway - it might be worth thinking about staying in a quieter part of town. Because it's good to get back to somewhere relaxing after an inevitably hectic day.This is not a place you will be able to chill out in.But for what it is and where it is Hotel 41 can not be faulted.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>member1000
<Content>Great location Booked this hotel due to TripAdvisor reviews and we weren't disappointed. Location really good for theatre land, cinema and underground. Staff very helpful and pretty cheap membership ($10) of the big gym a few doors along street. Bagel/pastry breakfast was sufficientto start our day.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>CatBlue25
<Content>Well priced Boutique Hotel My boyfriend booked us a trip to NY without my knowledge - until we got to Gatwick I thought we were going to Newcastle, UK, to visit relatives! We were impressed with Hotel 41, very clean, tidy and up to date in all public areas and the room itself. Although the room is small - door barely opens fully without bumping the end of the bed - it was fine for what we wanted as didn't spend a lot of time in room except for sleeping! However, one small gripe, which has been mentioned in previous reviews, is the lack of temperature control at night. The air con unit didn't seem to maintain the desired temperature and so you had to keep getting up and switching it on / off when you woke either sweating or freezing! Aveda toiletries, the robes and the complimentary breakfasts are all nice touches, and all staff very courteous and happy to oblige any requests. The bar is obviously popular with non residents especially during happy hour, so do not be alarmed to see it overflowing into the lobby during these times.All in all a great place to stay, especially for a weekend trip such as ours. Would definitely go back!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>GDB
<Content>good boutique hotel with friendly staff Hotel 41 is a nice boutique hotel in Times Square. Location is perfect, especially for those doing the theatre thing.Pros:1) great staff- the staff at this hotel was extremely helpful and polite. The restaurant staff during breakfast were courteous and never rushed us out. Even when the breakfast service was over, they were more than willing to provide us with more coffee, tea... The front desk were always helpful and full of information. Even when they were busy, the person at the front always greeted you with a smile.2) amenities- Aveda products and comfortable robes.3) location- close to Penn station, located right in the middle of times square, next to Rent.Cons: Can be a bit noisy. We were on the 2nd floor facing the street and right next to the elevator. Could stand to use a paint touch up.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travels_from_CT
<Content>Almost perfect Extremely convenient location to everything, the hotel is at the southern end of TImes Square and right across the street from an entrance to the Times Square subway station. The rooms were very simply but nicely decorated, nearly hip. The rooms are New York CIty small -- if you're not used to that, you will be surprised. Upon arrival, we were given complementary Saratoga spring water and the staff was very helpful, including looking up something for us on the web. A complimentary continental breakfast is served in the bar in the morning, but it's pretty skimpy -- OK if all you want is a bagel and coffee.There are two negatives that would prevent me from saying the place is perfect. The first is that our room (there are 2 like this on each floor) faced 41st St, and the outside noise level is quite high (the hotel is only 6 stories). When Rent gets out next door, there are occassional street musicians which add signficantly to the noise level, and the hotel is right across from the service entrance to one of the new high rise buildings, so the trash pickup is pretty noisy at midnight or 2:00am. Ask for a room in the back, unless you can't stand your window facing an airshaft.The second negative regards the reservation. All the hotels are doing yield management to charge the highest rates they can, and the rates can change from day to day. I had a 4 day reservation ranging from $309 to $359, made through the hotel, and between reservation time and visit time they lowered the $309 nights to less than $250 (and they raised the $359 night to over $600) on their website. They would not let me keep the $359 night and rebook the others at the lower rate, even though it was all booked directly through them, and I asked them to do this several weeks before arrival. I could have faked them out by cancelling and re-booking the lower nights in my wife's name and maybe having to change rooms, but ended up just leaving it the way it was because my company was paying for it. This is bad business on their part, because I'm coming back in November but booked somewhere else where I know they are more customer-focused regarding reservations.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bigbrowneyes8407
<Content>We Give It Five Stars ... Our three night stay at Hotel 41 was excellent. The room, although small buy cozy, was clean and comfortable. The entire staff went above and beyond to ensure our stay in New York City and at their Hotel was great experience. I wouldn't stay anywhere else. Great Job, keep up the good work.Mark and Jill  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nycboi
<Content>HOTEL 41: I loved it! In the heart of New Youk City is a little secret: it's called Hotel 41 @ Times Square. I loved this hotel a lot. Great place to get away and see Nre York City. The staff at Hotel 41 are professional, caters to the needs of their guests along with great customers ervice. I could not have chose a better place for my short get away. I recommend this hotel to anyone coming to New York City. I will most definately stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Rod the dog
<Content>Friendliest staff ever. We kicked off our honeymoon at Hotel41 on the 4/9/06 for three nights. (reasonable rates through Bookings.org). On arrival they gave us a free upgrade to a larger corner room as it was our honeymoon which was a really nice touch. The room wasn't a bad size by UK standards. Contemporary style decor, Belgian bed linnen, fridge (which you can put your own drinks in or order from room service), TV/DVD, decent size shower room with walk-in shower. All spotless. We liked the bar on ground floor - very stylish although no American beer,only imported. I had to drink Speckled Hen! Complimentary continental help-yourself breakfast served there every morning - bagels, cheese, jelly, pastries, croissants, tea,coffee, juice - all good.The reception staff, doormen, breakfast lady were really friendly and personal. They really made us feel at home.The location is fantastic - right in the middle of the action - theatres, restaurants, bars all close. If you want recommendations, ask reception. Short walk, (about 20 mins) to Empire State, Central Park, Grand Central station, or use subway at the end of street. The central bus station is one block (5mins) away.Getting there from JFK. Get a cab. Fixed price to anywhere in Manhatten works out at about $50 dollars inc. toll and tip. An official gives you a ticket at the airport listing the exact price fixed by the council. They cannot rip you off, honk their horn or make unnecessary noise! Good price for approx. 45min journey. Returning to airport from hotel. Taxis have to use the meter so get a bus from the central bus station. They leave approx. every half hour. Tickets $15 each. Tell your driver the airline and he'll drop you at your terminal.Rod the Dog.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jackwithasplash
<Content>Great Location at a Great Value Came to NY alone for a bachelor party last saturday night. Hotel 41 was the perfect solution. Right in Times Square; reasonably priced; no 2-day minimum stay required; nicely-appointed room; complimentary continental breakfast. Even though I was on the second floor overlooking the street, the room was very quiet. Yes, the room was small but, hey, one does not come to NY to stay in the hotel room.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>blondee192
<Content>PERFECT - even for a cautious traveler This is my first review ever, but I have to write it to let everyone know of my experience dealing with Hotel 41 and their staff, namely Stacey James - it was fabulous. So I want to help them out in return by hopefully swaying someone to book there after reading this.I booked this hotel for my fianc茅's 30th bday. I threw him a surprise party at Dave  Buster's in Times Sq and wanted to also surprise him with the room so there were no worries about getting home to NJ at the end of the night.I was very cautious about booking a hotel in NYC - I didn't want to spend too much, as it was a Saturday night in the summer in Times Square... but on the other hand I didn't want to go too cheap and be stuck sleeping with cockroaches skittering by. It seemed all the well-known hotels that I knew would be clean were super expensive, and we really only needed the room for a few hours to crash.Being from NJ, I never really have to stay overnight in NYC, so I didn't know where to start outside of the bigger name places. I did some googling and eventually found Hotel 41, and checked it out on here. All the reviews were pretty much dead on - they said the hotel was CLEAN (which was my biggest thing) but the rooms were tiny - which was fine for me as it was just a night, and I'll take small and clean over large and dirty any day.So I booked a standard room from their website, the cheapest one - full bed, bathroom with stall shower - for $169 before tax, about a month ahead of time. I included the hotel info in my evite so any of my fianc茅's friends could book as well if they wanted.Turns out his friends waited til the last minute, and I ended up having to figure out sleeping arrangements for not just the 2 of us but 6 of his friends...a week before we were supposed to check in. I did this all via email with Stacey James, the reservation coordinator, and I can't say enough about her patience and endless help! I had our standard room reserved for weeks, then a week before the party his friends called and they weren't sure who was coming but knew they were going to need rooms. I emailed Stacey and the hotel was booked on all the standard rooms but had a king room (king bed, pullout sofa, skylight, and jacuzzi tub*, for $299). So I booked that, and kept the standard room, making accomodations for 6 (2 in the standard room, 4 in the king room between the bed and sofabed). I originally thought we needed for 10 people, and explained the situation to Stacey who even suggested nearby hotels! It ended up being 8 of us total, and luckily just 2 days before the party the hotel had a cancellation on a second king room that Stacey kept an eye out for and booked for me as soon as it happened. So we ended up with the 2 kings and cancelled the standard. So basically for $175 per couple (incl tax) we had this really nice room in the heart of times square on a Saturday night - it was clean, with nice linens, and cool contemporary decor. And even being right there, it was silent at night to sleep. They also had free continental breakfast in the morning, and a bar, but we didn't check out either of those (got in too late for the bar, and woke up too late for the breakfast :) ).The hotel is literally 1/2 block from port authority so it couldn't be easier to get to, we drove in and parked overnight at port authority ($26). It has a doorman, the front desk staff was very polite, helpful and accomodating (even with 8 rowdy 20-30-somethings, even when we asked for more blankets at 3am).I would stay there again in a heartbeat. I'm actually trying to get my friends together to create occasions to stay there again! An affordable, clean, cool hotel in the most exciting part of NYC! I hope this review doesn't sound cheesy, but it was really perfect, and I wanted to give props to Stacey who helped tremendously as I frantically figured out the room situation. I asked her if there was any way I could tell a supervisor of her immense help, but there wasn't so she suggested this.If you're looking for a clean room, friendly staff, good location for an affordable price, this is it. It's by no means a luxury hotel, I think we had the biggest room (the king) and although it was really nice it was nowhere near being a suite, but it served its purpose to provide a clean, safe, comfortable place to sleep. In NYC there isn't much time you'll be spending in the room anyway, and I found the king room to have plenty of space for 4 adults (and of the 4 couples, 2 girls were 7-8 months pregnant!). I even slept on the sleeper sofa, which wasn't that bad (though I'm really not that picky). This is sincerely how I felt, so I hope that comes across in reading it and I hope this review helped!*the jacuzzi tub wasn't a huge marble tub like you might have pictured from reading that, it was a normal sized tub with jacuzzi jets. I still thought it was cool.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>eibhl铆n
<Content>Ideal for the sightseer I spent 3 days on my own in New York and was delighted that I picked this hotel. Service was excellent- the small, modern bar offered breakfast in the morning and free coffee all day. It had a lovely bar menu for both lunch and evening and also had an happy hour! This standard room was very clean and had lovely white towels, and belgian linen. This room had a double bed and would not have been ideal for two people as it was very small. It was ideal for me and I really loved it - all facilities were available and also complimentary bottles of water. Air -conditioning was noisy but all the other benefits outweighed this. It was so nice to be so central to everything and I would certainly use it again.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>musiccguy
<Content>In a word...Wonderful!! My wife and I came to New York to celebrate our 22nd wedding anniversary. I checked Trip Advisor for our hotel and found Hotel 41. Most of the reveiws were positive so we decided to give it a shot. The hotel is small and clean with friendly and helpful staff. The bar off of the lobby was great. The food was fantastic and reasonably priced. There was also an excellent continental breakfast each morning. The rooms are quite small but efficient. My wife enjoyed the Aveda products in the bathroom. This is a boutique hotel with loads of charm. I selected the hotel knowing that we would be right in the middle of the action at Times Square. In the summer it is especially active and noisy so I expected it. Immediate access to the subway was just outside the door which was a bonus. If you want to see RENT it is next door. We enjoyed our experience at this hotel and would definately stay there again. Hats off to the staff of Hotel 41 for making our stay a memorable one. Burlington, Ontario Canada  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kauseffect
<Content>Great Place and Great People We stayed at Hotel 41 for four nights/five days in July. It was small (only about 8x10), but very clean. The hotel employees were very friendly, helpful, and professional. The location was perfect because it has subway access directly across the street and is in walking distance to Times Square, Bryant Park, and many other attractions. We would stay here again and would recommend to anyone who is looking for a clean and tidy place that is convienient to all of NY's sights.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>desvw1029
<Content>Wonderful Location! Hotel 41 at Times Square could not be in a more perfect location!! RIGHT next to Rent. If you are going to see this show, book here. A short walk to everything. A very trendy type New York hotel...not like a hotel chain...more intimate. Great front desk personnel, all questions or issues were answered promptly. One night the hot water wasn't working, but was fixed in a few hours. Rooms are small, but if you get the superior room, you'll be fine. But be aware, even with this, no more than two people can fit comfortably in these rooms. Not much time spent in the room though, so it won't really matter. Bed is comfortable and linens were nice. Had trouble keeping the room cool at night...for some reason, the AC didn't always automatically kick on and it would get hot. Free coffee, danish and juice in the morning at the little hotel bar was nice...don't eat dinner there..the food was not very good. easy to get the Subway as well. I'd rate it as above average...about 4 stars. You really can't go wrong here and the price was resonable.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>this is a great hotel Would highly recommend this hotel. Right in Times Square so location is outstanding. The rooms were small but very tastefully appointed. Staff was curteous and helpful. Can't beat the value based on price.Only issue is that the continental breakfast was a bit lame...but then again I was not paying for breakfast so hard to complain.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cmacNYC
<Content>Top Shelf We stayed here on July 8th 2006, the King Penthouse was nice, the deck/terrace was huge, about a 20X20 space, patio furniture, no view but that didn't matter. It was a little pricey at $467. per night, however it was my love's birtday so money was not an issue. The furniture was a little dirty and worn out, stains on the upholstered white chairs and love seat, our butts hit the floor when we sat on them, worn out springs apparently. The bed was tight, and clean as was the bathroom which is what we look for. It had a fridge, wet bar, glasses, safe, tv, dining table (1 chair). Overall nice experience, staff was extremely helpful and courteous, continental breakfast was nice, great location, we walked to the marriot View restaurant for brunch, then we walked from there to see Spamalot at the Schubert theater, then we walked back to Hotel 41, nice. If they bought new sitting furniture along with new end tables it would improve th place immensely, and the 467 per night would feel somewhat more justified.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>small small small This is a hotel where you can stay if you never have been to the city before and plan on getting up and going from morning till night. If not, don't attempt it. Dont get me wrong the decor was nice and the hotel was clean but you have to walk sideways between the walls and the bed. We ended up leaving and going to the Crown Plaza where I know the rooms are nice sized.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel and location I had originally booked a much cheaper hotel in NY however, on reading the horrific reviews on this website, I immediately cancelled the original hotel and booked a room at Hotel 41 instead. I am so glad that I did, although it was over double the price, it was worth every extra penny.The location is a stones throw away from Times Square and a block away from the subway. I was suprised that despite this very little pedestrian and traffic noise could be heard from the hotel. The air conditioning and visitors in other rooms however, could be heard. That said by the time you arrive back at the hotel totally exhausted, unless you are a very light sleeper this is not really an issue. Our room was small however, as it is only needed for sleeping and storing purchases in, this was not an issue. Although on one evening when we arrived back too tired to go out again, it was nice that we had our own DVD player and choice of free DVD's to watch. Our room also had its own safe which was extemely handy for storing our money and passports. The room itself was cleaned on a daily basis and was filled with Aveda bath products which was a real treat. The bed linen was lovely and the beds although small were very comfy, especially the big fluffy pillows.The staff were very friendly, which given reviews on other hotels in NY this was a pleasant suprise. I would recommend this hotel to any of my family or friends who were visiting NY and wanted to be right in the middle of the action. I loved it and if I ever go back this will be my first choice of hotel.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel = Hotel 41!!! Stayed at the Hotel 41 on our first visit to New York. Chose the hotel based on its feature on CNN and the reviews from fellow travellers on this website. We knew ahead of time that the rooms were going to be somewhat cozy, but that didn't change our mind to stay there anyway. When we got there we were quite early and were unable to check until 3:00 p.m., but the hotel allowed us to store our luggage (free of charge) until we could check in. The front desk staff is very friendly and helpful, especially if you need directions to somewhere around the city, or if you need a good place for food delivery. Our room was upgraded, which was very nice; glad to know that we wouldn't have to stay in one of the much smaller rooms. As others have mentioned, the room is small compared to other ones, but it was nice and clean. The continental breakfast is great, coffee, juice, bagels, pasteries, etc. The morning service staff is also friendly too. Absolutely loved the hotel bellstaff, they're more than willing to help with your luggage, and always friendly everytime you're in/out of the hotel. The location is great; subway stop is super close, and super close to the heart of Times Square. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beachvaca
<Content>Great location, great hotel! My husband and I just returned from a NYC. I'd been looking for a hotel in Times Square for $200 or less for Memorial Day weekend. We found Hotel 41 and were very pleased! Upon arrival we were upgraded from a std room with double bed to a King suite for only $20/nt. The hotel clerk warned that it was on the 2nd floor and that it could get noisy from the hotel bar. However, we were back in our room around 11pm and we didn't hear any noise from the bar or from the street. I was prepared for a very small room, however I was pleasantly surprised with the size. We had a King bed, a sofa, desk and bathroom with a jacuzzi tub. The room was clean and comfortable. Hotel 41 also offers a complimentary continental breakfast in the bar area. It was your basic offerings of pastries, bagels, juice, coffee. This was a great way to get us fueled up to head into the city for a day of walking. Location is great. Hotel 41 is in the middle of Times Square and is across the street from a subway station. It is near restaurants, theaters, shops and all the major mid-town sights. On our day of check-out the hotel staff allowed us to leave our baggage with them as we continued to tour the city until our departure time. Theywere friendly and willing to do what they could to help us. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Fantastic hotel in a great, central location. Staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Our room was upgraded when we arrived which was great as I wouldn't have liked to have been in a smaller one. Yes - compact rooms but very clean and quiet. We were able to eat breakfast in the bar which was nice - pastries, coffee and bagels etc. Reception and door staff always took the time to greet us and recommend trips or shows and give directions. We would definitely stay Hotel 41 again and would have no hesitation in recommending it to other travellers.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful! A great value in the City at a great location! A very short walk and you are in the middle of Times Square and all of the theaters. The staff was absolutely wonderful and very helpful. Upgrade to the Superior rooms is worth the extra money. It even includes breakfast!  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service I expect small rooms in NYC and these are typical of other hotels in the area. The staff was very friendly and quick to service our needs. We had (or caused) a power anomaly in our room they thought initially they could not fix until the next day. We were promptly given a new room...a wonderful upgrade to the top floor. We will stay here again without hesitation.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My favorite NY hotel Attractive, quiet rooms -- above the 2nd floor (the bar downstairs can be loud). The rooms are small -- like a European hotel -- but they are clean, modern, with free internet service. The hotel is conveniently located, and the staff are friendly. I love it!  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Debbie0405
<Content>Lovely wee hotel with great location I booked this hotel after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor when going to NY at the end of Nov/start of Dec, and found it to be brilliant. Its wonderful for a wee stay in NY, with its location near to the Bus Terminal, Theatres and a stones throw away from Times Square with all its amenities, however you dont hear any of the noise. Yes the rooms are tiny, but you'll never be in it anyway, what matters is that it was very clean with a lovely tiled bathroom. The staff are very friendly and helpful. Also, the hotel bar is lovely for a relaxing drink after a long days sighseeing. The breakfast was great including complimentary bagels and pastries, coffee/ tea, great for the day ahead. I would definitely stay there again, as you couldnt get a better location and the place was lovely.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CHAMBEAU
<Content>Great Staff/Awful Room If the size of the rooms was doubled, this would be an absolutely GREAT hotel. The staff was wonderful, the continental breakfast nice. Noise from Times Square was minimal, and everything was nearby. However, this is without doubt the smallest hotel room anyone will ever offer. It was 7 feet wide and 11 feet long. There are no luggage stands because there is no place to put them. There is only one small nightstand because the room isn't wide enough for two. I actually had trouble finding a horizontal surface to lay my sunglasses down. For the few dollars difference in price, I suggest you book at the Hilton or the Raddison, both of which also offer similar amenities.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	1	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hellsbellshells
<Content>Convenient Hotel, But..... My partner and I stayed at Hotel 41 for 3 days in May 2006. We'd booked the hotel through Opodo, which offered the best deal, and paid a little more to have the larger 135sq ft room based on the reviews here on trip advisor (total cost was roughly 拢490 for the 3 nights).The best bits first.... - the location is brilliant if you really want to be in the heart of things. There's loads to see and do in the near vacinity, great access to the subway, great places for breakfast and dinner etc... - staff were welcoming, friendly and helpful from the moment we entered - the room (more on that in a -ve slant below) was pleasantly decorated (modern  clean) with a great shower and lovely complementary Aveda products. In our larger room there was also plenty of wardrobe space, 2 windows (looking into a gap between 2 buildings), a full length mirror, TV, fridge, desk etc....The bits that mean we wont stay again (but aren't bad....) - theres no getting away from the fact that the hotel is quite noisy! Yes I know It's in Times Square...what do you expect but not only was there the general street noise but also noise from the rooms above and next door and the constant noise of the air conditioning machines from the buildings next door which affected our sleep. - with reference to the room size that seems to be the biggest issue with many past guests. Our 135sq ft room was fine. Admittedly it was compact but how much time do you spend in your room anyway when you're in New York? So saying that we did have a peek in one of the more typically-sized rooms and they are tiny with little space to move. If you accept that that is the case when booking then you wont be dissapointed but be prepared for a nicely decorated box room!- the complementary breakfast (which you are inevitably paying for in your hotel cost!!) is fine (one basket of bagels, a slow table top grill and some miny pastries) and served in the bar but if you want something better and have a few dollars to spend the Europa Cafe down the street towards Times Sq has fantastic pancakes, muffins and sausage bagels for breakfast!Overall this is a good hotel, with a great location and friendly staff. I don't think you'll be dissapointed if you've booked to stay there. We wont be going back as I would prefer somewhere more spacious and luxurious and possibly a bit further out of Times Square but that is purely personal preference.Hope you have a great stay!  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cman66
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel in Great Location This is my second time in staying at Hotel 41 and they did a great job again. Not only is it very convenient to everything; Subway, Theaters, Times Square, It is also quiet and you get a great nights sleep. I love the bathrooms, nice large showers with Aveda products. Nice continental breakfast with Cappuccino bar included in the price. Very friendly staff as well. Over all a great boutique hotel in the heart of Times Square. Will stay again.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Book the king-size! Mum, my sister and I stayed there for a few days in mid-March, in one of the two rooms that each had a king-size bed and a pullout couch. Pretty room, not cramped at all, though there wasn't much storage space. Not a problem in the bed room, where we simply put our luggage at the edge of the room against the walls. More problematic in the bathroom, esp. with three women! Not much space for toiletries. That was the only downside, though. The dvd rental, bar fridge, decor, bottled water, free internet access were all appreciated. The room overlooks a small, absolutely quiet alley or narrow courtyard. A skylight over the king-size bed provides additional light.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Daz4Me
<Content>Location Perfect - Consider Other Reviews Regarding Room Size We stayed at Hotel 41, The location of this hotel was perfect.We were informed on arrival we had been 鈥淯pgraded鈥?br/>One cannot imagine what the 鈥淪tandard Room鈥?consisted of, compared to our 鈥淯pgraded Room鈥?I would strongly advise anyone considering this hotel to pay particular attention to everyone's comments on the room size.Whilst the staff are very accommodating, and the breakfast buffet sufficient, I'm afraid this does not make up for the room size, which we found VERY DISSAPOINTING.Our holiday would have been more enjoyable if we had a room with a little more space.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Reekas_Travels77
<Content>Not Bad My friend and I stayed at Hotel 41 in Times Square in NYC. The room was incredibly SMALL, if you are a claustrophobic, this is not the hotel for you. Although the room was small for 2 people, the place was clean, very nice, and the staff was very helpful and friendly. The location can't be beat - being right in Times Square. One of the only issues I found was that it is MUCH harder to get a cab in the area with the concentration of visitors in Times Square.As a fequent visitor to NYC, a small note of caution to other visitors, if possible, does not eat around Times Square, the prices for food and drink are 5 times more expensive then eating in other areas of NYC. You are better off eating in SOHO, Chinatown, Korean Town, The Village, anywhere else. Better food and lower prices.All in all, Hotel 41 was not a bad place to stay. My only major issue was you are forced to charge a $50/per night hold fee to stay in the Hotel above the cost of what you pay. Apparently, after a few weeks, the hold will be removed and your card won't get charged. That was a bit shady.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Hotel I stayed at the Hotel 41 with my Husband, we were expexting small rooms but were SO surprised. We were greeted by friendly staff who went out of ther way to help, the room was a nice size and V clean. The location of the hotel is right on Time Square so ideal for the heart of New York - The bar/resturant areaa was just ideal with a fresh New York bagel breakfast provided. You hear such stories of hotel nightmares in NY but I STRONGLY RECOMMEND Hotel 41 we would definatley stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TerryM5150
<Content>Great little hotel As everyone is saying - yes the room was smaller than average but other things more than make up for it. It had THE best linens I have ever slept on in a hotel. And a nice robe and Aveda products in the bathroom along with a great magnifying mirror. I had no problems with the hot water either. I found the staff to be very helpful and friendly. Especially when I got sick during my stay and they got a doctor for me to make a hotel call and they later sent me a lovely note saying they hoped I was feeling better. The wake-up calls were right on time and they ordered a car for me to take me back to the airport. The location was perfect and I would definitely stay there again !!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cipi2000
<Content>Hip Boutique but Very Mixed Review - Tons of Potential Fabulous location - next door to RENT and Sports Club Gym ($10 xtra) - Trendy, compact - Rm 502 faced the street (nice!); booked LARGER room; we were convinced it was a huge mistake, called the Front Desk who assured us this WAS their largest room. It was the size of my walk-in closet - felt like we were on a boat, everything was so compact and squeezed together - SHORT double bed - our toes barely made the edge and we are 53!!! Nice pillows, Nice Linens but thin blanket (no down) 20 Hospital TV on high brackets in corner (BUT WITH DVD - nice library to borrow - FREE). So for an avg of $259 you get this tiny room, short double bed, smallish TV, powder rm size bathrooom (pedestal sink, 1 small shelf, shower (no bathtub), 1 day water took 10 minutes to heat, next day 5 minutes, 1 small dorm closet with 2 drawers in the entire rm, nice size fridge, small desk, very clean, new ,COOL room, semi-friendly staff, delicious breakfast - bagels, juice, danish, coffees all day (but none in room) in very nice bar area with tables and plasma TV: One day there was ONE bagel left one hr before closing but nobody cared; Besides one VERY sweet staff person, others were not very friendly. SO Good value, great location, clean  cool but I would not go again especially not with another person!! Great potential if there was more storage, shelves, drawers, down comforter, bigger TV, coffee pot in room, friendlier staff - 2.25 stars...  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Jamos
<Content>Perfect positioning We loved this hotel. The rooms were small as everyone has said and yes the wall was only a couple of feet from the window, but that meant we could be in the centre of town and no noisy disturbances. The great thing about small hotels is the personal service and we got plenty of that, everyone was really helpful, they booked a jazz club for us, sorted out our shuttle and breakfast was always fresh and plentiful.We went over to West 46th at 8th avenue to eat, there were loads of restaurants, including the bangkok house a wonderful thai place, and not to expensive.We had snacks in the hotel as well, at night when the bar is buzzing.We'll certainly go back it's a great central position and very intimate  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dan339g
<Content>Very good and fairly priced, but not great I would say my experience was consistent with most of the other reviews. If you're traveling to the city for the theater or other mid-town tourist sites, the location is perfect...literally steps to Times Square. I've learned that in NYC, it's best to plan lodging location around your evening events to minimize the trip home. As others have stated, the size of the rooms are much smaller than usual for US hotels. I was upgraded to a superior room (#605)which included a double bed, fridge, writing desk, built in wardrobe, small TV, and a dvd player. There was also a bathroom with a pedestal sink, toilet, and shower stall. I was told the size of this room is 135 sq ft, which felt about right. As a single traveler, this size was fine but it would be very tight for a couple on an extended stay.The overall condition was very good, but not great. It was certainly clean, and the quality of the linens and toiletries is high. There were some scuff marks on the walls by the bed(as a result of the narrow space I suspect), and a large burn mark from a clothes iron on the carpet but these items were certainly not significant. The biggest issues were the smell of cigerette smoke from the vent in the bathroom (this was a non-smoking room), and the inconsistent hot water availability in the mornings. The room was fairly quiet, with no discernable street noise and only occasional sounds from people in the hall. The staff was cordial and professional, although not overly friendly.Overall, I was satisfied for the rate paid and would probably stay again, but it wouldn't take much to boost this place from very good to great. I hope the management reads these reviews.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel 41 Mixed Bag.. I think one of these reviewers stayed in the same room I did..the room is literally a closet, with a small bathroom, window facing brick wall, directly across from the elevator. I picked a small room to save money for shopping, thinking we wouldn't be in the room that much, anyway. Big mistake..even if you spend most of the time out, a small claustrophobic room, with the noise of people using the elevator, isn't pleasant, especially for two. The comp breakfast is nice, but I found the staff on duty not all that friendly, the lady in charge of the breakfast wouldn't crack a smile, even when greeted first...but that was our experience. The best thing is getting food at Duke's a block or two away. The best macaroni and cheese in town! and for RENT-o-philes, our beloved play is right next door.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gill247
<Content>I Loved This Hotel!!! We stayed at Hotel 41 for 4 nights on our recent holiday to NY. I have been to NY before but this was my first stay at Hotel 41 and it did not dissapoint.On arriving we were told that we had been upgraded, free of charge, to a superior room. We were also given a room facing the street so our fears of having a brick wall view were quickly dashed. The room, although not the biggest I have stayed in, was perfect. A comfy bed, soft sheets, tv/dvd, a safe (free of charge), plenty of storage space, an iron, aveda products and large shower. We had been worried about the amount of space in the room as we were on a shopping trip and knew we would have lots of bags, however after 5 days of serious shopping there was still room to store our bags and move about the room.The staff are all extremelly friendly and the reception staff really helped us with queries and directions. The complimentary breakfast is a great bonus to this hotel. On offer was Orange Juice, Hot Drinks, Scones, Muffins, Pastries, Bagels, Cream Cheese and Jams. There is even a toaster / heater to warm your Bagels. This breakfast filled us up until mid afternoon. The location of the hotel is perfect for visiting all of Manhattan. Directly across from the hotel is the subway station for uptown and downtown trains. Times Square is a 2 minute walk where you can find lots of restaurants, shops etc. Tip - The Red Lobster restaurant across the road is a fabulous place to eat. Great menu, huge portions, friendly staff and a really nice NY atmosphere. All in all I would definately reccommend this hotel to everyone. I cant praise it enough and will definately be returning to this hotel time and time again.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Trendy Little Boutique Hotel I have stayed at the Hotel 41 twice in the last month. I was very happy with both stays. It has a very hip, clean feel to it that appears to be recently updated. Key benefits. Great location, great price (for NYC), very helpful and knowledgeable staff. It reminds me of a european style hotel.The beds were extremely comfortable (if not a little small). I am even going to call them to find out where they got their pillows. What didn't bother me, but may bother some people is that the rooms are small. The rooms aren't the size we have come to expect in the US. Considering in NYC you can pay a lot more for a little larger room which was last redecorated in the Carter Administration, this is a big upgrade from that. There wasn't a lot of storage room in my room. Which reminded me of traveling in Europe.I would stay here again and will.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RomanticFool
<Content>Great value - choose a larger room We travelled there at Christmas time and thought the hotel was fantastic value, considering what some other hotels were charging for the holiday period.Having read some of the other reviews, we stayed in the Queen Penthouse suite which wasn't a huge room but more than adequate for our 3-night stay and, as a smoker, the outside terrace overlooking the street below and part of 7th Avenue was handy. We thought it was great value for money, especially as the price included a continental breakfast in the mornings, capuccinos and other soft drinks all day and complimentary wine and chocolates in the room.The location is just fantastic to walk around all the tourist hot spots - Times Square, the theatre district, the shops on 5th Ave and Central Park. The bar at the hotel is quite cool for cocktails before going out to eat.I think on my next trip to NYC I'll probably stay somewhere more expensive for comparison purposes, as the rates won't be as high during non-holiday season, but anticipate I'll wonder whether it was paying the extra as we coudn't really fault Hotel 41 for the price or the level of service we received.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AltaPat
<Content>Adequate for a short stay We stayed at Hotel 41 for 4 nights, arriving December 25, 2005. The following are what we liked about our room:1. the bed was comfortable and the sheets were clean;2. the bathroom was clean;3. there was a fridge in the room for water, etc.;4. the bathroom had a dryer, make up mirror, Aveda products, and even a shower cap and Q-tips;5. there was an iron;6. the carpet was clean;7. the staff were friendly;8. the location was excellent.We did not like the following:1. the size of the room, which felt cramped and the bed was in an alcove with about a foot on each side to walk in;2. there were no bed side tables;3. there was a burn mark on the carpet that appeared to have been made by an iron;4. there were spots on the bedspread;5. the walls were dirty;6. the water took 5 minutes to heat up. On the second day of our stay, there was no hot water all day. We were given a credit of $50.00 but would have preferred the hot water;7. there was a smell of cigarette smoke coming from somewhere in the evenings;8. the ironing board was one of those small ones that aren't very handy;9. the cost of the room was too much for what you got - we paid $189.00 the first two nights and $269.00 the next two nights, not including any taxes;l0. when we were given our bill, there was a space for a tip. I have never seen this before on a hotel bill; and11. the view was a brick wall.Generally, we may have expected too much from this hotel, given some of the 4 star plus ratings. We did enjoy our stay in New York and at first we contemplated not sending in this review because our complaints are not major. However, since we use Tripadvisor all the time to check on rooms where we plan to go, we thought we had the obligation to let others know of our experience as well.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MrsMungo
<Content>A little disappointed We stayed in room 607 over Thanksgiving and was slightly disappointed. Because the room was so small, the wall closest to the bed (like 18 inches away) was quite scuffed and grubby. Also, if the room had been vacuumed around the edges, the deep red carpet would've looked a lot better. Storage space was adequate. The heater unit was quite annoying, as it kept going on/off all night long - and it needed to be on as it was quite cold during our trip.Occasionally had to leave the shower five mins or longer for the water to run hot. And I just didn't get the hairdryer. It blows warm on a very slow speed and if you speed it up, it blows cool. It took forever to dry my hair, so suggest taking your own. Also, there was a peculiar smell of cigarette smoke that came in through the bathroom somehow. Hotel staff did spray with air freshener on request. Loved the Aveda products in the bathroom, which was clean and had a great toilet seat that lowered itself.It's unbelievably peaceful, given its location. Reception staff and doormen were really friendly and the breakfast offered was basic, but good.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Lifeisgood101
<Content>Just Right! My husband and I recently spent four nights here on our first trip to New York City. We chose Hotel 41 because of its location, reviews on tripadvisor.ca, and relative price compared to similar hotels available at our time of booking (August!). We were very happy with the service we received and with the level of professionalism of the staff. Requests that we made prior to arriving were taken care of as asked. The doormen were polite and always ready for action.Our room was on the third floor at the back and was exactly what I expected. Small (135 sq ft), but clean and efficiently laid out. Aveda products were restocked twice while we were there. We honestly did not spend much time in the hotel room other than to change for dinner and sleep so it served its purpose wonderfully!We were most happy with the location of the hotel which is right across the street from the subway and situated in Times Square. We had no difficulty getting North to Central Park, South to Battery Park (ferry) and all points between including Greenwich Village and Soho. It is an easy walk to Rockefellar Center, Macy's, all of the beautiful stores on 5th Avenue, and the heart of Times Square. The continental breakfast was adequate with coffee, hot chocolate, tea, juice, bagels, and danishes. Saves you $8 - 12 that it would otherwise cost you for a couple to eat out each morning! We only had time to read the free New York Times once.All in all, it was just right for our stay. Thank you Hotel 41!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mokolino
<Content>Hotel 41 - Get better bang for your bucks elsewhere Hotel 41 was fine. Staff fairly helpful, rooms spotlessly clean (but tiny), nice continental breakfast. But to be honest you are paying an awful lot of money for what you get. Location is good (I suppose that is what you are paying for), but hey, you are hardly struggling for public transport in this city. Next time I will stay somewhere more reasonable downtown (where the nightlife is)and use the subway for anywhere I want to get to during the day. At the end of the day all you want is somewhere clean to lay your weary head.... you can get that elsewhere for less money and use what you save to party!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Nimes
<Content>Loved Hotel 41 Excellent hotel, just off Times Square. Staff helpful and attentive. The standard rooms are very small--(double bed width plus just enough room to get down one side and double bed plus 4-5 foot in length)- The bathroom has a largish shower and everything else you need. Good wardrobe space. In short when you are in New york, you are not going to spend much time in your room-with this hotel you know what your are getting, and it is very clean, modern, quite and you get a free light breakfast!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location! A friend and I stayed in this hotel about 3 weeks ago; I chose it because it was one of the very few which still had rooms available, was near Times Square and ...only had good reviews on this website.I can only add mine. Indeed the rooms and the beds are small but it didn't bother us. The bathroom was clean, the shower was big (one negative point: sometimes having hot water meant patience). The staff was really nice and helpful (the doorman spent 30 minutes outside trying to find us a taxi van).One negative aspect: we could hear eveything that was happening in the hall and in the room next to ours which, one night, appeared to be rather annoying :)  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kmcmcm
<Content>It's worth staying in Times Square We recently spent one night at Hotel 41 and were impressed and would stay there again. Our room 鈥?on the 4th floor near the elevator was clean and actually very, very quiet. Since there aren鈥檛 many rooms on each floor, the elevator 鈥渄ing鈥?was not a frequent problem. The shower did not have a curtain, which kept it cleaner, but a considerable amount of water did splash onto the floor. Our Superior room was small (expected in Manhattan), but the bathroom was a good size (my husband is 6鈥?鈥? and the room did have closet space, a desk, several drawers and plenty of floor space. The DVD library offered to guests is a nice touch. Travelers with a week鈥檚 worth of luggage would certainly find the room much tighter than we did and will have to organize their things. We had no problems checking in and the staff pleasantly held onto our luggage after check out so we could explore further.Location - superior as expressed by other reviewers. Hands down. The constant flow of people seeing RENT next door makes the street feel secure and less remote. Breakfast 鈥?bagels, Danish, juice, tea and coffee. Lite and free food to help start your day that tasted fresh!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A real gem! Mirroring comments by other reviewers, we thought this place was the business! We were there in February when it snowed quite heavily and this just added to our magical experience.The hotel is absolutely perfectly situated for sight-seeing, being just seconds away from bustling Time Square and several subway stations which (if you're not the walking-type) quickly take you north towards Central Park and south to the Statue of Liberty etc. It's also got some great places to eat and snack nearby, including Joe Allen's, where all the stars seem to dine pre-theatre.Yes, the rooms are a bit small, but not uncomfortably so, and they're clean and the shower is good. And anyway, you shouldn't be spending more time in the room than it takes you to sleep and get changed! Ask for a room at the back of the hotel, and although you won't have a 'view', you won't get bothered by any noise from the roads.We found the staff to be very welcoming and helpful. Don't forget to tip the poor doorman before you leave, as he happily and faithfully opens the door for you every time, no matter how many times you come and go!The stylish hotel bar at night is cool, with an extensive choice of wines and cocktails, and an interesting non-resident clientele. We got engaged whilst we were in NYC, and the bar staff were really lovely to us!We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Hotel41, and when we go to NYC again, we will definitely consider staying here again.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>alimac23
<Content>Ask for a high floor! Great hotel in an excellent location, just off Times Square and next door to the Nederlander Theatre (home of the musical Rent). Rooms very clean and lovely fresh muffins at breakfast!Beware if your room is on the first floor, we could hear the noise from the hotel bar below. It does close at a reasonable hour,but if you need an early night after a hard day sightseeing then ask for a high floor cos it did keep us awake.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Nancy875_123
<Content>If location is what you want... Hotel 41 is for you!We just returned from a long weekend at Hotel 41 and were very, very pleased about our stay. The hotel is absolutely, without a doubt, perfectly situated for a tourists visit to NYC. Literally steps from Times Square, Hotel 41 was a clean, quiet and comfortable retreat from the hustle and bustle of NYC. The rooms are small, as other reviewers have said. But I am a large person and I had no problems getting around the room or the bathroom. We stayed in Room 402, directly next to the flashing red RENT sign, and directly above 41st Street. The shade and curtains were enough to block out most of the light - I actually have more light coming in my bedroom window in my surburban home than I did at Hotel 41.The staff was very friendly and accommodating, at reception and at Bar 41 for breakfast and a late night snack. They held our bags for us without charge on our last morning so that we could do some more sightseeing.Although this, for some reason, was a very expensive weekend in NYC for hotel rooms, I loved my stay at Hotel 41 and recommend it enthusiastically to all.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>boogiebot
<Content>comfy and location to die for My husband and I stayed in hotel 41 for 4 nights at the end of Oct 05 - largely as a result of reviews here, and it was everything I thought it would be. Small but perfectly formed! The staff were courteous and helpful, though we didn't require them much as everything was as promised. The rooms are small (we had a superior), but comfortable with all necessities plus a few luxuries - toiletries, fluffy bathrobe (only 1 per room so you will be fighting over it!), dvd player and spring water on arrival.The included breakfast - bagels, pastries, tea, coffee, orange juice - was pleasant and quite sufficient to set you up for the day.only one gripe - don't order a guinness in the bar - $8 for a can!and the famouse new york traffic noise? non existent (this may be due to construction further down 41st cutting down through traffic) so a full night's sleep guranteed jet lag permitting. location wise this hotel is perfect, especially for a first trip - 2 minutes from times square and the port authority (important if you're getting the airport bus) and they kept our luggage until late afternoon on our last day for no charge.All in all Hotel 41 contributed to making my first trip to New York a memorable one for all the right reasons!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Toastie
<Content>Nice hotel but expensive Just returned from a stay at Hotel 41. It was a great looking hotel, both inside and outside. The staff were very pleasant and helpful. The room was ok - clean and tidy but VERY small. It felt a little claustrophobic as there was only just enough room for a double bed, without luggage etc! The bathroom was nicely styled but small. Shower ok but not much pressure. The free toiletries weren't replenished during our stay at all. The breakfasts were ok quality wise, but there was very little choice available - bagels, bagels or bagels. It was a good location (just off Times Square) and VERY quiet. Overall stylish stay but not particularly good value for money.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, maybe a wee bit over priced? A nice small hotel, with lovely staff. Rooms small, and having a brick wall outside your window is a bit depressing. However, I was there alone on business so perhaps spent a bit more time in the hotel than your average tourist. TV and dvd player great, although limited choice of dvds to hire, but nice touch nonetheless. Rooms very clean, nice Aveda products in the bathroom. Breakfast a bonus, but choice very limited - small pastries and bagels. After 4 mornings I was very bored of this choice! The bar, where breakfast is served is a bit dark, although free newspaper is a good touch.Location excellent, step out of the hotel at 10pm at night and the streets around Times Square are still heaving, and the shops still open! Which is good fun! YOu can walk to lots of tourist places nearby, and the tube is at the end of the street.Generally I found the hotel quiet (having a wall rather than a street outside probably helped) although I did have a room above the bar and found it very noisy until 11:30pm or so. Again, if you're a tourist rather than business traveller, you're more likely to actually be in the bar!My only gripes would be very poor lighting in the room (around the bed only) and limited breakfast choices for the room price. But hey, you're in NYC, so there's plenty of brekkie choices out there! All in all a nice small hotel, location and friendly staff being it's best features.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Shedding a little light on Hotel 41... I don't just want to repeat what's in the other reviews, so all I'll say is that Hotel 41 is in a great location with a subway stop right opposite.We were in a standard room, which was a good size, with a lovely little bathroom, tv, dvd player, internet connection, telephone etc. We knew from reading this site that the views were likely to be of a brick wall, however what we hadn't thought about was how this would effect natural light - which was my main problem with the hotel, when you're already jetlagged it doesn't help not being able to see what time of day it is. That's probably what would put me off staying there again.The breakfast was a bit of a plus and the staff friendly enough, but don't expect masses from the DVD library (it's very existance is a bit of a plus). And for the location, you won't find anywhere as nice for that kind of price.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small but perfectly formed! Hotel 41 is in a great location, next to Times Square, but the street itself is quite peaceful.It is next door to two theatres but we never heard any noise from people leaving. In fact the best entertainment was watching the guys dancing in the street to entertain the theatregoers. Their dancing was superb. The rooms are small (although we had a Superior Room which are slightly larger) but smartly decorated and comfortable (who goes to New York to sit in their rooms?) The breakfast room, which is the bar area at night, is a bit gloomy for breakfast, although nice and athmospheric for evenings. There is only bagels and tiny pastries for breakfast, which although very tasty, I must admit has all but put paid to my love of bagels and cream cheese!! The hotel staff were very pleasant and helpful. I liked the fact that this is a small hotel, as I have stayed in a huge hotel in New York and it was quite impersonal, not something we felt in Hotel 41.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Give this fabulous hotel a try! I stayed at Hotel 41 for 3 nights in late September. What a wonderful experience. The staff was warm, friendly and extremely helpful. I received extra towels and bed linens without even asking. My room was very quiet, comfortable and clean. One of my favorite shows Rent is right next door and I didn't hear anything. The bar is very nice and the food and drinks were delicious (including room service). The location is great and convenient to Times Square, the Theatre District and the subway among other things. I've been to NYC several times and this was my first stay at Hotel 41, but it defintely won't be my last. I can't wait to go back. Thanks Hotel 41!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the friendly people! Loved my stay at Hotel 41. Everyone was so warm and welcoming. The only complaint that I have is the shower in the Penthouse II. It is so high up and the water pressure isn't very good. Other than that, I loved it!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Spot We have never been to NYC but took a chance on this hotel and it came out a winner. Right in the middle of everything. You have the subway across the street in front of a huge Red Lobster. Time square in just a block away and you have the port authority a block away to catch a bus back to the airport. Nice people work there and made sure we made our Broadway Show of Rent next door when our flight came in late.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel 41 @ Times Square - A Perfrect Little Gem! Where do I begin? Well, having never been to New York before, we wanted a central base from which to explore (and do the obvious shopping!) I looked on Expedia to book up and the idea of a central thing went out the window when I found Hotel 41 to be one of the cheapest there... Not only was it VERY affordable, but also an amazing location... 10mins walk from Macy's, as long as it took you to get down in the lift and out the front to Times Square and the subway just outside the door! We were worried that the noise of the busy Theatre District might be too much at night but we didn't hear a sound... Needless to say, we were out all day so didn't hear anything then either! The room, although small, was perfectly formed. Lovely fresh bed linen, a gorgeous little bathroom (the shower I could've taken home had I not bought too many jeans, trainers etc!), small TV, perfect for us as all we wanted was somewhere to call home for a few nights...The complimentary breakfast was fantastic... Just enough to set you up for the day ahead... The staff were all very helpful with directions, advice and the DVD borrowing for the nights you're too exhausted to leave the hotel! What can I say, New York is an AMAZING place... Hotel 41 went a long way to make us leave with such a high opinion of the City. Perfect, will definitely be returning once I've saved up some more money to go on a massive spending spree once again! Thanks Hotel 41!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Experience My wife and I stayed for 8 nights in July, and it became like a second home to us.Yes, the rooms are small, but there is so much to see in NY that we weren't really there much. And when we were, it was always comfortable. The bed was great, the rooms clean, and the staff was very friendly.The fridge was great, as the weather was hot and humid, and we could keep our own bottled water in the fridge.The location of this hotel is amazing. It is only a few blocks to the NY Public Library, Times Sqaure, Grand Central, the PA bus terminal.... truly a perfect spot.This was my best all-time travel experience, and I would recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Skiman
<Content>Very nice Hotel! The Hotel 41 has an unique position in the very heart of Times Square. It is just 100 ft from a Metro Station, near many bus stops. The room are small (you do not have space to open 2 bags) but confortable, and very clean and fresh. The restroom is also small, but they are provided with very good branded shampoo. Unbelievable is the help given by the receptionist: they give you maps, information, always speaking in a 鈥渟low鈥?mode, easy to be understood also if you don鈥檛 speak English very well.The rates are acceptable, considering you are in NY, in the heart of Manhattan. Walking around, we have not seen hotels with the same price/quality ratio.The Bar at the ground floor is always crowded, but not too lousy. Our room were facing the street: during the early morning we heard the trucks removing the trash.. since there is no view to be viewed, I suggest you to ask for a different room location.Definitely, a very good hotel, friendly and not too much expensive.. I recommend it to every kind of traveller..  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely small boutique hotel We stayed in Oct 2004. The rooms aren't big, but then you don't go to NY to stay in your room!!. Staff great, breakfast a bonus and cocktail hour shouldn't be missed. Location great too, would book again, Neil Ann Liverpool  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>brett987650
<Content>Brilliant value, excellent location.       Hotel 41 at Times Square  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a fantastic location! A group of four of us stayed at this hotel for a week. The welcome we had from the friendly hotel staff was excellent and the complimentary bottle of water was fantastic - it was so hot! Our rooms (603 and 607) were very clean with good air conditioning units and weren鈥檛 noisy as some of the previous reviews had mentioned. In the rooms there is a small area to hang your clothes, two drawers, digital safe iron and ironing board, desk and alarm clock. The picture available on their website is a true reflection of the rooms we had.The bathrooms (with complimentary toiletries) were clean with bathrobes and the towels which were changed every day. The shower was very powerful and always hot. The hotel staff were excellent and very accommodating. The breakfasts were plentiful with bagels (and toasters), butter, jam and marmalade with pastries and muffins with orange juice and a machine offering all types of coffee. There are also complimentary copies of the New York Times.The hotel bar is busy from 4pm with an excellent atmosphere and a varied selection of beers and cocktails on offer 鈥?their 鈥榟appy hour鈥?is a great way to start your evening.  The most notable benefit of this hotel would be the fantastic location; the heart of Times Square, Manhattan is just a few steps away 鈥?it doesn鈥檛 get any better. There is a Metro stop opposite which covers most routes or you can walk a short distance to the Port Authority for the full range of lines.I would definitely stay in this hotel again and recommend it to my family and friends.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BHL
<Content>Great Bargain, Great Location I stayed for one night in early August in a standard room. The complimentary bottle of water upon check-in was highly welcome during the heat wave. I found a friendly doorman and front desk clerk. Check-in was swift, as was the elevator that took me to my fifth floor room. I had the quintessential NY brick wall view, but at least the wall was several feet away, so I was still allowed some sunshine. The mini-fridge was a nice surprise. The desk is small, and the clock and telephone were on the desk across the room, instead of next to the bed, which I found odd. But the room was clean, the air conditioning quiet, and the bathroom was modern. There was a complete lack of any sort of counter space in the bathroom, though. I ended up putting the mini ironing board across the sink and using that as a countertop. The location between Times Square and the Port Authority can't be beat. There was no doorman when I left my hotel the first time to call me a cab, so I just walked to the Port Authority and got in their cab line. However, upon checking out the next day, the doorman inquired if I needed a cab. The complimentary continental breakfast was sufficient and not overcrowded on the Sunday morning I was there, with plenty of free copies of the Times left. I would definitely stay here again simply because I usually bus it into the city, and being a three minute walk from the Port Authority can't be beat.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Hotel Book it ! This is a great hotel in a great location, you can't go wrong. Very friendly staff and very clean. We stayed on the 2nd floor (room 214) and never heard any of the noise from the downstairs bar. The room was perfect for 2 people enjoying N.Y. I was very impressed with this hotel and highly recommend it. Keep in mind, we stayed in a room perfect for 2 people. You will need to call the hotel if you plan on reserving a room with more people. I belive there are larger suites located on the end of the hallways. You'll need to check. Good points- Very Clean- Friendly, helpful staff- Room equipped with small refridgerator, iron/board.- Great little bar downstairs.- Continental breakfast with complimentary NY Times paper.- Awesome location.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kimmid
<Content>Great Hotel My boyfriend and I stayed at Hotel 41 last week (16th - 22nd July). This hotel is great - nice rooms, great food, helpful staff but most of all what a location!! Times Square is right on your doorstep but like other people have said without the noise. We stayed in a superior room which wasn`t that small. There was enough room for both of us and our shopping and still feel very comfortable. The bed is quite small but then we are both tall, me being 5ft 10 and my boyfriend 6ft 3. The bathroom was really nice, fresh towels everyday and a great powerful shower. You also get complimentry internet access which was great as it meant I could e-mail photos to my family and keep them posted on what we were up to. The breakfast was a great statr to the day with mini danish pastries (my personal favourite), bagels, muffins, coffee and some of the nicest orange juice I`ve had. The staff are very helpful, they are there if you have a problem (which should be quite unlikely) or just to ask what to do and where to eat and drink. If your after a nice friendly hotel right on Times Square go here, you can`t go wrong!! Just one tip (especially to all you brits as I know we all like our shopping!) nothing is at face value in New York (including food and drink). There is New York State tax added at the end which is just over 8%, so bare this in mind especially with the more expensive items as this can make a difference.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Hotel in the perfect location! Stayed for 6 nights in July. Ok here it goes鈥?hope this is useful鈥?br/>Hotel 41 is a modern boutique type hotel. Staff are all young and friendly and there is none of the uncomfortable 鈥減oshness鈥?of some of the other New York hotels, yet service is not slack. The front door is always opened for you and you will always be wished a good day! Nothing is too much trouble for the staff who can offer excellent advice on local restaurants and amenities etc鈥?1) Location 鈥?incredible. You really can not ask for a better or more central location. The heart of Times Square (i.e. centre of the universe) is literally only a 30 second walk away and the hotel is down a side street just off Times Square so you don鈥檛 get any of the noise or bustle. As mentioned in other reviews there is a major subway station 20 seconds walk from the hotel which has all the main routes (N, Q, R, W, S, 1, 2, 3  7 lines). Turn right out of the hotel and Macy鈥檚 is a direct 10 minute stroll down the street, and the Empire State is another 10 minutes on from this. Port Authority Bus Station is a 2 minute walk (maybe less) and from here you can catch buses direct to all the major airports 鈥?this costs $15 ($27 round trip) and buses leave/arrive every 20 minutes all day. I was going to get a taxi until I found out about this service 鈥?it is so reliable and cheap I鈥檇 recommend you do this. The Rockerfeller Centre is nearby also (can鈥檛 remember how far but I recall it is only about a 20 minute walk). All this means that you can easily pop back 2 or 3 times a day just to drop off your shopping without it spoiling the day or having to go out of your way.2) Rooms 鈥?after reading reviews here about the size of the rooms, I rang ahead to the hotel and upgraded to a superior room, so I can only comment on this. Note that if you book through expedia you will only get a standard room. We had room 202 which was on the front of the hotel so had a view of the street. It is my understanding not to expect good views from any of the rooms and there is at least one room whose view is directly onto a brick wall just a few inches away! Bear in mind that all you will do in the room is sleep and change so this doesn鈥檛 really matter. Our room was very clean with new sheets and towels every day. The cleaners seemed to spend at least 40 mins in each room. Air conditioning was excellent 鈥?the room was always nicely chilled. I found the room a good size with enough room to manoeuvre comfortably even with two cases and many bags of shopping on the floor (bear in mind there is no where in the room to stow away cases). There is a good sized digital safe. The bathroom was really nice and modern 鈥?all glass and white tiles with a huge mirror and good lighting. It was a good size, but there is only one small glass shelf for toiletries. A good TV and DVD player is in every room, and should you be bored there is a free DVD rental service available from the lobby. Our room was really quiet as we had no neighbours and the lobby was below. There is an iron and ironing board in every room, and the superior rooms each have a full sized fridge (left empty for your own drinks) 鈥?I don鈥檛 know if standard rooms have this. There is no mini-bar (a good thing!). People reviewing here seem to go on about the Aveda bath products that are complimentary in the bathroom, but these seemed nothing special and were just as those you get in any hotel 鈥?mini soap, shampoo, shower cap etc鈥?Note that the beds aren鈥檛 as big as you might expect for a double 鈥?anyone who is around 6鈥?tall will find their feet hanging out of the bottom of the bed!3) Services 鈥?complimetary breakfast is served in the smart and modern bar area from 7 to 11am. There was no variation, but I found the food to be excellent 鈥?bagels, mini Danish pastries, mini scones, mini muffins and plenty of tea, coffee, iced water and orange juice plus a free copy of The New York Times. The buffet never runs short on food and it is constantly restocked so don鈥檛 worry if you only get there at 10:50 鈥?you wont go hungry! When you check out (12:00 noon), the hotel will store your bags free of charge until you are ready to pick them up. Upon arrival in the lobby you will receive a nice bottle of ice cold water. We arrived an hour early for check-in (officially 3pm) but we were shown straight to out room.Summary 鈥?9 out of 10 (only for want of a bigger bed). I really, genuinely can鈥檛 fault this hotel; the rooms, the location鈥?all perfect! Staying here was the icing on the cake for a great holiday. Stay here before everyone else discovers it and the prices go up! I hope this is useful to anyone considering staying here! Enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty Good My fiance and I went for just two nights, and this place worked out great for us. The rooms are very small, but your in the middle of Manhattan, you shouldn't be spending much time in your room anyway. The location was great, we were basically right on the end of Times Square, just a few minutes and your right in the middle of it. We were able to walk all over, up to Central Park, Empire State building, 5th Ave, and Rockefeller center, and the Ed Sullivan theatre. And your just a few blocks from the subway to take you anywhere else. (We Felt very safe everywhere we went by the way, cops are everywhere). The Hotel was very nice, especially in the lobby. It was pretty modern looking, and the employees are very helpful. The breakfast in the morning was nothing to get to excited over, but it was free, and in their very modern looking restaurant. I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to New York, especially for the first time visitor. You will be taken care of.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice nice friendly staff, clean rooms, quiet, great location.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>came for business and pleasure came to NYC for business and stayed an extra 3 nights for pleasure. The location of the hotel is perfect. If you fly in Newark airport in NJ there is a bus that takes you to the Port Authority in NYC. The Port Authority is less than 1 full block from the hotel so you don't need another taxi or train. The hotel is right around the corner from Times Square and right accross the street is access to the subway with too many subway lines to list. NYC hotels are very expensive. For the price this place was great even is the room is on the small side.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hey-jude230
<Content>Coffee Lovers will love Hotel 41 ! Stayed at Hotel 41 in April. Was given a small (10ftX10ft?) room that was dirty, even a shoe print on the wall! Called the front desk immediately and was given a better bigger room the next day. The breakfast for us was perfect. good coffee, bagels , muffins, cappuccino and espresso. Great location if you want to be in the heart of midtown Manhattan. Nice young staff. Bar a bit noisy and crowded at night.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An absolute Gem!!! My husband and I stayed here for a week on our honeymoon from 4th - 11th May 2005 and were unbelievably impressed with this hotel. It was great. The location was absolutely brilliant - literally a stones throw away from the centre of Times Square yet with none of the noise. Ideally located for all the major sights (we walked everywhere - Empire State, Rockefellar Centre, Grand Central, Macys etc etc) and a subway station was located right over the road. The staff were all very friendly, happy to recommend restaurants/shows etc and the rooms were immaculate. Our room was cleaned to the highest standard every day and we have absolutely no complaints whatsoever. I wouldnt consider staying anywhere else when I return to New York. This was a 3 star hotel with the rooms, services and staff of a 5 star plus and was a great start to our honeymoon.**As recommended by the hotel staff - try out the Westway Diner on 43rd and 9th - best breakfast we had in NYC!!!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Little Hotel We decided to stay at hotel 41 after reading other hotel's reviews, which mentioned rats, blocked toilets and broken air conditioning. This was a lovely little hotel, the rooms were on the small side but we knew this before we booked the holiday, we were happy to sacrifice space for air conditioning that worked!The staff were friendly and extremely helpful. The rooms are well decorated and the bathrooms are well designed, with nice toiletries!. The breakfast was lovely and there was still plenty to eat for those who like a late breakfast. The view from our room could have been better, but overall it was an enjoyable stay in a perfect location.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CA_Foodie
<Content>Smallest room ever My husband and I stayed at this hotel in early May. We will probably not return to this hotel again.After reading all the postings on TripAdvisor, we decided to book a superior double room instead of a standard double room. The room that we got was barely large enough for the smallest double bed we've ever seen. The bed was so short that my husband, who is 6 foot tall, just fit on the bed. This made it rather uncomfortable, and difficult to get a good night's sleep. There was just enough room on either side of the bed to walk around the bed. The hotel's in room literature describes the desk as spacious, which it definitely was not. Once you put a laptop computer on the desk, there is very little room for anything else. Our room was on one of the top floors, so we had a view of the HVAC equipment on the roof, which was covered with plastic bags. But at least we had some light during the day.The hotel front desk staff was very helpful during our stay. But the breakfast staff was not so friendly. If you're not an early riser, the breakfast selection will not be quite as plentiful, and you probably won't get a copy of the New York Times.The location is great if you will mainly visit the Times Square / Midtown areas, because you can walk to most places. There is also a subway stop across the street at the corner of 7th Ave. But we found ourselves going downtown to the Lower East Side, Meatpacking District, Noho for lunch and dinner every day. So, for our purposes the location actually wasn't all that convenient.We just didn't feel like we got good value for the amount of money we paid for the room.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Dally
<Content>Everything I needed and then some The staff is excellent and very helpful. This hotel is close to anything you could possibly do in New York, one block from a subway station and two blocks from the Port authority bus terminal and three from Grand Central Station. I will recommend it to all my friends and will definitely stay here the next time I am in New York. There is no point in mentioning the small rooms, other people have already done that, but, since I only used my room to sleep and dress it is well worth the price  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>location! location! location! Wow! What a city! We have just returned from a 4 day break to new york staying in the hotel 41 . we took advice from trip advisor reviews and so glad we did. we thank you for this. everything we read was true so we were prepared.rooms - they were small (hardly spent time in there- too much to do!) but cleaned everyday and fresh towels everyday,the bed linen was fresh and clean(important to me!)air conditioning unit quite noisy but we just unplugged it at night - not a problem to us- we had a room to the front of the hotel which was quite noisy- we asked if we could be moved to a quieter room this was done straight away for us-Location - superb - right on the edge of times square- - subway- taxi terminal and bus terminal minutes away- shops, restaurants, theatres,bars right on your doorstepbar - the drinks in the hotel we found quite expensive but fine as a one off at the beginning or the end of an evening- it was very comfortable and had bowls of snacks on the bars to dip into.breakfast and coffee making facilities - the breakfast was complimentary continental - it was fresh bagels, cream cheese,jam,marmalade and lots of different pastries and cakes - tea, coffee ,orange juice as much as you can eat (luverly juberly) not good for my waistline- would have liked to have seen some fresh fruit as a choice - but it was complimentary! coffe was complimentary up until 4.00pm this was a shame as when we did want one it was usually in the evening so we had to find a starbucks which was obviously only minutes away.reception area and service- there was always someone on reception waiting to give you friendly advice- and a doorman to open the door for you and to wish you a good day- all in all i would definately recommend this hotel for your stay in new york - a small friendly boutique hotel - living on the edge!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CaliBoBo
<Content>Great Hotel, great decor, great location! My husband and I recently stayed at Hotel 41 for 8 nights. We absolutely loved it! It was exactly what we wanted, a boutique hotel that was modern and clean and we could afford. The staff was friendly, the free b-fast was good (saved us lots of money). The bar had an excellent happy hour and was a great place to chill. The rooms are small there is no doubt about that. If you have the extra money to spend I would pay for the suite which is on the front side of the building (more light and more space). Staying so close to the RENT theater we were able to put our names in for the lottery and won, 2 front row center tickets to Rent for $20 each can't beat it. If you are a RENT fan as I am, you will have the added bonus of seeing some of the cast hang out at the Hotel 41 Bar. The guests seemed to be either international or in their late twenties-early thirties which I fit into :)Have fun and make sure to see RENT!  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel and super location. Stayed here for 4 days. We had requested the superior room which gives you that bit more room and a fridge. More lights in rooms would help and also in bar area. Very clean, helpful staff and very convenient for tourist attractions. Underground on 42nd street, most lines go through Times Sq station. No noise at night. Compilmentary breakfast is also an added convenience and very nice too.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Weeeeeeeee
<Content>Clean, Contemporary, Friendly! My boyfriend and I stayed at Hotel 41 the week before Christmas 2004. TripAdvisor was a big help while researching places to stay. Since the two of us are poor college students, we definitely had a tight budget. Hotel 41 was not only incredibly affordable (compared to other hotels in the vacinity), but it was also a pleasure to stay in. Our room was pretty small, but considering we were only there to sleep and shower, that aspect didn't bother us. Truthfully, nothing about the hotel bothered us.The bathroom was very clean, no disgusting unfamiliar hair on the floor, shower, etc. They even provided cute Aveda toiletries. Good stuff! I felt comfortable sleeping in the hotel bed because everything was so clean and well-kept. (And I'm usually not very fond of sleeping in hotels).Our room did not have a view of outside, only a brick wall and fire escape.. However, one short walk to the end of the hallway brought us to a huge window with views of the city.The Nederlander Theater was right next door, which showcases RENT. We were planning on catching a show, but due to lack of time we couldn't. Red Lobster is practically right across the street. After a long day of walking around the city, that restaurant definitely came in handy. You can grab a few drinks and eat a good dinner, then walk your toasty little self right across the street to bed!I love going to NYC during Christmastime.. and I plan on staying in Hotel 41 again this winter of '05.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jeffhelena
<Content>WHAT A FRIENDLY HOTEL We only stayed one night at Hotel41 but from the moment the porter opened the door to let us in we received a warm welcome from all of the staff. We had arrived slightly early and were able to leave our luggage while we took a sightseeing tour. Next we walked around the streets and just took in the atmosphere. We really liked everything about our brief visit. Back at the hotel we found our room very comfortable, size is not always important!. It's the quality that counts. We enjoyed the complimentary coffees and continental breakfast buffet. We chose Hotel41 primarily for its location. Next day we were taking a cruise to the Caribbean on Carnival Legend. We had a wonderful time and on our return the staff at Hotel41 kindly allowed us to leave our luggage for the day until our evening flight home to the UK. We can't wait to revisit New York and, hopefully, stay a bit longer. We would not hesitate in booking accommodation at Hotel41. (Following on from a previous review - we are in our late 40's and would recommend it for all ages).  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great....really great....niiiice! great location, freindly staff, nice bagels and pastries for brekkie, new york times and free coffee all day... very nice clean new room, lovely shower, will be back soon....  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sandman_ni
<Content>Hotel with a shine       View to the left front of the hotel. Looking towards the Main Bus Station.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gomezr
<Content>An Acceptable Room with a Nice Staff We Just Returned from 4 days, 3 nights at Hotel 41. The location is excellent. It is just a block or so off Times Square. The only bad thing I can say about the hotel is that the rooms, even the superior size which we paid extra for, is extremely small. However, this was our first visit so what did we know? It is clean, the staff is very very nice and accommodating. It is a great place to sleep after a full day of sightseeing/shopping. I would not want to spend any amount of time in the room and in NYC..WHO would want to do that????The bed was a bit uncomfortable at first but when you are dead tired, it sufficed. The morning cappacino/coffee/juice/pastries and bagels gave you a nice beginning to your busy day. They also have a nice video library to chose from. After all the hussel/bussel and all those people in NYC, It Is a quaint nice place to rest and start another day of tourism! The drawbacks-no view, kind of old, bed kind of hard and extremely small.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bluenose44
<Content>Great location, friendly staff, loved it! Stayed at Hotel 41 19th to 24th April 2005. On arrival outside the road had been dug up near to the entrance and the sound of drilling was deafening, however once inside it was very peaceful. Very friendly staff helped us out with directions or anything we needed. Breakfast every morning was good and kept us going for most of the morning. Stayed in room 603 which was very small, only just enough room for the bed and a small closet. The shower and restroom were a good size which sort of made up for the room being small. Room was cleaned and fresh towels provided daily by the maid who cleaned up our mess. All in all this is a hotel right in the middle of everything, just off Times Square. It is good value for money and we would not hesitate in stopping here again. Yes the rooms are small but how long do you spend in there anyway?  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Hidden Gem! We were delighted to find this hidden gem just a block away from the heart of Times Square. The staff was wonderful and the accomodations were perfect. A great breakfast, free expresso/cappucino, and more. A great find!  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>80daysaroundtheworld
<Content>Value for Moneyvalue I have stayed at Hotel 41 twice now, once in Summer and again in Winter last year. The first time I stayed in the summer I had a standard room which was very small (I have stayed in similar sized rooms in London however!). The room was generally clean apart from around the bed area (I dont think there is enought room to get a hover arounbd the bed). For two people the room is a little cramped and you virtually have to climb on the bed from the bottom. As it was summer and about 90 degrees, the air conditioning was really needed, but proved to be noisy at night - A good tip though is turn the temprature right down during the day to as cold as pssible and then turn it off at night to get a good night sleep.My second visit in November I chose a superior room (not much more money). Room was bigger with a fridge, which was handy. All in all the hotel is good value, breakfast is good with bagels etc. Staff friendly and if you do have any problems they are always on hand to help. The hotel is centrally located for everything and is less than 1 min walk from Port Authority Bus station which is handy if travelling from airports by bus. It is also a short distance $5 taxi ride from Penn Station, which is again ideal for the airports. All in all the hotel offers value for money  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pauliec
<Content>Great Location If you are visiting New York for the first time and want to do all the sights, this is a great place to stay. Right on Times Square but not as expensive as you would think. Allowed us also to take a break before going out again in the evening. Good breakfast as well. Overall cannot fault it. One point of note, if you are thinking of booking or are able to contact the hotel, make sure you stay on the third floor or above as noise of bar 41 (or mainly the bass) can be quite loud. We stayed on the second floor but were so tired anyway from sightseeing that after the first night we did not really notice it. Would recommend it to friends etc.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Edge
<Content>You get what you pay for We stayed in the Hotel 41 in May 2004 for a week. We were impressed by the price of the hotel and the location. The location is absolutely fabulous, well within walking distance of everything. The staff were reasonable but not overly friendly. The rooms were very small and basic (and a little dirty), but you expect that in Manhattan, and quite frankly, we were hardly ever there!As for breakfast, this is served in the bar area and is in the form of a help yourself buffet, which we thought was fantastic. UNTIL we saw the mouse run over the bar, stop for a nibble of a muffin, and the hide in a dark hole behind the bar!!This hotel is great if you want a base to discover Manhattan, and will only be using the hotel as somewhere to sleep. If you are after some home comforts, I would suggest paying a little more and staying elsewhere.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>AZGretta
<Content>Great decision Was not dissapointed. The location was terrific, and the place was clean. We needed ice and it was there within 2 minutes. Our remote did not work, and they had somebody on it within minutes. Yes the rooms are tiny, but the closet and drawers had plenty of room for us to unpack. And our room faced the brick building about 2 feet away, but the window did open. For the price, it was nice knowing for sure that it would not be a dump. The only downside is that our room was right above the bar on the second floor. You could hear the music fairly loudly, and it did keep us awake. But they close down early, (yeah we were TIRED and were in bed early), so it wasn't too bad. Definitely choose this hotel if you don't want to take any chances on your accomodations ruining your trip.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lynz1027
<Content>Loved Hotel 41 We purchased a one night stay at Hotel 41 since we were going over to the Club Quarters Hotel the next couple of nights. I purchased the one night stay on Orbitz for $169, which seemed like a fair price considering it was Times Square. Upon arriving, we were early like most folks and had to leave our bags so we could go explore. Everyone at the hotel was very friendly and offered to get the number for Tribecca Grill and make reservations for dinner for us. The hotel is small, but by New York standards is probably normal. I would consider myself a picky person but the decor was very simple and clean. Even though the room was pretty dinky, you didn't feel as if it was dirty at all. The products they use are Aveda, which I thought were very nice and we had a room on the 6th floor that had a view to the edge of Times Square. We really loved the area, it was right around the corner from Times Square, but still quiet enough at night to sleep. I mainly picked this hotel for cost but also because I wanted something close to the show we were seeing and I didn't want to trapse all over New York the first day and get lost. The show was right next door!! If you are seeing Rent, this hotel is the perfect hotel. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Turnipster
<Content>Good, but could do better. My husband and I stayed in room 305 in April 05. The location is excellent and the staff were very friendly and helpful. We arrived at the Hotel at 1.30pm but could not check in until 3pm, but we were able to leave our luggage and so off we went for a well earned drink! We had trouble with our shower - when we returned to the room on Sunday night we found a foul smelling black sludge had come up through the plughole (not nice). We reported it to Reception immediately - the chap on the door came up with us to take a look. We couldn't shower on Monday morning, but by the time we returned to the room in the afternoon the problem was fixed and the shower showed no signs of the sludge! So we could not fault them on this - blocked plugholes happen at home too! - and there responsiveness to the problem was appreciated.Our room was directly opposite the lift and it did ding a fair few times - but it wasn't loud enough to wake us. The rustling of plastic bags at 6.30am by, we assume, Housekeeping made us laugh rather than annoyed us. We couldn't work out what they were doing since it seemed to go on forever, but whenever we went out of the room, there was never anyone to be seen.I did find that the hairdryer only blew cold air - a pain, but overcome by showering as soon as we returned to the room in the evening, and letting my hair dry naturally for half an hour. The only other disappointing thing was that the room was not very clean. The sink, loo and shower WERE clean but the top of the times that ran round the bathroom were not, neither was the ledge on the loo - in fact it was revolting. The lamps by the bed were also really dirty. The walls in the bedroom and the bathroom were worn - a new coat of paint wouldn't go amiss. And the pictures above the bed weren't even hung straight. Now these little things certainly did not spoil our time in NYC (we loved it) but I was a bit disappointed since most of the other reviews we had read said how pristine the rooms are - ours wasn't.I would stay at Hotel 41 again - we know what to expect - but I would insist this time that the room was cleaned.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>a4drk
<Content>Best Value Hotel in Manhatten.... When we were looking for a hotel - we ended up starting at number one on the list...... the cheapest one with the best reviews was Hotel 41... I can only agree with what most people have said..... The Hotel is just off 7th Ave....about 50 yards - which is enough from a noise point of view. The Hotel is very modern, trendy  most importantly - clean (clean sheets every day!) The only downfall is that the room wasn't huge - but we were told that most hotels in NYC have small rooms. (Just glad we never paid $350!)Another little point is that there was a DVD player in the room. Lets face it - US TV isn't the best - so the reception do a free DVD rental!! ideal to chill out just before bedtime.. Very helpful staff - cool bar - great cosmospolitans !! I cant recommend this Hotel enough to my friends who are going to visit in the future..... Apparently - Expedia book all the standard rooms which are even smaller - we went onto hotel41  booked direct - went for a superior roomHope you enjoy it as much as we did....  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Isi
<Content>Excellent value for money in New York I tried not to get my hopes up too much after reading the great reviews on here. However, I had no reason to be concerned. I stayed at the hotel 25th March - 29th March 2005. It was great value for money. The rooms were basic but clean and tidy - what more could you want for your money? The staff were really helpful and friendly. The hotel itself is in an excellent location, it's just off Times Square which means you are in the middle of everything but don't get all the noise. It's a fairly new hotel and was quite modern.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cozmot
<Content>A real gem This is a hidden gem. The location is perfect-- it's in Times Square at 41 Street and 7th Avenue, with a subway station right across the street. All of the theatres are in the vicinity, in addition to a plethora of restaraunts and the excitement that makes Times Square what it is.I can't write about the quality of the typical room because when we arrived we were told that we had been upgraded to a Penthouse suite. I don't know why we were, but I didn't question it. The Penthouse was incomparable. We were expecting a a very small room, based on other reviews we read, which we were willing to deal with. Location, cleanliness and staff most influences our satisfaction with a hotel. Hotel 41 gets two solid thumbs up on all three.There is a very nice and chic lounge in the hotel, where people congregate after plays let out, including performers (we didn't see anyone famous, however). That lounge becomes the site for a good continental breakfast in the morning.I can't say enough about the staff. They were all extremely pleasant, helpful and attentive. There is someone at the door at all times to let you in and out (and to screen who walks in, which is comforting).Stay in this hotel. It's a find. We'll be back. One last thing: we took the train in to NYC and arrived at Penn Station. Don't bother waiting for a cab. The lines are long and very, very slow. You can easily wait 45 minutes or longer just to get a cab. We walked to our hotel from the station after waiting 30 minutes and getting nowhere. But you can catch the subway from Penn Station to 42nd Street, one block over. It's cheaper and faster than a cab and you'll be in your hotel within 10 minutes.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Maybery
<Content>Ideal Bolt Hole April 2005 - we had a great time at this little gem of a hotel. Spottlessly clean, calm modern atmosphere, helpful and pleasant staff. The rooms are very compact with no view but we had peace and privacy with every amenity (and more) you could possibly expect from a venue in this price range.The location is bang on too - 1 min from a subway, 2 min from all the hustle and bustle of Times Square and the Theatre District. The complimentary breakfast sets you up for the hectic day ahead -fresh bagels, danish pastries, buns or scones with cream cheese, jam or marmalade and juice,coffee or teas. There were tiny little improvements we could pick over, like the lack of an overhead light in the room, but nothing that spoilt our enjoyment and all in all we felt really lucky, for our first trip to NYC, to have stayed in such a cracking place! Have no misgivings - go ahead and book Hotel 41 @ Times Square!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>genuinegal
<Content>It topped our trip off.... Me and my boyfriend stayed here between 9th and 15th of April in room 207.We were pleasantly surprised at how modern and contempory this small hotel was when we arrived.It is right next door to the Rent Theatre, and literally 20 seconds from Times Square - perfect location!This hotel was maticulously clean and very well presented, and what i expected of a 3 star hotel. I did think the hotel was going to be bigger than it was, but hey, we were in NY so it didnt really matter! The door staff were EXCELLENT, very polite and friendly, they always opened the door for you if you left/entered the hotel - and in addition to this, they took your bags up to the room and even stored them in storage when needed. You get a complimentary bottles of water (not Evian, but this nice water in a blue bottle), and then you are taken upto the room by the door staff. We were on the 2nd floor near the back of the hotel. Now, before i went into the room, i was a little sceptical as im sure like you have read, the rooms were supposed to be 'tiny' (again, wasnt too much of an issue as we were only sleeping here!). However, our room was bigger than i thought which was really nice. Bed linen, decor and presentation was excellent and beautifully maintained. Yes, that's right, free Aveda products in the lovely bathroom and fresh clean towels every day (aswell as the bedlinen getting changed every day too..).There is a 'free' easy to use safe (wich was unexpected, as you normally have to put a deposit down for these things), and a TV/DVD player. All in all, the room was 'perfect'.The only downside........which wont be applicable to all the rooms as it depends on the location and floor you are on, is the loud music coming from the bar downstairs. Now, the bar closes at 12mid night, however, it was very very loud, which made it difficult to get to sleep (very frustrating when you have been on your feet since 8am every morning till 9pm, and you want a good nights sleep for the next day). So yeah, that was the only downside i didnt really appreciate. However......The hotel complimentary breakfast was delicious and just enough. They served bagels (were you can toast them yourself in a toaster), little jam croissants, muffins and orange/tea/coffee). When i first saw all this stuff on the bar (they serve it were the bar is), it really didnt look that much, BUT, honestly, after 2 bagels i was stuffed!!It was a real pleasure staying in this hotel and i would defintely stay here again for:LOCATION - 11/10!STAFF FRIENDLINESS -10-10PRESENTATION AND DECOR - 10/10Seriously, you'll really appreciate it when you get there - enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gjamesrock
<Content>dont except the two realy small rooms My Wife and I stayed at the Hotel 41 for Five nights and found it to be a reasonable place. Being in Manhaton it doesn't need to be amazing because you wont be there much. On arrival I was told twice by staff not to worry about the size of the rooms. This started the alarm bells ringing. The room was the smallest I have ever seen. The bed was not a full size double and still there was no room for your legs around the edge. Also there was no room for luggage or to hang clothes. I complained and was moved to a much better room but had to pay an extra $20 anight. If I had had a decent room in the first place I would have had no complaints.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chris_hoskins
<Content>A well designed and well run little gem My wife and I stayed at the hotel for a week with our 2 daughters (13  11). The girls room was very small with only just room to stand sideways each side of the bed. It was also opposite the lift/elevator and the noise of the bell woke them up quite often. They do not have any rooms with twin beds, something we had requested with Expedia and were told was possible. The lack of space and storage meant that our daughters room got a bit messy after a few days with nowhere to put all their stuff. We had a slightly larger room down the corridor on the opposite side. The room was fine, lighting was slightly dim but it had a good sized shower and a fridge. There was no real view, just a light well with a glimpse of the sky. There was an extractor fan chimney here which hummed most of the time however, as it was constant, you tuned it out after a short while. The heating was very noisy if you turned it on, hoewever it heated the room quickly and you could then turn it off. There was also a lot of rustling noise outside our room at about 6:30am every morning, I think it was a housekeeping cupboard being restocked. We experienced some drunken shouting one morning at 4:30am, but this only happened once.The bed was comfortable, not very wide, but it had nice sheets and pillows.My wife complained that the Aveda Shampoo left her hair looking flat, I didn't have an issue due to the lack of hair on my head! There was not a lot of storage, the wardrobe is open fronted and there were only two drawers. It would have helped if the bedside shelves included a drawer. The TV and DVD worked well, although I was unable to watch the Final Four basketball game as the CBS chanel was covered in 'snow'.Breakfast was fine, we ate here most mornings, it got a bit dull as it was always the same. We thought about having drinks in the bar one evening but it usually was heaving with a big crowd of people.Overall we were happy with our choice, the location is excellent, there is a personal feel which you don't get in the larger hotels. I would say it is best suited to couples staying for 3-4 days rather than families for a week. The issues with noise and space are all that stop me giving this hotel an 'excellent' score.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel The staff truly treats you right at Hotel 41. My husband and I stayed for one and were luck enough to stay in Pent House 2. It was an absolute dream. The room was very large especially since we were expecting somthing small. The terrace was a complete delight especially since we were lucky enough to have fanstic weather. The room was very clean and the linens were espeically nice. The bar downstairs is very nice and the Bar Tender was very nice. We would go back in a heart beat.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cheap  Stayed here April 2004. Location-wise this is really central. The rooms were clean and adequate - who wants to stay in the room when you are in New York !? We didnt have a view which I was quite disappointed about, but apart from that I would recommend this hotel. Nice bar downstairs and a lovely breakfast included in the price  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>slayervixen
<Content>A brilliant hotel..       Our view from the room....Times Sq is just up to the left.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value and Excellent Service Spent St Patrick's week here and had a great time. The hotel is in a great location, with Time Square just around the corner. Yes the rooms are very small, but your in New York, there's better things to do than sit in the room. Room had an easy to use safe, TV, DVD Player (free dvd loan system at front desk) and telephone. Great bathroom, with a great shower.Staff were very helpful and quick to sort any problem. The light bulb in the room fused on the second day and it was fixed within half an hour. Staff were also very helpful in arranging transport and in giving sight-seeing advice.Excellent bar downstairs with top food.This was my first time in New York, and as someone on a budget this hotel was Perfect. Would recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>doyleb
<Content>Great staff - good hotel for the money The hotel was alitte hard to find, but overall great value for the money - at least in New York City. The staff was exceptional - very friendly and helpful. Another guest who spoke limited Englished asked my wife and I for information about when the Queen Mary II was due to arrive - I called the front desk and they looked up the information on the Internet and called the woman back with the information. Later than night my wife and I headed out for dinner and a show and the front desk clerk offered two of their larger umbrella's in place of our small travel one - they didn't have to do that but I am convinced the staff have the guests best interests at heart.The rooms are small - smaller than I'd experienced in other 'business' hotels in NYC, but it was manageable. The bed was comfortable and the room was clean and even being right next to the theatre where 'Rent' is playing, it was quiet. The hotel offers free continental breakfasts - coffee, juice and rolls. Nothing spectacular, but it's included in the room cost. The location is great for tourists - one block south of 42nd St in between 7th and 8th with lots of shopping and dining options. If someone else was paying, I'd stay at a larger hotel, but to travel to NYC on our own nickle, we'd stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good choice We normally stay at the Holiday Inn but Expedia were offering a 5 days for the cost of 4 deal on Hotel 41, which was receiving rave reviews in Tripadvisor. Everyone at the hotel was very courteous and friendly. The room was small. It was a bit of a squeeze with no room for bedside cabinets. The staff told me that I had a standard room. The Superior rooms have more elbow room. Other than that it was fine. DVD player with a free loan system for guests. Fridge, complimentary water. OK bathroom and shower with a bathrobe and all of the bathroom accessories you need. Lighting was a bit dull but not an issue.Breakfast was a healthy ritual with bagels, butter, jam, cakes, excellent fruit juice and coffee.There is an integral restaurant cum bar called Bar 41 which is a popular pre show venue, but serves decent meals all day. They offered room service but we didn't make use of it.A great little hotel. Next time we will push the boat out for a bit more space.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Deal for good price I stayed at this hotel for one day and night during my first ever trip to NYC, being a resident of Connecticut this seems a bit odd, but nonetheless... I arrived via bus and found that the hotel is a nice 2 minute jaunt from the main bus depot near Times Square, the hotel itself was alittle hard to find with all of the scaffolding - but if you look for the signature spiral starecase going down the front of it - youll find it easy. I checked in an hour later than planned, and found to my happy suprise - that i had been upgraded from a Standard room to the largest penthouse suite in the hotel. For Free! This along with the great advice about asian cuisine in the area, broadway shows playing, and free bottled water made a great first impression. The staff were very courteous, and after spending my first night wandering around the city ( including an hour or so at the MET and another hour or so figuring out why the bloody S train kept changing tracks on me ), i came back and had a nice frosty glass of Guiness in the great little bar on site. The next morning, i went down and enjoyed a great breakfast ( free ) with huge bagels, coffee, and complimentary NY Times. The staff was very polite on checking out, wishing me a happy trip home and hopes that i had a good stay. They even watched my luggage for me in a secured room for no additional charge. All in all i have to say that this is a very good hotel and is in the center of everything.Some advice: There is a brand new restaurant up on 44th street ( the restaurant zone ), it is a BBQ shack that has been open a little over a month at this point. Unfortunately the name escapes me, but it should be easy to find. They have some of the best microbrewery beer on tap ive had in the US.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Answer&Chic
<Content>Small but great location Good on arrival- Nice bottle of water each- No amenities but who needs them when your in NYC? small room but nice clean and modern bathroom- No view from room except a brick wall but didnt want to spend time in our room anyway. Good if your coming to New York and not wanting to spend much on room. Hotel had dark feel but did nice breakfast- Probably would stay there agin because of great location- times square right round the corner and subway nearby.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel and Fab location We stayed at the Hotel 41 at the end of January 2005. We have both been to NY many times and stayed in some great hotels, and Hotel 41 did not disappoint. Although the room was quite small, the standard was excellent and the location even better. If you go to NY you won't be staying in the hotel room for long anyway! The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly and the breakfast, which is complimentary was very nice. The location is the best feature of the hotel as it is 1 block from the Port Authority Bus station and right on Times Square, where there are links to all the major subway routes to get around the city.I would definately stay there again and have recommended the hotel to my friends.Jaime and James, Manchester, UK  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MARMADUKE_7
<Content>5 nights in January 2005 Hotel 41 offers everything you need for a visit to New York. I stayed for five nights in January, my first ever visit to New York and I did not expect to find such great hotel in such a superb location for the price paid. My husband and I had a room on the first floor above reception. The room size was adequate for us. There was a little noise early in the morning (deliveries taking place across the road).Thank you to everyone who has reviewed this place. Reading these reviews helped me decide on booking this gem!We had a fantastic first trip to New York and we will recommend this hotel to all of our friends and hopefully visit again soon!!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dinershore
<Content>This Great Boutique Hotel is your best bet for Quality! Hotel 41 has it all: great location, really nice rooms (all NYC rooms are small, btw) and a fun, night-time bar scene. Staff is professional and best of all...the place is QUIET. That is a true rarity in New York.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RuudsGirl14
<Content>Hotel 41 - Excellent Location, Recommended We stayed at Hotel 41 from 23rd Feb - 1st March in room 305. The location of this hotel really is excellent. It is a 2 minute walk to the heart of Times Square with a subway directly opposite the front door.The rooms, although are small, were not as small as others on this site have made them out to sound. The room was decorated well and had a nice modern feel to it. The pictures on the hotels website were exactly what the room looked like. The rooms were well equipped with a TV, DVD player, fridge, free safe access, 2 large drawers, wardrobe hanging space, a bookcase, an ironing board and iron, and a powerful hairdryer. There was plenty of space for us to store everything. The room was immaculate and the maids came in every day and changed the beds and left clean white fluffy towels. A white luxurious bath robe was also provided for use. Beds were comfortable and two pillows were supplied, which allowed for a comfortable nights sleep. The rooms have air conditioning/heater, which can be a little noisy.The bathroom is small, and yes space to put your things on is limited, with only one small glass shelf for all your toiletries,but it is ample for what you need. The shower was lovely, immediately hot and powerful and I did not want to get out! The Aveda products were a nice touch and smelt lovely. The bathroom overall, was immaculately clean and well lit, with a massive mirror - perfect, except it was a little on the small side maybe.Our room had no view, our window faced a brick wall. The only drawback with this, was that we had to go have a look in the window down the corridor to determine what the weather was like. No problem for us, but if you want a room with a view, then this isn't the hotel for you.Breakfast consisted of bagels, muffins and pastries. Tea, coffee, hot chocolate and orange juice were also availiable. Bagels could have done with some stratwberry jam, but thats only a personal preference! The breakfast was enough to keep us going throughout most of the day, but we did have breakfast else where on the 4th day, for a bit of variety.Some people have commented on the noisy lift bell, which is true. The ding of the lift bell can be heard when you are in the room, which didn't bother me as a heavy sleeper, but did bother my boyfriend who can hear a pin drop! People in the corridor walking past your door could also be heard - but no noise could be heard from the theatre next door.I would definately stay here again. The staff were very helpful and friendly and above all the location of this hotel was excellent. The rooms and bed were comfortable and the whole hotel was always immaculately clean. It was excellent value for money and the hotel was recommended on the BBC's Holiday Programme on Thursday night!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jonesy_Beachboy
<Content>Compact but perfectly ideal I have just returned from a trip from 22nd - 27th Feb with my girlfriend and I have to say this hotel was perfect. So yeah, the rooms are pretty 'cosy' and you may need to shuffle things around to find some space, but how much time is spent in your room when you stay in New York??The bathroom was quite a reasonable size but the lack of shelving to keep anything was a bit of a problem at times.The quality and all round cleanliness of the room was great. The maids will clean your room pretty much every day and provide you with new bed sheets and towels - fantastic!The beds were nice and comfy, the TV provided plenty to watch and DVD was a nice touch (DVDs available to borrow for free at reception). You are also provided with a iron/ironing board and hairdryer in the room.Air con also a nice plus to have as it snowed through our holiday and the warmth was very nice.The view... well there wasn't one. We looked out on to a wall which was only a problem to check on the weather but then we just walked to a window in the corridor. So this really didn't bother us too much.The staff all around the hotel were fantastic every day and will always respond to any request. Even one of the maids asked if we wanted help with our suitcases when leaving the room and wished us a safe trip home!I stayed in a 4* last time I came to NY and overall this hotel beats it hands down.In a nutshell... if you want value for money, a nice clean but small room, fantastic location behind Times Square without the noise, friendly staff who cater to every need and free breakfast, then you had better book yourself in to this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JSWeb
<Content>Adorable! I spent 3 nights in October. Many reviews told of small rooms - true but expected in NY! The room was adorable with a TV  DVD player. We had a large window directly beside RENT theater - we heard no theater or street noise unless we opened the window.Our bathroom was small but clean and contemporary. I loved the Aveda products! We had fresh towels each day. When I requested extra towels and shampoo, they were sent up within 20 minutes.The location can't be better! The hotel is near many subway stops and right in the heart of Times Square. The staff at the front desk were extremely helpful in guiding us around the city and using the subway. The expresso bar was a nice touch and the lounge is very nice - a curved seating area with TVs above each seat.I recommend this hotel - just realize you will have a small room...but who spends their time in the hotel when visiting NY?  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jkmac
<Content>Very small rooms. Never stayed in one smaller. I don't think I stayed at the same hotel as the other reviewers. We stayed in a standard room from Feb 9-14 because that was all that was available when we booked (averaged $200 per night with taxes). Most of the primary problems I have with this hotel are size related (other rooms may be slightly larger than a standard). Practically no place to put things down in the bathroom (one very tiny glass shelf; items just rolled off the toilet lid because it was curved). The spacious desk described on the hotel website is around 18 inches deep and MAYBE 30 inches wide. You could not get dressed at the same time -- one person had to be in bed or in the bathroom. Absolutely no floor space. You could not even walk on either side of the bed. One folding chair (at the desk). We tipped our maid well because I knew changing the sheets each day had to be a major pain. We stayed at the Parker Meriedien in Sept and Nov and our room was about 6 times the size (more expensive too -- around $350 with tax).Our heater/dehumidifier in the bathroom wasn't working which we reported as soon as discovered. The bathroom was freezing. You had to start the shower and let it heat up. By the time you were done, everything in the bathroom was covered with moisture and the steam had no where to go but out into the room. A guy came up to look and said the dehumidifier was fine. We asked another employee later -- we were told the room had to be above 72 degrees for it to work. Needless to say it never came on (even at 75 - 78 degrees) and we quit asking because the staff just acted annoyed. Also, the blow dryer just blew cold air. Positives: the Aveda products smelled great; the linens were nice; the entire hotel is very clean and the location was great (subway entrance practically across the street and Times Squ a very short walk). I thought the positives would make up for the small rooms, but for us it didn't. Very doubtful we will stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply Awsome... Me and my wife stayed for a long weekend and it was a greta stay. the Hotel has the best location, even though it is steps away from Times Square the street it is on is quiet enough. The room were very clean and the sheets and towels were clean and changed daily. The free breakfast was great and in New York it is almost impossible to find something for free. the staff is where this hotel should be rated 5 stars. From the doorman Jason who was always smiling and ready to get us a cab to the 1-2 punch of Christian and Stefan who had excellent dinner and bar recommendations for us the entire time we were there. We will be returning to Hotel 41 many more times.   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clarissa
<Content>Great location We stayed at Hotel 41 for 5 nights (2-7th Feb), what a nice hotel in the perfect location, a minute from Time Square and across the road from a subway station.   We had a room on the third floor at the front of the building, although small (as we already knew) it was exactly like the pictures on the website. The bed was very comfy, with lovely sheets (all changed daily) and loads of extra pillows. The room had a fridge, TV/DVD player, adequate storage space and excellent air conditioning. The bathroom was lovely, with a really big and powerful shower, lots of towels (again changed daily) and nice toiletries and 'bits'. he hairdryer was powerful. Everything was exceptionally clean. Although at the front of building we were not distrubed by any noise, unless we opened the window.  The breakfast was basic, bagels, pastries, muffins, OJ and coffee, but more than adequate, we always found it to be fresh and 'fly-free'. We were a bit disappointed that the bar shut at around 12mn.   The staff were, without exception, efficient, friendly, polite and unintrusive.   We wouldn't hesitate at returning to Hotel 41 on our next visit to New York.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location means everything...       View From Bedroom Window  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LondonChick
<Content>Wicked Hotel!! Just returned from 8 days staying at Hotel 41, both my boyfriend and myself loved the Hotel. The rooms weren't as small as I was expecting so that was a bonus. A nice big shower and the DVD/CD player were a good bonus too.The complimentary breakfast was a great starter for the day with muffins, danish pastries, bagels, OJ and Coffee... brilliant!As many other people have said before, the hotel was very clean and the hotel staff were friendly and polite. When we checked in we got our complimentary bottle of water. There was also the promised aveda products left in our room and they were refilled each day. We didn't get any bathrobes but it wasn't a big deal...!The location of the hotel was prefect, a few minutes from times square but the street the hotel was on is quiet...the best of both worlds.We would definitely stay here again and have recommended it to friends who are thinking about going to NY!Overall a great hotel for the price.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SR71
<Content>good place to stay Staff were very friendly and helpful from the word go and for the duration of our 4 night stay. The rooms were, as mentioned by others, on the small side but were modern and clean. Our room was on the 5th floor at the front of the hotel and I was awoken during the early hours by delivery trucks across the street and also by construction work which is ongoing nearby. However I am a light sleeper and others in our party with rooms above did not notice any disturbance. Overall a far better hotel than others I have stayed at in New York. I would stay there again and recomend it to others.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Myself and my now fiancee stayed here for five nights and got back just under a week ago. It was our first time in New York and location wise this hotel is perfect. The general condition of the hotel is excellent, it's lovely and modern and very well-kept. You can tell the hotel has only recently been refurbished, the photo's on Expedia are an accurate representation of it's condition. The reception staff were always friendly and helpful.The breakfast is minimal but it is enough. The selection ranges from bagels to pastries to croissants along with a choice of juice, tea or coffee to drink. Just enough to fill you up.The rooms are small but very well kept. The beds are lovely and soft and comfortable and we had no trouble sleeping at night! The bathroom was immaculate, my partner loved the Aveda products! The only criticism would be that the shower could be more powerful but that is such a small, small point.This hotel was absolutely brilliant - we are planning a return trip in the summer. If you have any questions about the hotel feel free to email me.   
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UK-Scotty
<Content>Great hotel for a great trip! ! ! ! ! Have just returned from a week trip to New York. What can I say about the hotel that has not already been stated in previous reviews? It's great.As the trip was for my Girlfriends 21st Birthday, the Hotel upgraded our room to a superior room for the price of a standard which was brilliant. Check in was very quick  easy, with the doorman bringing our bags up to our room.The room was pretty spacious. Large bed, with sizable storage space for all our clothes ect. Desk with lamp, 2 side tables. Air Conditioner  heater. The only slight downside was we only had a shower rather than a bath, but I couldn't complain. The rooms were cleaned on a regular basis, with fresh towels left each day.The hotel complimented a truly wonderful trip. When we return next (which is a sure fire thing), we will certainly stay ay Hotel 41.Finally, I would like to say a special thanks to Marian Conroy, who upgraded our room, without us even asking鈥︹€?  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sonix
<Content>Great Hotel First time in New York. Got to Hotel late Sunday night and was greeted by Marian who checked us in quickly with no problem. We were very tired after a long night travelling !Got to room on smoking floor that was a good size with safe, ironing board, aveda products in bathroom and very clean with clean towels every day. Staff were very very helpful.Stayed a week and saw all sights. Bought a $21 subway pass each. Subway was easy to navigate went everywhere and subway pass very good value. New Yorkers were polite, helpful and friendly. All in all had a great time and will definitely be back.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tiny but Tidy I stayed at Hotel 41 this past weekend. The staff is super friendly, and the rooms are very clean and comfortable but teeny. They are also surprisingly quiet for being located in Times Square. My room was on the second floor and faced the street, yet was quiet as a tomb. A great affordable choice for that neighborhood.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OccasionalTraveller8
<Content>Central, affordable, modern hotel I stayed at Hotel 41 for one week during June, 2004.Hotel 41 is a clean, modern hotel set in the heart of NYC's theatre district. Its central location makes it a good base from which to explore the whole of Manhattan.My room was clean, modern and - despite being a stone's throw away from the hustle and bustle of Times Square - perfectly quiet. The staff were, at all times, friendly and helpful. One thing I'd point out, however, is that twin rooms did not appear to be available. Probably best to check first if this is an important requirement.I have recommended this hotel to friends without hesitation.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cheeba_nz
<Content>Very Good All Around We recently spent 4 nights at this hotel, just after New Year's Eve. Everything about the hotel was top notch, from the friendly reception staff, to the comfortable bed, to the Aveda products in the bathroom (which was a particular favourite of the girlfriend).The room itself was, as already mentioned, very small. But it was very tidy, and modern. However, with the great location, you won't be needing to spend much time in there anyway! We used it mainly as a stopping-off point for a quick shower, or to drop off our shopping bags before heading off again. Aside from Times Square, and all it has to offer, there is also a Subway (underground / tube) station literally across the road as well. How convenient!Breakfast was so-so - I didn't particularly like the coffee they served, and the selection was not that great. But at least it was free! Great if you're on a budget. I would however, reccommend having at least one authentic New York diner breakfast before leaving the city - pancakes with maple syrup, and bottomless coffee...mmm... You also get the New York Times and CNN on a big plasma screen in the dining room during breakfast.The staff were friendly and informative, and always happy to answer any questions. We had no problems with any outside noise, and each room has a TV / DVD player, with a selection of DVDs and CDs at reception for you to borrow (not that you'd be staying in a watching DVDs if you're in NYC!). No tea or coffee making facilities in the room, but there is a self-service espresso machine downstairs in the bar, available 24 hours a day.All in all, we were very impressed, and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK Stay at the 41 Have just returned from a 4 day stay in NYC staying at Hotel 41. I was travelling alone and I got a room on the 2nd Floor - a bit noisy in the evenings when the hotel bar kicked in. Room was very small but clean, bathroom had no bath (!) but was bright, fresh and clean. Breakfast in the mornings was bagels and coffee in the clubby hotel bar - more than sufficient to get you going. Overall, a comfortable stay with friendly staff - would not hesitate to use Hotel 41 again (but will ask for an upper level room).  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great midtown hotel! Stayed for 1 night in December 2004, and I'll be back again. Awesome location near Times Square and a 2 block walk to our office. Value for the price ($160) is amazing. Was on the 6th floor though and the view was of a brick wall.Room is small but comfortable, but not a surprise based on the reviews. Staff were helpful. The desk chair could be better or I could lose weight, because it was really wobbly. Shower took a few minutes to warm up in the morning but no big deal. Bed was very comfortable and I couldn't hear any outside noise.Free high-speed internet, very good breakfast, 24-hour espresso in the bar and free DVD/CD borrowing were really nice features. Also $10 for a day pass to the fitness center down the street.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NottmGuy&Gal
<Content>Fabulous Fabulous Fabulous!!! We have just returned from a 3-night stay at Hotel 41 and could not have been happier with it!!The rooms are described as small but don't let this put you off... my friend and I did not feel claustrophobic in either the bedroom or the bathroom - both were absolutely fine. The double bed was very comfortable and we had 3 pillows each! The room was well equipped with a good TV and DVD player, a huge mirror, fridge, a small desk and chair, and plenty of hangrs in the wardrobe! The bathroom contained another huge mirror, a powerful hairdryer and a nice shower area. Both the bedroom and bathroom had very good heating (although the housekeeping staff did turn this off every day when they cleaned the room - but the room was never cold - even in January!)The staff were very helpful, to be honest we were pretty low maintenance as we didn't have anything to complain about so i can't comment on how they might handle a complaint, but they did the nice things like bring the luggage up to the room and hail us a taxi when we checked out. I don't think i ever touched the front door to the hotel as it was always opened for us! Pretty good for a budget hotel...The breakfast was exactly the way it was described - fresh bagels along with cream cheese or a selection of jams, fresh pastries (i LOVED the cranberry and orange scones they had!), coffee and orange juice. If you want something more substantial there are plenty of places to go within a 5 minute walk!Which brings me on to the location. This was the best thing about the hotel. You are 1 block away from Times Square, so you can basically be there in less than 1 minute, but it's just far away enough not to get noise when you're trying to sleep from the area or the honking traffic down 7th Avenue. We found W41 Street to be very quiet even though it has a McDonalds and Subway station across the road from the hotel and the Amsterdam Theatre is next to the hotel. Our room was on the 3rd floor right on the street and we were never kept awake by the noise.I would defintely recommend, without a doubt, staying at Hotel 41. My sister is going for a 5-night break and after me raving on about it, she has decided to stay there now too! If I had to guess the price of the room after staying there I would have said around double the cost it actually was.Don't get me wrong... it's not the Ritz... but everything was right, we had no cause to complain, for the price you pay you should be delighted - you have a comfy bed in a clean place in an excellent location... But you won't want to be in there long as fabulous New York is waiting to be explored!!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joanna_c_c
<Content>Cosy, homely and fantastic value! We have just returned from a 5 night break in NY and hotel 41 and found everything true to the word of reviews on this site. The hotel has very attractive lobby and bar areas and served lovely home made style bagels in the morning with free papers and hot drinks.The level of cleanliness is high in rooms and in the public areas of the hotel and the style of furnishing throughout is very contemporary .and so to the small rooms.... we were expectiting small but ours was to be fair, titchy! however it had everything we needed and was not small in the poky way rooms in shabby london hotels are!! looking on the fire escape plan on the door it showed that ours had the smallest dimensions of the floor so i guess we were just unlucky in that respect!!All staff very polite and helpfull with regard transportation around manhattan and resteraunt recommendations.. If you want to pay a reasonable amount for top class place then stay here!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel 41 is outstanding! I thought it appropriate to write to say my experience with Hotel 41 was outstanding. The young people at the front desk, cleaning staff, and restaurant staff were so accommodating and hospitable. The rooms were extremely clean and the bar/breakfast area was very inviting. When I visit NYC again, I will be sure to stay there again. One more thing - the location (Times Square) was perfect!Hats off to management and staff.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blueboybrian
<Content>Small but very cozy, great staff and quality I had the nightmare that is the New York City Inn, for my first night, and had to move immediatly. So several hours of trawling found this little gem. The room was small, but this fact is not hidden on check inn. What it lacks in size it makes up for in clean quality luxury accomodation. I was so glad I found it. The staff were great as well, and the location superb  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FMK1712
<Content>Love the Hotel 41! Just got back from 4 nights at the Hotel 41. We loved this hotel! The location is fantastic - literally round the corner from Times Square. The really great thing was, that despite the location, it was really, really quiet. We heard no noise at night at all. I was a bit concerned about the size of the rooms after reading previous reviews, but was pleasantly surprised. Yes, they are small, but not opressively so. The free breakfast was a great way to start the day. The staff are friendly and helpful. The room was very clean, the bed comfortable. We really couldn't fault this hotel. We would definitely stay there again. Oh, and did I mention the location?  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>magri40
<Content>good things come in small packages my wife and i have just spent 5 nights in New York for a bit of xmas shopping and sightseeing - staying a the HOTEL 41 - 43rd/8th avenue we had a brilliant time - HOTEL 41 is small but perfectly placed in the heart of Times Square reasonably priced complete with splendid inclusive breakfast of Bagels orange juice/coffee and pastrys which are fresh each morning - rooms are spotless and cleaned daily - staff are extremely helpful friendly and eager to please - great city and christmas shopping is a must the lights tour is fantastic cant wait to go back  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best! So the rooms are small, who cares you're in New York. A room in New York is for sleeping. The rooms were nice, and my wife loved the Aveda Shampoo. The staff was incredible, the breakfast was great, and the free umbrella's were perfect. Hotel 41's is in a prime location with Subway access just across the street. I can't wait to stay here again!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location small room I was at Hotel 41 the first weekend in December and loved it. The staff was great, the complimentary breakfast was good as was the coffee and the location is incredible. One block from the Port Authority, 7 from Macy's and Rockefeller (yes they are in opposite directions), the Times Square subway is at your door and most importantly the price lets you have more money to spend in New York.When I go back, I'll definitely be staying at the Hotel 41.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! I stayed at Hotel 41 in July for 4 days and highly recommend this hotel! It is a quaint, boutique hotel that has a great bar and great rooms! It has a modern zen feel when entering and once you are in your room you still have that feel. The staff is so helpful and friendly as well. The location is perfect, not too crowded and noisy from Times Square, but easily accessible to all transportation including taxis. It is also located next to the Rent theatre and if you time it just right, you can have a cocktail with the cast after their performance. I have stayed at my fair share of hotels in NYC and this is the one I recommend to all my friends, relatives and colleagues, it is that great! One more thing, the continental breakfast has great coffee and pastries! Do yourself a favor and pick this hotel for a nice cozy stay in NYC!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GlobeTrotter
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel Great little hotel located on W 41st St (between 7th  8th Ave). Walking distance to all of Times Square amenities and hot spots!I visited NYC during the Thanksgiving Weekend and it was the perfect location to view the parade route (and get crushed in the process!!).You can walk to all of the Broadway Theatres from here and I felt safe walking around late at night after the show - single lone female. Times Square was a constant buzz - it was heaving every evening! with tourists and locals.The room I stayed in had a double bed (Queen size) and en-suite double shower room (no bath) and the usual internet connection, tv and dvd player, desk/chair etc. Room was compact but I was hardly there. Breakfast was bagels, muffins and danishes with tea/coffee/OJ etc - yum.Perfect location - Port Authority terminal on 8th Ave (Woodbury Common bus departs here), Times Sqaure on 7th, The All loops tour left on 7th Ave between 47th and 48th (starting point of the various tours) and the booking office was on 8th between 47th and 48th.Subway access across the street (though I recommend using the buses instead or by foot as the subway is quite confusing). The Nederlander theatre next door which was showing RENT (which was a very good show by the way)I would stay there again - defo.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Anthony
<Content>Fantastical Hotel! Just got back from 4 nights at Hotel 41!Location - GreatRoom - Very clean and comfortable although smallStaff - very friendlyBreakfast - very niceWould defo stay there again. Great Hotel for the price.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great find I recently stayed on a business trip and found this hotel to be excellent. The rooms are very small but clean and comfortable, the bathroom is nice with Aveda products. There is a DVD library free of charge, all day complimentary coffee and a continental breakfast in the price. For me the free in-room broadband was a real bonus as I have racked up huge bills in US hotels before.Any New Yorkers I met who asked me where I was staying took note as the price was so good they were going to recommend it to their visiting friends.I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WARKSMEMBER
<Content>superb location Have just come back from NY, stayed at Hotel 41 a small friendly hotel, location is just superb.Staff very friendly, only problem we found the rooms are tiny, with no window, which we didn't like. But out and about most of the day, so it didn't riun are stay.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ReviewerCambs
<Content>Perfect I was a little concerned about the size of the rooms in this hotel having read the reviews but was pleasently suprised when we arrived. We stayed for 5 nights at the end of October and it was ideal. The location is fantastic, just off Times Square and within walking distance of almost all of the attractions. The hotel staff are very helpful and printed out location maps for us a couple of times and recommended bars. Although the rooms are small they aren't overly cramped and both the room and bathroom are cleaned daily. The complimentary breakfast is a great energy top up to start the day on. I would happily go back again. NYC is a fantastic city!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Thewex
<Content>The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly The Good: Contemporary design, very comfortable beds, free continental breakfast, great bar, awesome location, friendly helpfull staff, elevator.The Bad: Views of Brick Wall, No Shower enclosure, teeny sink, teeny TV that is too high up to seeThe Ugly: Teeny, Tiny, Miniture RoomsThe Lowdown: I liked this hotel. The location was supurb and it really felt like a boutique soho style hotel with a Times Square address. A very pleasant place to stay if you are not closterphobic.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good little hotel This was a little gem in NYC. It's immediately next to the Rent theater. The hotel rooms are tiny, but certainly do the job. They use Aveda products which was a nice treat! There is a parking garage next door, but the hotel is also across from the major subway hub in Times Square. The free breakfast is continental - just bagels and muffins and coffee. The real treat, though, is the make your own cappuccino and espresso (which usually costs you about $4 in the city!). Friendly staff. Good free newspapers and cable. A small hotel, but a good one!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shalyse
<Content>Great Value for Money The price that we paid for this room was cheap in comparison to other mid-range hotels in the area. It was in a very excellent location, very close to the subway and also right in Times Square. The whole hotel including the rooms was very tastefully furnished and the front desk was very friendly. Breakfast was nice and turned into a trendy bar in the evening. The rooms were very nice. We couldn't hear any noise from either Times Square or the bar within the hotel. There was absolutely no view as there was a brick wall right there, which also blocked any sunlight. I thought this could have made the rooms damp but they weren't. The rooms were extremely tiny but it would be perfect for a single person and ok-ish for a couple but wouldn't recommend for a couple for more than one or two nights as the rooms are very very small.The rooms were very nicely decorated and very clean. The shower worked nicely (I HATE crappy showers!).The only problem we had was that our room was right next to the elevator which made an annoying 'ding' every time the doors opened.In saying all this I would definately highly recommend this hotel to anyone going to NY by themselves or a couple that don't mind an 'intimate' room. Quick tip for any one on holiday to NYC - Get a Citypass. It's great value for money and the boat tour is excellent!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location is terrific Hotel 41 is in a location that is ideal for anyone who wants to be close to Broadway theaters, sights and restaurants. It is also an easy five-minute walk to the Port Authority to catch the airport bus to JFK Airport. The room was very clean, the staff was helpful and friendly, and the continental breakfast was fresh and convenient with plenty of complimentary newspapers. The capuccino coffee maker in the bar/breakfast area was an added bonus that was available throughout the day. Word of caution: Having traveled extensively throughout Europe. Asia, and the U.S., we have never stayed in a tinier room. The room was approximately 100 sq. feet including the bathroom which had a shower and no tub. (At a height of 5' 5 I could stretch sideways across the bed and touch both walls with no effort.) If only planning to spend very little time in the room, and if personal space isn't an issue, this is an excellent base for exploring Midtown Manhattan.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best location for the best city!! We got back from New York yesterday (I didn't want to come home)!!! A fantastic city made even more enjoyable to explore because of the location of this hotel. We arrived late on Saturday (probably about 11.30pm) and as the hotel is just off Times Square we came through all the hustle and bustle, what a fantastic sight and atmosphere. The location is great as there is a subway just outside the hotel (this was a cheap and very efficient means of transport, at no time did we feel unsafe and when you've walked for miles already it is a necessity!!), it is also on the Grey Line route (I would recommend this tour, we did it the afternoon before we went home - our feet were hurting so much - and it was a nice way to see the highlights of the city). The hotel is near all the major theatres, restaurants and lots of bus routes go through Times Square, if not the Bus Terminal is just at the end of the street. Pier 81 is only a 15 minute walk from the hotel; from here you can go on the Circle Line tour. We went on the tour twice, first time was the full tour of Manhattan and the second was the harbour lights tour - both are recommended. On the full tour you see all the main sights and some things that you don't expect - hills and green scenery! The harbour tour doesn't go all round Manhattan, but you do get to see the city lit up and the sight of the city lit up as the sun sets as you sail out to the Statue of Liberty is something I will never forget.Anyway, back to the hotel. It was comfortable; the staff were great and the free breakfast an excellent bonus! I truly believe that this holiday was as good as it was because of the location of this hotel. I would really recommend it, however, be warned, our room was small, but it was clean and anyway we weren't in there often we were out enjoying the fantastic city of New York. If you are undecided about going or worried about safety, DON'T!! Just go, it will be the best couple of days of your life!!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lpooluk
<Content>Great hotel - Tiny rooms! The hotel is in a great location, and the staff are second to none, however, the reason I gave it only an average rating is for the size of the room. I have NEVER seen a smaller room in my life. The website stated that the rooms are 100 sq ft. Mine looked closer to 50! These rooms make cruise ship cabins look like Buckingham Palace.At least the rooms were well kept and had all the unsual amenties, including a DVD player and free movie rentals at the front desk (a nice touch).Anyway, if you don't mind tiny rooms, I would recommend this hotel. Staff were very friendly and courteous.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DianeM32
<Content>Great value, friendly staff I've just come back from a 6 night stay at Hotel 41, I was in NY on business. For any business travellers out there, it was very good value, and convenient for going to meetings in midtown (usually within walking distance) or directly across the street from the subway to get anywhere else very quickly. I paid $180/night through Expedia, for a standard room. The room was small, but clean, and had everything you needed, with nice Aveda products. There is no bath though, just a shower. The staff were very friendly and helpful, they let me use their adapter for my cellphone when mine didn't work. You can rent DVD's for free to watch in your room. The bar area is nice, and is actually pretty happening most of the time in the evenings. They serve good cocktails! The free breakfast is good, lots of pastries and latte/espresso if you want it as well as juice. I personally don't like the Times Square location, I fine Times Square loud and garish, but it is convenient to get to other parts of the city. Considering most business hotels are $250 minimum/night this is worth a punt if you don't mind staying in Times Square!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommended I've just come back from a ten-day stay at Hotel 41 and had a great time. The staff are attentive, friendly and helpful. Great bar where breakfast is served every day. Room was lovely and the whole place is generally very well kept. Midtown is not the most interesting of areas, of course, but the hotel is close to lots of subway lines and so very well placed for getting around the city. It's true that the rooms are pretty small and mostly overlook brick walls, but this is New York, what are you gonna do?  
<Date>Sep 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - I Recommend It My wife and I recently stayed at Hotel 41 from Sept 6-Sept 12. I chose this hotel based upon the reviews I read on this site so I felt compelled to add my own after having a great experience here.The location, in our opinion, was perfect. You are basically at 41st and 7th Ave. Everything Times Square has to offer is within easy walking distance. Add to that the subway station across the street and you have easy access to anyplace in the city.The room is small but not tiny. And if you are anything like us and you only use the room for 7-8 hours of sleep a night then you never have time to notice how small it might be. There was a comfortable bed, mini-fridge, chest of drawers, small desk and electronic safe in the room...all of which fit comfortably.The staff was extremely friendly. They provided excellent recommendations on places to eat and off the beaten path places to visit. Any request we made was dealt with quickly and professionally.We spent 6 nights at Hotel 41 and paid a fraction of what it would have cost for us to stay at the Marriott Marquis 2 blocks away. If money is no object then stay at the Marriott but if you want more $$$ to spend on Broadway shows and 1st class dinners then this is a great hotel to consider.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel 41 a hidden gem My favorite secret place!Throughout the 2004 year I have stayed at this hotel 2 times with my husband and once with my mom. This place is a simple and clean place to stay. Its trendy and upbeat atmoshpere is perfect for a stay in the city. Both my hubby and mom only want to stay here in the future. For our wedding anniversary we stayed at the Waldorf Astoria....and we missed the hotel 41 the whole weekend!!! The only place we will be staying in 2005!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place Only in town for the weekend for the Garage Fest. Hotel was clean and we felt reasonably secure in the area. As others stated the standard hotel room was small and had no view but it was clean and suited our purposes of having a clean place to stay. Complementary breakfast was very nice, relaxing and a good way to start off hectic day. It was just off the main traffic areas enough and the hotel with only 47 guest rooms was very homey in such a bustling city.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great choice The standard room was quite small, but cozy. Everything was clean and the staff were all extremely friendly and professional. If you're going to see a show on Broadway the location definately cannot be beat. We are sure to stay here again and would strongly recommend it to others.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Location We stayed at Hotel 41 for four days in July; We think we made a great choice. To start, the hotel is in the perfect location...a block from Times Square and across the street from the subway. We took the airtrain from the airport, connected to the subway at Howard Beach Station, and when we got off at 42nd Street, the hotel was literally right in front of us. The staff was very friendly and informative. The rooms were very clean. Our room had a broken light fixture, but we weren't bothered by that. One suggestion, if you are night owls like us, ask for a room away from the elevator. At seven in the morning, when other guests were leaving to go explore, the squeaking of the elevators doors were somewhat bothersome. A good pair of earplugs solved that problem for me. The complimentary breakfast was good, the coffee was excellent! It is perfect for those who want a little bite to eat, not anything extravagant.The only drawback that I encountered at the hotel was that most rooms have a window that faces a brick wall. There was absolutely no natural light in the room, and you could not tell what the weather was like. A few mornings I had to tiptoe down to the end of the hallway to see if it was raining...not a big deal. Yes, the rooms are very small, but just fine for two people, actually kind of cozy!Overall, Hotel 41 is perfect for the budget-minded traveler on the go. You're in New York...who lounges around their hotel room anyway!!!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our stay in New York (2nd - 6th July 04) For my girlfriend and I, this was our first stay in New York and undoubtly our excllent break was made all that more enjoyable because Hotel 41 was so good.We wanted a small boutique type hotel in a central location and keenly priced - Hotel 41 is this and more.The hotel has a great feel about it, very cool and stylish. The staff couldn't have been more friendly, what with helping us with directions, serving in the bar or just opening and closing the door as we entered and left the hotel. We would highly recommend to anyone staying in New York to book Hotel 41, especially the younger generation who want somewhere that little bit cool and funky with clean (if not small) rooms.The breakfast of bagels, oj and coffee included in the price of the room is excellent and thankfully continues to be served up until midday at the weekends, which is great if you have been out late enjoying the night life of New York.We look forward to returning to New York and staying at Hotel 41 again.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent choice I chose the Hotel 41 for a stay (1st-6th July 2004) after reading reviews on here that put me off my first choice.Thank you to those reviewers: Hotel 41 is exactly as expected. Friendly staff, nice atmosphere, good location, admittedly small rooms (but big enough - a cat could just about have been swung), excellent linens and all spotlessly clean.The breakfast of bagels, danish, orange juice, coffee etc. hit exactly the right spot.Fully recommended.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommend Hotel 41 My wife and I just spent 4 nights in New York (July 1st - 5th) and we stayed at Hotel 41. Having stayed in another place in Manhattan last year, which was somewhat less than desirable, we figured it could only get better. Did it ever.From the moment we arrived, we knew that Hotel 41 was a great place. The staff is super friendly and helpful. They were always happy to see us, they opened the door for us, they helped us checked our flight information; everything you could expect from hotel staff. As we walked through the hotel, we noticed that all of the common areas: lobby, elevator, hallways, lounge/restaurant, were all immaculately clean and nicely decorated. When we got to our room, we found it again to be clean, bright, and stylishly decorated. The bed and pillows were very comfortable. There was ample drawer and closet space, with plenty of hangers. The room was equipped with: a small fridge, an iron, a small ironing board, extra blankets and pillows, a phone, TV, high speed internet, and a safe. The air conditoning and its controls, worked. There was never any problem with water pressure or hot water availability in the bathroom. The only downside to the room, if this is something you want or need, is that it was small and had no view. For my wife and me, there was more than enough room, but these are not important criteria to us. The main section of the bedroom is about 10'x10' with a double bed, small fridge, one bedside table, and a small desk. The other section of the room (approx. 10'x5') had the closet and the bathroom.The breakfast, included in the price of the room, was just right. The lounge/bar where breakfast was served was comfortable, quite, and inviting. There were croissants, scones, danishs, jam, cream cheese and big New York bagels. They also had OJ and great coffee. I'm not into Atkens nor do I regularly eat big bacon and eggs breakfasts so this was perfect. To top it off, there were copies of the New York Times available. What else could you ask for to start your day?As far as location goes, you can't beat it. Hotel 41 is located right in the heart of the theatre district. It's within less than 10 minutes on foot to all of the theatres and restaurant row. Also, it's right across the street from the entrance to most of New York's subway lines.Finally, on price you just can't beat Hotel 41. All in all, I hope that this little gem in Manhattan is still as cheap, the next time we want to go to New York.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Greatest hotel in NY with no view. This was our first trip to NYC and was going for my wifes birthday to see Rent and to see NY. We chose the hotel due to being right beside Netherlander theater. We loved the room and the location was great just one block over with restaurants and shops and just a couple blocks off time square. We were blown away. The hotel and the room was very quiet at night. The only bad part there is two views out of this hotel and both are to the backs of other brick buildings. But we did not care we only did two things there any way. Sleep and .. and the beds were very comfortable. Also if you are a rent fan or a fan of scary spice she hangs out here. after the show she just walked on in. Can't say enough. Almost perfect.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WhitefishBay
<Content>The Good and the Bad I have mixed emotions about Hotel 41. The location is very central and close to the Subway stop, but I won't stay in Times Square on my next visit to NYC. Just personal preferance, but I dislike the sensory overload of this area. Our 2nd floor room faced 41st, and we could hear some crowd noise as well as lots of garbage trucks in the middle of the night, every night.The hotel itself has nice, modern decor and friendly staff. Our rooms were clean and well stocked with towels, robes, bath products, etc. The other visitors were quiet and respectful. Our biggest problem was MICE. Promptly after checking in, we spotted a mouse running around in the shower stall. The manager seemed shocked and immediately moved us to a new room. They insisted this was an isolated incident. However a few days later, my husband and other guests saw a mouse running around during breakfast, which is served in the bar. Hopefully this is an acute problem the staff will attend to, as it was otherwise a very nice place.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice little place My wife and I travel to NYC quite a bit, and this was the first time we stayed at a boutique-style hotel. For starters, the rooms are very small, but very clean and comfortable. If you want more room, than you'll need the Novotel, Sheraton or the Crowne Point Plaza. Nonetheless, it's Midtown, and how much time are you actually going to spend in the room anyway?Second, the staff was very friendly and helpful. My wife and I were celebrating our 5th wedding anniversary so our first morning there I got up to go get some roses along 8th Ave. Needless to say I had nothing to put them in. The folks at the lobby went out of their way to find a vase and arrange them for me.It is also the little things that we liked. For example, 95% of the time there is someone there to open the front door for you. Also, when you check in they give you a complimentary bottle of spring water. Hey, it may not not sound like much, but if you have had nothing to drink on the NJ Transit from Trenton, or if you have walked up from Penn Station with luggage, then that little bottle is a nice refresher!The best feature is Hotel41's location. It is a stones throw to the 42nd Street MTA Station. If you like the hustle of 7th Ave and Broadway then you are right there. It is also nice for walking to the west side; 8th or 9th Avenues are a nice strool with good eats. Hotel41 is right in the missle of all of this.My wife and I both agreed that will would stay here again.  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our stay here from May 21, 2004 to to May 24, 2004.The rooms are very small - our double bed pretty much stretched from wall to wall, but it is very stylish and quiet. No view to speak of. The bathroom is a good size and there was enough space for us to unpack all our clothes. We also appreciated the in-room safe.The location is very central - a subway station is right across the street, and you can be in the heart of Times Square if you want in a few minutes walk.The continental breakfast that is included is also a nice perk - we toasted a bagel every morning and read the paper. A great way to start the day.For the price ($159 US), this was a great find, and we would definitely return.  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value - great location I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel having read some of the previous reviews.The room was admittedly a little on the small side but as I was travelling alone it didn't matter! The overall hotel was excellent and my room was very comfortable with all the necessary bit and pieces. The staff were very friendly and the bar was great. Bar staff too made me feel very welcome. The free breakfast was also very good - a nice unlimited selection of pastries/bagels/scone type things, with o/j and tea/coffee. Good way to set you up for the day.The best thing was probably the location - a one minute walk from Times Square and the subway. Also very close to the Empire State Building etc too. Fantastic base for sight-seeing.I would recommend this to any traveller but if you are a party of 2+ you may want to try a suite! I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay Me and my boyfriend stayed here for Valentine's day and it was great. The room was decent sized and very clean. The hotel staff was both superb and friendly. Staying in Times Square was great because we felt like we were constantly involved in all the action. The front desk agent Stefan was very helpful with sending me and my boyfriend to all these great clubs and restaurants. I recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome!! I stayed there for a week and I had a great time. The people were courteous and helpful in every way. The rooms are small. Just enough room for a bed, and to walk around that bed, and that's about it, but you shouldn't be staying in the room a lot anyway, it's right in Times Square! Great location, walking distance to lots of places, and an entrance to the subway is right across the street. The first room I had was a full size bedroom, but the internet did not work, so they put us in a queen size bedroom that same day, at no extra charge. The price is very considering the area and average cost for hotels in the same area. I would definately recommend and would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cozz
<Content>Great hotel I stayed at the Hotel 41 At Times Square ( between 7th and 8th Avenues) from 21-02-04 till 24-02-04. I arrived at 1pm and my room was already available. After receiving the complimentary bottle of water I took my bags up in the roomy lift. The room was on the 6th floor (room 604) and while it was one of their superior rooms, it was still very small. However, the room was immaculate as was the bathroom. The view was of a flat roof and air conditioning ducts but I wasn't staying here for the view and it was nice and quiet. There was a television and DVD player and a fridge in the room, along with a glass top writing desk and chair and a full length mirror in the bedroom. There were plenty of hangers in the cupboard and an electronically lockable safe (which I couldn't get to work, so someone came up to sort it out for me). The heating is controlled within the room, so you can heat it up or cool it down at will. The window also opened. There were 4 large pillows on the bed and soft cotton sheets. The room was cleaned every day as was the bathroom along with fresh towels and bedding. There were complimentary Aveda bathroom products which were lovely. The hairdryer in the bathroom was quite powerful so you won't have to bring your own. The breakfast was simple but more than enough. Bagels with cream cheese, danishes, biscuits and a delicious cake with glazing that I can thoroughly recomend! There were also water, juice, coffee and a selection of teas. The main areas were well kept and spotless. The staff were fantastic, really lovely bunch of young people that were very professional. They made you feel very welcome and are an asset to the hotel. Free DVD's are available to watch in your room from the reception. Opposite the hotel is the 42nd street subway station with access to the A, C, and E lines and the S, the N, R, Q and W lines as well as the 1, 2, 3 and 9. The Port Authority bus terminal is a 5 minute walk from the hotel. Next door is the Nederlander Theater which is staging Rent. On the opposite corner is a lobster restaurant that also had a take out service and looked busy every night. There is also a MacDonalds in the street. I found this hotel to be in an excellent location for getting around. It is also in walking distance to theaters and restaurants. I will definately go back there on my next visit to New York.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>citychicky
<Content>A True Find! I really enjoyed my stay at Hotel 41. It is clean, attractive, perfectly located and modern. My boyfriend and I decided to spend a night in the city so we could both have a few drinks and relax instead of making the trip back to CT. I looked at many different web sites and found Hotel 41 for 129.00 on expedia. The reviews here are all right on the money - the rooms are small but really nice. The staff was very friendly, we got a free bottle of water when we checked in and a free ny times in the morning. I was a little nervous that it would be noisy as it is in the middle of times square but I never heard a peep, except for noise from the hallway. If I had to say something negative about it I would say that the tv is small, far away from the bed and too high up for serious viewing but since we were only there for one night it didnt really matter to us. I also would prefer to have had a fan in the bathroom. I recommend it highly and will definitely stay there again, you cant beat it for the money!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay! We chose Hotel 41 based on Trip Advisor reviews. An excellent and affordable place to stay in Times Square. Right by the Times Square subway station and within walking distance of theaters and restaurants. Very nice room although small. Aveda bath products. Great bar downstairs. Complementary breakfast - could have had some more variety and one morning was a little late getting set up, but who can really complain when it's free. The staff was very courteous. We got a great rate over the internet. Would definitely stay there again and will recommend to friends traveling to NYC.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Petacos
<Content>Wonderful for New York / Estupendo para Nueva York   showReview(1627822, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hip Little Place   showReview(1536864, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing   showReview(1531363, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This was a great hotel and would recommend it.   showReview(1493567, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Choice   showReview(1493392, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location!   showReview(1368077, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little disapointed   showReview(1341796, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CALuv2Travel
<Content>Excellent choice!   showReview(1236310, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Secret of NYC in Times Square   showReview(1153833, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pufty
<Content>Highly Recommended   showReview(1090609, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bersee59235
<Content>Des chambres minuscules   showReview(20702396, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Toplage und perfekter Service   showReview(20551325, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lycka08
<Content>Hotel muy recomendable   showReview(20229504, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Diego_Mosquera
<Content>Para pocos dias   showReview(20097790, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bien situe tres correct mais un peu bruyant et exigu   showReview(20551324, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>notte da incubo in camera claustrofobica di non pi霉 di 7 mt qu   showReview(20551326, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>marine3219
<Content>H么tel bien situ茅       la chambre  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage, nettes Personal   showReview(19630839, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zentral,modern,afterwork   showReview(19630838, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(18528185, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(18528184, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel in sehr guter Lage   showReview(18528181, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel direkt am Times Square   showReview(17430795, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fantastische Lage, fantastischer Service, absolute Sauberkeit.   showReview(17430793, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>NY est si grand et les chambres si petites   showReview(17430792, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Patussina
<Content>una scelta davvero sensata l'Hotel 41   showReview(16675541, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Preis-Leistungs-Verh盲ltnis   showReview(17430791, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ich fand es echt toll !!!   showReview(16591858, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder, tolle Lage   showReview(16591854, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sauberes und nettes Hotel - leider sehr kleine Zimmer   showReview(16591857, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	1	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Preis/Leistung o.k.   showReview(16591855, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>durchschnittliche unterkunft -   showReview(16591852, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo rapporto prezzo qualit脿   showReview(16591853, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>parfait pour un court s茅jour   showReview(16591845, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>evviva times square!   showReview(16591851, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pulito, accogliente e centrale   showReview(15572469, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s d茅cus par cet h么tel malgr茅   showReview(15572468, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un petit hotel id茅alement situ茅   showReview(15572470, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Frednoos
<Content>Bonne situation, bon hotel mais cher!   showReview(15041138, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	-1	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une adresse 脿 retenir   showReview(13975373, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>molto bello e confortevole ma camere troppo piccole   showReview(13975372, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉hlten uns gut aufgehoben   showReview(13975371, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(13192371, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>2glasses
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel in perfekter Lage       Schlafbereich  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un bon hotel 脿 times square   showReview(13192370, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima posizione, pulito, cordiali   showReview(13192364, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jakomino
<Content>Carino, economico e attaccato a Times Square   showReview(12632647, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Piccolo ma non gli manca niente   showReview(11301290, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Lage, Zimmer klein aber sauber, Personal sehr nett. Klasse !   showReview(11301289, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>akzeptabler Preis bei guter Lage!   showReview(11661440, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>mittendrin statt nur dabei   showReview(11661439, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>panda2dragon
<Content>Tres bon hotel 脿 Time Square !   showReview(8863685, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>Herr_Schnarrwiler
<Content>Empfehlung: Angenehmes Hotel an Top-Lage   showReview(8665264, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(11443414, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolle Lage, nette Ausstattung, sehr kleine Zimmer   showReview(11429336, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>violettacheride
<Content>Autunno al 41 times square   showReview(7554168, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hot锚l 脿 recommander   showReview(11403092, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>agr茅ablement surpris   showReview(11397107, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel 脿 deux pas de Times Square   showReview(11360619, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute zentrale Lage   showReview(11355389, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>excellente location mais chambre petite et bruyante   showReview(11355388, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buono ma con qualche pecca!   showReview(11333495, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>formidablement situ茅, tr猫s bel accueil   showReview(11329340, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

