<Author>Tuxmiller
<Content>May as well have spit in my face at check in! If you like a cranky old man who appears to be ready for a fist fight when you check in....this place is for you!The lady who took our reservation was very nice, offering us a room for one night when there is usually a 3 night minimum.Apparently, Senor Big Cheese didn't agree and almost came across the reception desk at me when I asked about it. The room rate and actual room reserved (canal view) did not match what we were originally quoted, nor what we were given.He showed me an email with an agreed upon higher rate (didn't match confirmation) which I agreed to as long as I got the canal view room. He refused and was seething mad. And charged extra for the 5th person.A long climb up very narrow stairs resulted in a sufficient room with a loft and decorated in a nautical theme. Clean, spacious enough for four or five CLOSE family member and a decent bathroom made for an okay room; but not what we paid for.Later he wouldn't allow us to use the computer in the parlor area so we couldn't access the printer to show him the electronic version of the confirmation so we had to access the internet at a coffee shop. Not exactly the ideal solution when it's you and your 15 year-old son. Breakfast was standard Netherland fare and was acceptable, but the cranky old man syndrome doesn't work too well for repeat guests. It's a quaint setting over the canal...if only we could have seen it.Won't be returning here until the old man croaks and new customer service is established.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	1	2	

<Author>Mykel75
<Content>Nice Hotel, good location Nice clean friendly hotel, very well located for the centre of Amsterdam. No problems with this hotel, come in on the train from the Airport just go right up the centre Street and keep on walking. No issues with the hotel and we stayed there over new year. by the way, new year in Amsterdam is excellent.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>HOSPITALITYMANok
<Content>Fleas beware It was our third trip to Amsterdam and the web page of the Hotel advertised a newly refurbished and charming 17th Century Hotel oozing with charecter and very central to the Heart of Amsterdam.What they didnt mention was it was probably the 17th Century when they last cleaned the place. We booked a double room on the web and were asked for payment in Full within 60 seconds of arriving which I thought unusual but not alarming until that is I saw the state of our bedroom with its two single beds pushed together to form a double ? double back breacker more like. The room was dirty and bare save for the dust lazing about the place and the ensuite was undescribable. I' m not going to even attempt to waste words on it. If you wanted to get wet in the shower you had to run around in it and hope and pray the odd drop of water hit your back. Do you rememeber the toilet paper the grandparents might have had ? you know the stuff you could also use as tracing paper for school projects well this hotel still uses it which prompted us to find suitably vacant alternative wcs with 21st century toilet paper. Its ok you can forgive the fact that they dont have a lift and the stairs are practically vertical but come on - proper double beds, real toilet paper and a shower that does exactly what it says on the tin are minimal requirements for any hotel in this day and age. Basically if you still want to stay here then bring cleaning materials and a spray for fleas. we both got bitten several times from the neck upwards as the little bastards only come out of the mattress to bite you when your asleep and dreaming of real hospitality elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Excess-Baggage-UK
<Content>Friendly staff Really lovely staff who were friendly and spoke excellent English. Good location and full of quirky features appropriate to a building of this age. We had a lot of fun here and would stay again.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lucy083
<Content>Great location I stayed at this hotel with my boyfriend for a long weekend. The location was perfect as it is easy access and walking distance to the city centre. The staff were helpful and the room was very clean and adequate for our stay.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>melissa1233
<Content>People, You're in Amsterdam... I went to Amsterdam back in '04, so of course this review is dated, yet my family had planned on staying there again last year. Due to high airline costs, we were unable to make the trip there. At the time, the hotel was pricey, but as were other hotels in the area. It's really in a prime spot, but the railway that went right in front of the hotel got old when you are trying to sleep (Imagine hearing the rumbling outside when it went zooming up, ringing the bell to say IM HERE!!!! and then whiz away. The houses in Amsterdam are tall... not wide, which means that anyone with a fear of steep stairs, or a disability, should really contact the hotel and ask if it's accomodating to them. I nearly laughed when reading about other people's suprise when they realized they had to climb the tiny stairs to their rooms. It sucks carrying your luggage up the stairs, but I tend to pack light and didn't have a problem. The hotel didn't have a.c. when we went, which was fine. It was nice out. And the view of the building across the street was amazing. The walk to the historical sites (which are everywhere), was fairly easy. A short walk, and you're at Rembrandt square and in he red light district. The internet was slow, yet I emailed people and that was it. The staff was always friendly, and always willing to give suggestions on where to go sightseeing. I won't get into many more details, as my post is very outdated, but really.... If anyone physically cannot walk up stairs (particularily small winding steps), then don't waste your time on this hotel. Also, call the hotel of your choice ahead of time to make sure that they can help with your disability/fear/other physical limits. Amsterdam is known for its tall, narrow houses though, and much appreciation should be given to them. They are truly beautiful.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>Nells_and_Bob
<Content>Does ANYONE get to stay in the nice rooms on their website? We saw the website, it looked fantastic. We get there and, oh those rooms are taken, small room at the top and at the back for you, same price though. Paid in advance!Nice polite helpful hotel staff, but...Shabby Room, bathroom door had to be shoved to get it to open past the toliet seat ( yes it was that small a bathroom)The pillows were flat and the bed bumpy. The carpet felt sticky underfoot.The bedside lamps in the room did not work. The double bed was two singles pushed together under one double bed cover!The *stunning* artwork was a print in a cheap frame. The ones on the website were hired maybe?The breakfast... the sliced meats were curling at the edges, the cheese was darkening on the edges.This hotel cost us 拢80 for the room for a night. We expected something special and got cheapo bed and breakfast style.Very disappointing for our first romantic visit to Amsterdam!Nells and Bob  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	4	1	3	4	-1	

<Author>ribm7727
<Content>Dingy Hotel in a Dingy City We stayed here in mid August. Top tip - don't book your hotel in Amsterdam on the hop like us!The staff were impatient and rude from the off, they were reluctant for me to see the room before parting with 鈧?which immediately made me suspicious...They also charge an outrageous 4% on credit cards.The room was OK, I had an excellent view of the landing, the building next door and a couple of brick walls.The cleaner also did their best by opening a window we had closed which then posed a massive burglary risk, as well as drenching the room when it rained.The cleanliness of this hotel is questionable, I received many flea bites whilst staying here which I cannot account for.We did not have breakfast as @ 鈧?2 each you can eat at lots of better places for less!!They are doing major road and canal works out front and there is also no car parking.Amsterdam is a hige city - there are many hotels - have a good look around before deciding to stay here!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>boostandish
<Content>Hmm....... Yuk. Never again will I stay at this hotel. The carpets were dirty and threadbare, the beds were comfortable, but would have been even better if they had been pushed together properly. The noise coming from the street works was unbearable, and although the staff were aware that they would be taking place overnight, (they told us the next morning) we were given no warning. The noise is of course not the hotel's doing, but it would have been nice to have been warned. The canal view rooms overlook the busy road and then a small stretch of water, but hiking the prices for these rooms really did push the boundries of decency.I would not recommend this hotel at all.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You Can Find Better This is a two star hotel located in Old Amsterdam. The building is an historic building and consequently there is no lift. Carrying your bags up narrow winding stairs is impossible for one that is handicapped and nearly impossible for the elderly, children and those not having their full strength. It is privatlely owned by two partners. Free internet, as advertised, is a PC adjoining the reception area. While there it went down for almost a day. One of the partners informed us that the free use was only for three days of our five day stay. The room we stayed in was not a canal view, however it was very noisy with the noise coming from those adjoining rooms beside, over and above us. We found the room to be of adequate size and housekeeping did a good job of cleaning it daily. The shower, which I am sure was added, is small but adequate for one person. Breakfast was included with our room and was the usual Northern Europe fare of cheeses, meats, breads, etc. The staff did an excellent job in directing us to the various attractions and sites.The hotel site is centrally located: Tour boats across the canal; restaurants right up the road; and trams almost right out the door. In balancing the positives and the negatives, I would have to say that I would look for another hotel should I return to Amsterdam. I think better vaules could be found.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Babs&Beryl
<Content>Wouldn't recommend this hotel Stayed in Hotel Des Arts in July 2005. Not impressed. Rooms not as shown on website. They were at the top of three flights of increasingly steeper, winding stairs. (Very difficult to manage when carrying cases) Rooms were also small, dirty and smelly with dismal view of brick walls and roofs. Bathroom decidely grotty. Also very noisy.The staff were not particularly welcoming and internet access promised was an old PC in the corner of a room by reception.Best thing about the hotel was its execllent location.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Mags81
<Content>Good Value for Money The location of this hotel is great-it is right in front of the main shopping street and within walking distance of everything. The staff were very nice and helpful when we asked about things to see  do. Our room was very big and quite comfortable (but dark) and the bathroom facilities were fine. The breakfast was lovely-lots of nice salamis, cheeses, etc. I would say it is a good value hotel as its reasonably priced-I have definitely stayed in nicer places but this was perfectly fine and suited us for our weekend stay in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid at All Costs I stayed at the des Arts for a couple of nights on the return end of a business trip. As other reviewers have stated, the hotel location is decent and the staff are friendly. That's the extent of the positives. The hallways and rooms are kind of dingy and smelly and my room was subject to a lot of street noise. The pictures at the hotel's website are misleading and make the rooms look better than reality. The hotel charges 4% to use a credit card and the advertised internet access (an old PC in a room adjacent to the lobby) is another fee. As another reviewer reported, I also was told that I couldn't get in after 2am or so. I didn't take the chance, but this sure seemed weird. Finally, breakfast was the standard Northern European fare of cheese and meats, but the selection and quality was a level below what you'd expect for the price of the hotel (although the coffee was good).  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>FamilyFun33
<Content>Very Disappointing - Not Recommended Based on recommendations here, we booked a quad room for a single night in July to spend a day in Amsterdam before heading home after a 2-week trip in Europe. Upon arriving at the Hotel des Arts we found the location to be great and the staff was friendly and accommodating. Our room was up several flights of narrow, winding steps which was somewhat expected -- we didn't expect the smell of urine in the hallways though! Our room was a small with a fold-out couch and a single bed on the 1st floor and an improvised loft built into the ceiling with a double bed (accessed by a stairway that was closer to a ladder). The room was not very clean and there was little air flow. That night the real trouble started -- the loft area was about 90 degrees and felt more like Panama than Northern Europe since there was no fan and only a small window. Our two children, who were excited about sleeping the loft, gave up after two hours of tossing and turning in the heat. I agreed to sleep upstairs and about 1am finally fell asleep in the tropics. In the morning I awoke with about 20 mosquito bites that I guess were from mosquitoes that had flown in through the small window in the roof. We really are troopers and none of this would have mattered had this been a $50 a night roughing it night which we've done many times before. The room, however, cost us just under 200 Euro or about $240 so our expectations were obviously much higher. There are many, many better hotels in Amsterdam for that price. Don't stay here.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great little hotel No problem getting in 24 hours a day. The door was locked, but there was always someone on reception to open it. We had clean towels everyday and the room and bathroom were spotless.Yes it is a basic hotel with no lift, but if you do even a little research before you book, you should know this.The corridors could do with a fresh coat of paint, but the communal areas were fine.It is in a great position, you can walk almost everywhere and within 5 mins there are lots of good restaurants.For a budget hotel it was difficult to fault and we had the room right at the top!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AW4travelin
<Content>Not so impressed with Des Artes I had high expectations and thought it was going to be a great stay. My girlfriend and I (both in mid-20's) are checking in and one of the first words out of the owner's mouth is that you must be back in your hotel before 2 A.M. on the weekdays (Sun. - Thur.) or you are sleeping on the street! The guy had no smile or laugh, expressionless, so I confirmed what I thought I just heard and he gave me the same speech.Ok, a hotel you are paying money for should never lock you out!! Not to mention you are in Amsterdam which is one of the biggest party cities in the world and you can't stay out past 2 A.M.!! What kind of a establishment are they running??It was obvious this is an independently owned place and the owner's have minimal staff but if you asked for anything, like fresh towels in your room or to go down to their laundry room to iron clothes, the owner seemed reluctant to grant your wish and at times flat out refused. And to top it off, their was no lift in the hotel so you had to heave your luggage up steep, spiral, slanting stairs to get to your room.All this being said, the hotel is in a nice location (1 tram stop from Dam Square) and the price was decent (but not great for what you get) and the owner is very willing to help you out with finding your way around the city or getting the hours of operations to a museum or night club, etc. If it were not for their night policy, the lack of air conditioning, and their reluctance to fulfill everyday requests, I would stay there again. I would recommend this hotel to families who are traveling to Amsterdam to see the city and have no desire to go enjoy the night life.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>eliza80
<Content>Say no to canal view rooms!! I have just returned from a fantastic stay in Hotel Des arts! I was really impressed with the staff, breakfast, size and cleanliness of our room.The whole experience we had of Hotel Des Arts was a positive one, the only thing that I could say was a bit of a nightmare was that our room was overlooking the canal which was lovely BUT it is so noisy at night time with trams and pissed people! which normally won't be a problem unless like us you had a 4am flight the night before!! we averaged about 4 hours sleep the whole weekend due to the noise outside!!!I would definatly stay at the hotel again and I loved Amsterdam!!  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hoople
<Content>Canal view rooms, large and comfortable After reading several Trip Advisor reviews, decided to stay here which we did from November 17-21. The canal view room was very large, with high ceilings with wood beams, a fireplace(non-working), sitting area and a couch. Windows were floor to ceiling. Closet space was good and bathroom roomy. Hotel is centrally located between Centraal Station and the Leidesplein. Trams stop right outside of hotel which is two blocks from the Rembrandtsplein and the Flower Market. Breakfast which was included, was standard continental fare. Overall it was a good experience and fairly reasonable by Amsterdam standards. If you are looking for a quiet room, don't reserve the canal view although the noise outside wasn't too bad. Be advised that if you pay by credit card they charge you a 4% fee. Only problem we had was getting new towels daily, even though we followed standard towel etiquette. (Towels on the floor means we want new ones). This hotel does not have an elevator, but that is part of its charm since you are staying in old Amsterdam building. Would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a true old Amsterdam experience.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place to stay We celebrated my mother's eightieth birthday in early September by spending a few days in Amsterdam and stayed in four rooms at the Hotel des Arts. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The shower/bathrooms were utilitarian but not cramped, with plenty of hot water. All the staff we met were extremely helpful, and pleasant. On the day of my mother's birthday, the champagne we had brought was put in the refrigerator in the kitchen, and at 6pm, the front of house staff put out glasses and napkins in the hotel living room and we were able to have a private drinks party. No one could have been more helpful, and we would reccommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LittleLyssa
<Content>Loved it! Hotel Des Arts was excellent. After being in some crappy spots around Europe, we were very pleasantly surprised. The desk staff were amazing, very polite and welcoming. Rooms were large and clean and the location was excellent for two 20 year olds as it was far away enough but close enough to red light to be perfect. beds were very comfy! Good breakfast too.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Opinionated_Girl
<Content>Convenient and laid back I was pleased with des Arts. The desk staff were all very friendly and eager to share advice about restaurants, the city, the customs - laid back but attentive. The rooms were large. The canal view room was comfortable, except that the tram stops in front of the hotel and the street, Rokin, gets noisy. The inside rooms are just as nice and are quiet. The beds were really comfortable! I've never been to Amsterdam, didn't know what to expect from a hotel I'd found on the internet, but I was pleased. Location was ideal. Not too close to the Red Light District to be seedy, but close to shopping, restaurants and other interesting activities.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location Just come back from a weekend away in Amsterdam staying a the hotel Des Arts. The hotel is a clean but basic hotel, no tea / coffee facilities or hairdryers in the room, the rooms were of a decent size however our room was on the top floor accessed by a very steep spiral staircase, not good after a few drinks ! There are no lifts. Its location however was brilliant , right in the centre of the city just a 20 minute walk from the central station ( or 5 minute tram ride which stops right outside the hotel ) with all attractions easily within walking distance. The staff were also extremely helpful.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cheap clean and safe. Hotel is above average but only for this price range, if you are looking for a really nice hotel stay at the Canal House. I stayed at the Arts Hotel in Feb 2002 I think they have made some improvements since then but I could be wrong. Anyway at that time I found the hotel to be great value, I stayed in a single which was of a good size although the public phone was outside the door and was constantly in use by loud American's telling the world how stoned they where! My only grip was my friends had a lovely large room facing the canal which is worth the extra cost, however, my friends had not made aware of the extra charge so they had to pay more than they where quoted, too stoned to complain!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ar0und_the_w0rld_08
<Content>Fabulosa Estancia       Triple con vistas al canal  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E' una struttura molto vecchia...   showReview(11365785, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

