<Author>kelleyellek
<Content>Wonderful experience We just spent several nights here and highly, highly recommend it. The beach is stunning and quiet, and located just steps from the rooms. The staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. Located on the same stretch as a number of other big, high-end hotels, I felt fortunate to have chosen the Keraton, as it is smaller, a wonderful value, and feels more personal than the others. The grounds are gorgeous, and the rooms are simple but beautiful.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>advisor22SanDiego
<Content>mmm ok I'll start with the positive, the gardens and location! The grounds are nice and have a lot of cool plants and orchids. The location is nice since it on Jimbaran bay, and close to cool little seafood restaurants. Well the check in was just ok. We show up for our honeymoon, clearly a couple. Off we got to our room, only to find out we are booked in a room with 2 separate little beds. uggggggggg! Love how the front desk woman didnt mention that to us since she knows we would have been unhappy about it. So we had the bell boy call to see if there were any other rooms available. In a matter of 10 seconds, he relayed there was not. Seems to me they didnt try very hard! The room sucked and the air conditioning didnt work. After we settled in, we headed to the front desk to see if we could be moved the next day to a room with a queen like we had reserved. We were told to check back the next day. Again, seems to me that they don't try very hard. I feel they should have put on a list and let us know if something came available. I'm the one on vacation right, and it was there mistake! Pool service is terrible to non existent. Its like they dont want your money. They make you Check-in and out towels for the pool, by signing on the dotted line, and room number. I think its ridiculous, no one wants your old junky towels anyway! The last day we were there waiting to be taken to the airport, we decided to eat by the pool. After looking around and waiting 20 minutes for someone to help me, i decided to go up to the bar/restaurant myself to get a menu. I got 2 menus and told the waitress i would be at the pool, which is in clear site of the restaurant. She never came to get my order. So i went back to the bar and ordered 2 drinks from the bar tender and asked if i could order food. He said yes and then turned away and never came back. After sitting there for 15 minutes with no help, i got up to approach the same waitress i had talked to over 30 minutes prior. Next thing i know the rude bartender tells her something in Indonesian, and she acts all attentive and takes my order- geez leweez! DUH!La-Te-Da, 40 minutes later and still waiting for our food, i tell the staff we have to leave to catch a flight. They tell us the food wont be ready, and then, after some back and forth, decide that they will hurry. The food never came, and we left to catch our plane hungry. I really dont recommend this place at all unless you get a screaming deal, or you just dont care about service.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	1	1	2	

<Author>StevieRelievie
<Content>If I could spend my last days anywhere..... What can I say? When the wicked die they go to hell, but the righteous are assured of a reservation at the Keraton Jimbaran Resort. Being greeted by staff in quaint psuedo-traditional costumed uniform and by arrival herald by a gong certainly diminished any inferiority complex I may have previously experienced. Like all international hotels, my accomodation was not ready for my arrival however I was persuaded toward forgiveness when I was asked to settle for suite accomodation until my standard room was made available on the following morning. Even the standard rooms were superbly graceful in their traditional Balinese decor and ornate woodwork (albeit, the twin doors to the rooms required both doors to be opened to enable my girth to enter comfortably. The accomodation included a dedicated veranda with twin seating and table, again in ornate Balinese woodwork. The upper floor accomodation similarly had balconies - all of this overlooking a lush tropical garden setting. Bliss!!! Accomodation despite being dense was extremely discrete and rarely crossed paths with other guests outside of the common areas. All staff whether they be concierge or domestic workers greeted me with genuine and unintrusive warmth without exception. The pool area had a swim-up bar which regretably was never in service. The staff within the common areas of the resort including the spa, gift shop and craft vendors were courteous and unintrusive in comparison to the opportunistic and entrepreneurial traits of mist Balinese vendors. The beachfront had an abundance of deck chairs both in full sun although largely within the shade of well canopied trees. The beach (being within the bay) was extremely calm and inviting and the sand adjacent to the resort was continually being raked by resort staff to maintain a pleasing presentation. A couple of critisisms of the beachfront was the presence of small fish washed upon the shoreline which may have represented the superflous bait being disgarded by the local fishing enterprises (Jimbaran is predominately a fishing village) or may be indicative of the toxins within the bay. I prefer the former theory. Another criticism is the presence of (presumably) stray mongrel dogs occupying the beach - however despite my anxiety about stray dogs, there was absolutely no sign of territorial aggression and I felt more at ease with these dogs than I would have back at home. The sand was also discoloured by ash and charcoal - presumably disgarded by the nearby barbeque seafood vendors. Did I say barbequed seafood? During my stay in Bali I have almost been tempted by Special Massage, Jiggy-Jig, Beautiful young girl from Legian however there is no greater ecstacy than seafood being grilled over coconut husks and lovingly seasoned and marinated. There are around half-a-dozen seafood reastaurants with candlelight tables extending on the beachfront serving a multitude varieties of fish and seafoodwith rice, salad, dessert and the obligatory Bintang Beer. One that comes to mind is Lia's which served me a meal intended for two consisting of grilled prawns, clams, fish, crayfish, crab along with the usual rice, salad, condiments and the obligatory peanuts and two small Bintangs for Rp220,000 or AUD $24.00. I had no hot date that evening however I was certainly on a promise....with myself. Please note that the further from Jimbaran will result in a higher-priced meal. I recommend that you stick with the half-a-dozen restaurants on the immediate stretch close to Keraton. If you're adventurous, take the 1Km trek to the Kimbaran Bay open air fish market which also includes all sorts of clothing and accessories. The vendors are not as hard-arse as in Kuta or Legian and you may be rewarded for the extra shoe leather expended. Enough of the beachfront. The front entrance to the Keraton Resot will find the Uluwata Jalan which is the main thoroughfare toward the airport and Kuta/Denpasar. Unlike the busy commercial precincts such as Kuta, you will enjoy unintrusive village life. The locals will mind their own business and the children will regard you as the most interesting thing they've seen all day.There are an abundance of Warungs (food vendors) of varying standards of (almost) sophistication. I've eaten at many of them and despite warnings of beware of street food, I've survived it all. Ironically, the two best meals I've enjoyed were from a wheelbarrow vendor of superb Nasi Goreng and...take careful note here...a vendor who sells a dish of Indian origin called Martibak. Mr Martibak vendor has a glass enclosed barrow on a small carpark of a retail establishment. Martibak is the stretched elasticised roti-style dough which is spun-stretched to fit a circular hotplate. The dought is then spread with a highly seasoned and herbed egg mixture and then folded into a brick which is then cut into around eight portions. This is divinity in a consumable form. Not all to far north is the Trolley supewrmarkey in which you can purchase local and familiar produce at extremely good price - in particular, your supply of bottled drinking water and local inexpensive beers. Trolley is also a great place to break-down your large Rp100K and Rp 50K notes which the local vendors cannot cope with.Back to the Keraton....the breakfast!!!! The breakfast is great , not only because of its quality and abundance, there is such variety!!!! There are cold meats, fruits and salads, there are bacon, eggs and sausages, there are various pastries and spreads, but there are also wonderfully uinique and (for me) unusual items available to test the palate. Various noodles, braised vegetables, rich and savoury bean-cakes, tofu's mushrooms....every morning is a new surprise!!! When the joys of paradise becomes overbearingly sedate, there's a free shuttle-bus which departs around 9:30 am and again at 4:00ish pm for Kuta. You can also be collected from Kuta at around 4:30-5:00pm from outside of the Hard Rock Hotel in Kuta.I'll be honest, I booked 8 nights at Keraton although was forced to change hotels after the sixth night after being scammed, robbed and harrased by persons from Kuta whom I was foolish enough to tell them where I was staying. I almost wept when I checked out having explained my predicament. The management offered me 24/7 security at my room to ensure that my enjoyement and security was maintained. For those concerned about security in light of terrorism in recent years.....nothing is ever guaranteed however it was reassuiring to note that Keraton examine all vehicles (including undercarriage) prior to admitting within their confines. Hopefully you will enjoy Keraton as much as I did.....however, bring your own kettle and teabags!!!!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sfordu
<Content>Really good start to a GREAT vacation I absolutely agree that the rooms are kind of dark/lacking in natural light. The view from our small window was a cinderblock wall topped with barbed wire. But I was in Bali! I was not looking out my window, I was out experiencing an AMAZING island! My room was always very clean. The bathroom was very nice. The staff was friendly and polite. Breakfast buffet was excellent. The gardens were lovely. Had a massage at the hotel spa and it was great - but you can find cheaper elsewhere. Actually the entire spa facility was really beautiful. I was only there 5 nights and I can see how the seafood caf茅s next to the hotel can get boring but they do offer more than just seafood and you can't beat the price. The shuttle to Kuta was very useful. Taxi in mid-afternoon from Kuta back to the hotel was under 100 000 (I forget exactly how much but CHEAP) . Actually, I remember thinking it would have been cheaper to have a taxi run it's meter rather than pre-pay at the airport so it must have been under 50 000. Anyway, I paid what I believe to be a very good rate through Asiarooms and I thought this hotel was great value for money. When other reviewers say they want the rooms updated, what do they want? A room like the Intercontinental where you could be in any hotel in any major city in the world? Not my taste. The entire facility is very Indonesian and on a trip to Bali, that's what I'm looking for.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>gurnman
<Content>not worth the money I stayed in four different hotels in the South Bali area over the course of three weeks and this hotel was the least amount of value for the money. It isn't that Keraton is terrible but that the quality for the amount paid does not compare to other hotels and resorts where you get far more quality for the price. Consider other locations. The grounds are nice and it is one of the few places in Jimbaran on the beach. But, the rooms are really dark, stark and unattractive and appear to need remodeling. My air conditioner barely worked and that was after being moved from a room in which it did not work at all. Though the staff at the entrance to the hotel are great, the restaurant help was terrible and I had to beg to get service. Again, if the price were half what I paid, that might change my review, but for the money paid, there are far better places to stay.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	4	2	2	

<Author>A.Stefano
<Content>nice from the outside very bad inside I've been in Keraton for one night at the end of my great vacation in Indonesia. The hotel is not bad from the outside, it's very typical, but inside is very old and dark. The room, even if it was big, it was empty, even the fridge was left on the floor without forniture around. The bathroom was small, dirty and very old. The room had only a very small window.People were polite but not very well organised and we had to wait for 35 minutes to get a taxi to go to Kuta, while outside all other hotels there is a line of taxis.I would never go back there again.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>miss_gonewest
<Content>Great location        The hotel Pool  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Frutsch
<Content>Good Just got back from Bali. Overall the Hotel is OK, but there are several things, that could be better. Our room was very dark, only one small window. The Bathroom could afford some renovation. The sea and the beach did look like a dump. OK, the hotel is not responsible for the litter in the sea, but they could clean the beach earlier and on a regular basis. If you walk the beach to the 4 Seasons Hotel, the beach is cleaned properly from the Hotels. Due to the litter, it was not possible to got into the sea. The staff is very friendly. Overall I think, that Bali has a big problem, as there are too less tourists there. If you do not like to get hasseld, avoid shopping in Kuta! It is not possible to got 3 meters without getting hasseld to come to a shop.What I can recommend, is to take a driver ---. We had Deans Co-Driver Butu which took us through Bali for one day.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Les Breen
<Content>keraton hotel Myself and my partner have recently spent five nights at the Keraton Hotel at Jimbaran Bay in Bali. We found that the hotel was a great place to stay,good value for money, and the staff were extremely friendly. Our room was great, roomy without being overly big. The only complaint we had was that there was only a doona and no light sheets to sleep under ,we had to turn the aircon down very low and then use the doona . One tip avoid the steak nite as the steak is not good quality. There are several seafood restruants about 100 metres along the beach, excellent value for both luch and dinner . Highly recommend this hotel Les Perth Aust  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jaggery
<Content>Beautiful and tranquil We stayed at The Keraton and had a wonderful time there . The reception is absolutly stunning and is designed to look like a Balinese palace with guilded and carved wooden decoration. The accomadation is made up of a number of 2 storied buildings each wirh its own private balcony. The rooms are large with AC and well set out bathrooms and all beautifully finished and decorated. To get to the beach you walk through neat gardens past the swimming pools and out to the perfect crecent of Jimbaran bay. The sand is soft and golden and the beach slopes to the sea which is shallow of the first 50 yards so that you can just bob around in the warm water . There are a number of beach side resturants serving ice cold drinks and snacks to keep you going during the day. Being west facing you get to see some wonderful sunsets. The breakfast is buffet style and caters for just about all tastes from fresh fruit,pasteries, Indonesian dishes and even the full English. This will set you up for the day and the tranquil surroundings are a perfect place to relax the time away in. We would highly recommend the Keraton as it is safe, beautifully maintained,has helpful staff and very high standards of serviceand accomadation.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mdm
<Content>Quite nice Just come back from staying at the The Keraton in Jimbaran Bay. Not a bad place to stay, arrived and found we had twin beds in our room and I had booked a double. We arrived late at night and the next morning they apologized and upgraded us, so couldn't complain about that. Rooms were large but not much in them, but nice and clean. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. The Hotel is in true Balinese style which I liked and if it had been anywhere else is would have been really lovely but I suppose it's because it's situated between 3 beautiful 5 star hotels it looks a bit poor in comparison. It's definetly the poor relation in Jimbaran Bay but still acceptable. We got a great deal on the internet so can't complain about that, and if I wanted a cheap holiday again I would definetly stay there, but if I had some spare cash I would like to go up market to the next door neighbour the Puri Bali. Jimbaran Bay is beautiful and definetly a place to stay, away from the hustle and bustle of Kuta. Great relaxing holiday!!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absoultely fantastic holiday This was an amazing holiday, not just for the hotel, but for the people as well. The service was fantastic, welcoming and helpful, and the grounds were gorgeous - frangipani flowers everywhere, gorgeous Balinese buildings - and sun, sand and sea!!!Jimbaran Bay is a gorgous place and well worth a visit.A note of warning - if you are not a good swimmer, be careful, the waves are pretty strong, - but there are lifeguards there and lots of people around. And it's pretty shallow for a long time, so just take it easy and think about what you're doing..  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely impressed.... Beautiful! This hotel has direct access onto the beach. Was very Balinese, with it's wonderful wooden carved decor, perfectly manicure gardens, water features and farangipani trees. It was very clean and the staff were so friendly and happy and couldn't do enough for you. Rooms were tasteful, and nice and big with veradas. The lobby was extremely impressive with high ornate carved ceilings, typically Balinese style. Such good value for money and would definitely go back there again.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>agki
<Content>Dommage pour le service   showReview(21181213, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	1	1	3	

<Author>yoyito3579
<Content>Tr猫s belle h么tel magnifique plage   showReview(21060865, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>tallieparis
<Content>petit hotel de charme aux senteurs inoubliables       la plage de l'hotel  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sch枚ner Urlaub   showReview(22949007, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Asia_Smile
<Content>Paradies auf Abstieg ?   showReview(8378364, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	5	2	

<Author>remsb
<Content>Empfehlenswert   showReview(7484282, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

