<Author>puilam
<Content>Christmas Day at the W French Quarter We were a little worried after reading the negative reviews but have to say we had a GREAT experience.This is our second time in NO and first time at a W Hotel. As mentioned in previous reviews, this hotel has a boutique feel in the heart of the French Quarter. We didn't have any issues with staff - they were all friendly and laid back. If you can get a room or suite during non-peak times it's worth it.We traveled with our 4-year old son who loved the pool and lounge area. By day the hotel is family friendly, by night the hipsters come out and start their drinking in the courtyard. The pool is bathtub warm with lots of fluffy towels and robes nearby. We had a corner room on the 4th floor facing the streets - thankfully, my hubby and son can sleep through anything so street noise and drunken revelers didn't bother them, but if you're a light sleeper bring earplugs as the noise lasts through the night. You can look out the french windows and watch the world go by (we witnessed a woman on a corner screaming/fighting with her boyfriend, then manhandled and thrown into a fast moving car, the car then sped off after making a squealing 5-point turn! lots of drama in the Quarter!)We loved how we were a few steps away from very good breakfast (Fleur de Lis cafe), and a few blocks away from nearly everything else of interest in the French Quarter.The room and hotel - the good:-big, luxurious bathrooms with nice amenities and robes (though robes were made of polyester)-very comfortable bed-although the room is not very big, there was just enough space for the 3 of us-beautifully lit courtyard at night- perfect for an evening drink or tea-complimentary coffee in the mornings-complimentary drop-off with their in-house Acura (took us to the local Budget car rental place)The bad:-mysterious stains on the carpet, duvet cover, and hallway carpets-the $14.95/day fee for wi-fi access-small desk area taken over by the big flat-screen TV, DVD player, and lamp-not enough storage space for our luggage and clothes (there was a small wardrobe, ie. no closet in room 420)-if you care about in-room coffee makers, there are none here-an inefficient toilet that took ages to flushConclusion and tips:For those who can't normally afford staying in a W in NYC, Chicago, etc. do splurge in New Orleans - it's a lot cheaper and worth a try.We considered the larger W Hotel just west of Canal street but were happy to be in the more intimate setting of the Quarter. Try a lunch at Jager Bistro on Conti St. (4-5 blocks north of hotel). They serve great little German lunches and the BEST coffee concoctions anywhere in the Quarter. And if you like wheat beer this is the only place to find it close by.Have fun!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>CFNOBIS
<Content>WOW I am amazed at the recent poor reviews of this hotel. I have the opposite opinion of this place. I guess it depends on what you are looking for. This W is a boutique hotel, small and intimate. If you want the hustle and bustle of a hotel with poor service stay at the other W. See my previous review of that property. Upon arrival after our week long cruise we were greeted by Troy, the bellman who came to the curb and loaded our bags onto a cart. He was very friendly and helpful and directed us to the lobby. We were greeted at the front desk by another friendly face, however, I do not remember his name. He advised us they have upgraded us to a nicer room as I am an SPG gold member but the room was not ready yet. It was about 11:00 am, so I did not expect the room to be ready. He did have another room available but recommended we wait for the one they selected for us since it was a better room. We decided to wait for the room and he indicated he would call us when it was ready. We walked around the French Quarter and had lunch at a mexican place that made the food right n front of you. I can't remember the name but it was on Decatur. While having lunch we were called and told that our room was ready. The room was very large with it's own private balcony which included a patio set. The bathroom enormous and the room was very clean. This was one of the best rooms I have stayed at in a while. We spent three days there checking out New Orleans and the French Quarter. Spend the money and take a carriage ride through the Quarter. If you share one, it will be cheaper. Every time we returned to the hotel, Troy remembered us and asked if there was anything we needed to just ask him. He was great. There are plenty of places to eat here. We did not try Bocca, at the hotel, as the food was not our kind of food. There is a great breakfast place right across the street much cheaper than the room service breakfast the hotel offers,. On our last night, we went to Dickie Brennan's steakhouse. I have eaten at a lot of steakhouses in my time and this was by far my favorite, It is rated one of the top ten in the US and i believe it. A must try!! We really enjoyed our stay here and if we return it will be to this W. The service was 100% better and more personal than our say at the other W.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PHXroadwarrior
<Content>W definitely not a "Wow" here! I have been fortunate enough to stay at most of the W Hotels around the world and love this brand, its hip attitude, the great service and generally amazing facilities. Unquestionably, this was the most disappointing W experience of all, and it perplexes me why this hotel is even worthy of the W name. It lacks most everything that makes a W a W. For starters, after getting out of my cab and dragging my bags up a few steps, I walked into the hotel's lobby, which is about the size of an average living room. I was greeted by a friendly and helpful front desk clerk named Nicholas. My room was teeny-tiny and lacked a desk, but did overlook the rather charming (and always completely lifeless) courtyard and pool area. It did have a giant bathroom, but oddly enough no desk, which I figured was a standard-issue item in any hotel these days. After a phone call downstairs, I was relocated to a different, slightly bigger room overlooking the street in front of the hotel.This room was a little bigger, but still really small by most standards, and had a tiny bathroom with hardly enough counter space to sit down a toothbrush and stick of deodorant. The shower was really gross and grungy, with the track along the bottom of the glass having a disgusting huge amount of crusty buildup, soap scum, etc. ICK! The bed was not much better, with the brown ultrasuede sham on the bed having unidentified crusty stains from a previous occupant, And, the headboard was so dusty I could have written my name on it. The other reviewers that talked about the cleanliness of this hotel were so right. My take on it is that the hotel is a few years past its need for some renovation and the staff needs a housekeeping manager with a new pair of eyeglasses.Overlooking the street seemed charming at first until I discovered that the single pane window did little to shut out street noise. I found myself checking every time a garbage truck, drunken reveler, or car blaring rap music came by to see if I accidentally left the window open...at 3 AM of course.The hotel has no 24 hour room service (the onsite restaurant closes at 9 PM and is decidedly stiff and unhip and a dress code that does not appreciate the W's target demographic), no bar area, no jacuzzi, no dedicated concierge (and the couple times I asked front desk staff for any help or restaurant recommendations they were CLUELESS after a rousted them from hiding in their little room behind the front desk), and is really very small. If the rooms and facilities were a little more fresh and special it might make up for these shortcomings. It's obvious that this is an old hotel that was renovated into a W, and all the shortcomings of an old property came with it.By comparison, I visited the other W (called the W New Orleans) a few blocks away to see a colleague, and it was EXACTLY what you'd expect from a W...a busy lobby bar, new spacious rooms, workout facility, etc. No question about it, if you're looking for a W experience you should NOT stay at the W French Quarter but instead go a few blocks away to the W New Orleans instead.W had the chance here to blend W-style charm and style with a French Quarter experience, and what they delivered instead is far short of what was possible. W stands for What a disappointment in this case.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ordcub
<Content>Stay Away!!! This was my SECOND bad experience at this hotel. I share some of the blame for my deep dissappointment at this hotel. for being foolish enough to book a second stay. During this stay, housekeeping failed to clean my room for two CONSECUTIVE DAYS. Although generally the room was cleaner than my previous stay (there were no stains on the carpet or ceilings and there was hot water this time), there was an outdoor stereo speaker right below my balcony that blasted trendy dance tunes everynight until 10pm. The final insult: I was charged $32.24 for the Manager's welcome gift of a bottle of cheap red wine (with an attached card of course) that had a twist off cap.When I contacted Starwood Preferred Guest relations, I was assured that I would be compensated and contacted later the same day with a resolution to my concerns about being billed for the gift. Needless to say, I never received that call. I think it's time to put an end to my support of Starwood Hotels.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>LondonHoratio
<Content>Best option in the quarter This really is a great little spot in the best bit of the French Quarter. A lot of New Orleans hotels cater to the huge convention trade and are as a result a little dull and soulless. Not so the W. Located in a traditional French Quarter building, It manages to be modern and funky whilst retaining some old school deep south charm.The courtyard is cute, with a great little pool and there is a decent on site restaurant. All the best stuff in the Quarter is a short walk from here (make sure you try the breakfast at Brennan's - simply fabulous) and, importantly for this city, it is a safe area.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>laundrygal
<Content>Nice stay, not what I was expecting We stayed at the W French Quarter for two nights prior to a cruise out of the New Orleans port. We have stayed at Westins and W's before in other cities. This W had plenty of boutique-y feel but was just a little worn around the edges. The staff was friendly, particularly the valet staff and we had no problems checking in. The room, which looked into the courtyard, was spacious with a large flat-screen TV, a mini-bar, a very comfortable bed and some other furniture. Everything was spic and span but some of the handles were loose on doors (door to the bathroom, door to the shower).The spa products placed in the room (the complimentary ones, not the minibar items) were very nice and beyond what you normally see in more moderately priced hotels. The room was pretty quiet, although my boyfriend reported that he was awakened during the night and could hear someone throwing up in another room, which wasn't terribly appetizing. The hotel is in the heart of the French Quarter just a block from Bourbon Street, so unfortunately it is not always going to be silent. We were there during cooler winter weather close to a family holiday, which should be kept in mind if you are planning to visit during Mardi Gras, etc, the noise level could certainly go up.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>singtx
<Content>Nice W! The W is the W. We were greeted by Malik (valet), who was professional and nice. He gave us some drink coupons which we were very appreciative of. While the front desk staff got the job done, they could have been more customer service oriented. I never understand why people work in this area but dont have the skills for it? Room and shower were small. Again, mold in the shower, I took pictures to upload but must have deleted them. Bartenders are good and attentive (even when busy). Location is awesome! Walking distance to EVERYTHING. The courtyard at the W is well done with cabana and open seating. I would return, but complain and not accept a shower with mold!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>Danify
<Content>Different For A W Hotel Well being big fans of W Hotels our first trip to New Oleans we chose to stay right where the action is. The Location is perfect, just a block away from Bourbon St. It was very a very old building which is what we expected but we really felt the rooms were not up to W standards. The front desk service was not overly friendly and the Valet parking took 15 minutes to find a very uninterested Valet attendant. The best part of the Hotel wes the courtyard. It was really cool done up with cabanas and a small but really nice pool. We got up in the morning to sit in the courtyard on a very beautiful Hot morning and there was no way we could even get a coffee. They said down the road you can get a coffee. Whatever? I went to get coffee and really loved hanging around the courtyard. We ate at some awsome little places we found on this amazing website [--],I have used this before and has never done me wrong. Its a non biast website for food and entertainment all over the U.S. Over all the W was just OK. And New Orleans was in very rough shape after all the strom damage, but really fun for great music ,food,and of course the odd drink. The reason I say this W was different is the fact it did not have the up beat atmosphere most W Hotels have. It was quiet ,dull and rooms were boring.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>dergondarkhelm
<Content>Great Location , Pretty good small hotel Just got back from two nights at the W- French Quarter this weekend.Pros: Room was large with big bi-fold shuttered windows that opened to the the lower courtyard. Big 50 inch plasma. Service was prompt and polite. The Courtyard is a great place to gather for some nice coktails beofre heading out out into the French Quarter.Cons:This is a small hotel. The main lobby is probably only 20x15 feet and gets crowded if more than 2 parties are trying to check in. There is no spa or fitness center, but that's not why I was staying in the French Quarter anyway. ;) . The only real public space is the outdoor courtyard. Limited parking at something like $35 a day. (But I didn't have a car)It is a couple blocks off of Bourbon street, so even being in the Quarter I did not find it loud or disturbing.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SimonBow
<Content>Good for people looking to party!       Pool scene at the W French Quarter  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>MeAMeandering
<Content>Chic, Friendly Vibe- Loved it!       View of lower courtyard  pool from stairs  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mamarayna
<Content>Chic Hotel with Attentive Staff! My husband and I, as well as several other couples, stayed at the W last week. Our hotel experience was awesome! For starters, we were taken to the Welcome room (reception desk area) where the walls are covered in deep red velvet. There is also soft plush couches for kicking back , a flat screen tv, and large windows that look out onto Chartres. The welcome area immediately sets the tone of the W as being a place that offers a classy club lounge feel. The front desk staff warmly greeted us and gave us the low down on all the events going on in the city as well as a schedule of the voodoo fest. Although we arrived early, our room was ready- - - so we were immediately escorted up to the third floor, which overlooks Conti St. The room was a little small but the large bathroom, flat screen tv, walk-in shower, and great amenities such as his/her robes, ipod docking station, and Bliss Spa products more than make up for it. The snack bar and refigerator are stocked full of wine and beverages too. The bed was soooo comfortable. I think it was a down pillow top mattress. I'm really not sure but whatever it was - - -it felt as though I was sleeping on clouds (all those hurricanes could have also had something to do with it. :) Anyway, the rooms overlook either the street or the W's swanky courtyard area, which boasts private style gazebos and quaint sitting areas great for lounging or socializing with friends. This is also where folks gather during the W's happy hour for specialty drinks or free little wine spritzers. Make sure if you value your sleep, get a room that faces the courtyard. Remember, you are in the French Quarters and it can get quite rowdy at night. To wrap things up - - -one of the W's mottos is whatever you want whenever you want and the staff was always eager to deliver this type of service to their guests. I wish all hotel staff could be so attentive! Kudos to Malik and the rest of the staff for making our trip memorable!!!! When we go back to NOLA, we are definitely staying at the W.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dawnblaney
<Content>They Really mean Whatever Whenever....AWESOME!! This hotel was more than we expected! Rather than re-writing I will simply share the email I sent to them:My Husband and I stayed with you From October 8th-12th for our wedding. We also had approx. 20 guests at your hotel as well. We were absolutely blown away by the service and your staff. Each and everyone of them went out of their way to help us with anything and everything. They truly brought to life you motto of whatever, whenever. Malik was terrific from start to finish he really felt like a friend by the time we left. We promised him pictures of the wedding so we will send a few to the hotel when we get them. From the welcome Champagne, to the help with the bags and car, the room service cleaning, to the smiles and copies at the front desk. Every interaction with your staff was a pleasant one. Not to mention wonderful Stacy giving us the Acura to drive me to the church and rehearsal. Wow I really could go on and on about how everyone went out of their way to make us feel special. I can assure you when ever we come to New Orleans the W will be our only choice. We will also recommend to everyone we know. Oh and lastly our guests all had similar experiences and loved their stay. So from the bottom of our hearts THANK YOU to all of your staff for helping make the memories of our wedding beautiful.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>quarfark
<Content>The best hotel in new orleans I went for a 5 day trip with my girlfriends to new orleans (We are all 28 or 29 years old). Our first hotel was the W in the french quater, which was AMAZING. We were treated like royalty as soon as we got there. From the free shuttle that takes you wherever you want to go, to the drinks poolside, everything was perfect! The staff treated us so well, Malik and Troy were great!! The pool was definitely the best part, with beautiful cabanas, drinks and a movie at night (not to mention the cute boys). We later stayed at Le Pavilion, which we found stuffy and boring in comparision. I highly, highly recommend the W. We had such a great time, we didn't want to leave!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>news222
<Content>Shag-a-delic good time at the W French Qtr Just returned today from a stay in NOLA at the charming W-FQ. The hotel is on Chartres Street and is conveniently located two blocks from Bourbon Street, two blocks from the riverfront, three blocks from Canal Street (and Harrahs), and 4 blocks from Jackson Square. We recommend walking to one of the nearby markets after check-in and stocking up on your own snacks and beverages. There is a mini-bar and fridge in the room, but why pay their prices? All of the little stores sell beer, wine and liquor, even the Walgreens nearby. You are more than welcome to bring your own beverages to sip in the courtyard or poolside. The ever-accomodating staff will happily keep your ice bucket full while you relax. There is regular bar service outside during the day also.W Hotels all have a young, contemporary shag-a-delic vibe to them, so if funky design that sometimes takes priority over practicality bothers you, don't stay at any W. But if you enjoy the novelty of it all and their attention to somewhat non-traditional details, you'll love it. This W is a renovated, traditional french quarter series of interconnected buildings which surround a huge and beautiful courtyard, complete with fountain, cabanas, soothing lighting, and pool. If you've never been to NOLA, pools are not a given at all hotels, nor is a courtyard, and this outdoor living area is large by most standards. We had standard hotel rooms on the 4th floor facing Chartres and we were surprised by how large the rooms were, because most rooms and especially bathrooms tend to be quite small due to traditional french quarter architecture. The bathrooms were actually quite large even by normal hotel standards, everything was clean and maintained (not perfect, but clean), and the beds are always heavenly. They do have onsite enclosed parking (for a fee, and parking is never cheap in NOLA) but we didn't use it. We booked online at SPG.com and did the prepaid rates which were around $170/night.We found all the staff to be friendly and the vast majority of them went out of their way to welcoming and accomodating. I've stayed at the Omni Royal Orleans and the Le Richileu in the past when visiting NOLA. While I'd return to anyone of them, the W was the perfect choice for our small group of thirty-something ladies. Most of us had stayed at 1 or more different W's in the past and we found this one to be the perfect blend of funky fresh W and New Orleans historic charm. Please note there are quieter places to stay, but this is to be expected in certain areas of the Quarter on a busy weekend. Being 2 blocks from a busy stretch of Bourbon and not far from busy Canal Street, this hotel is in one of those areas. It was quiet on Thursday and not bad Friday, but Saturday was pretty noisy from 11pm-4am (sirens, music, crowd noise, foot traffic). Being 2 blocks from a busy stretch of Bourbon and not far from busy Canal Street, this hotel is in one of those areas. They have an onsite restaurant Bacco by Brennan's which provided a wonderful poolside lunch one day, and handles all the hotel's room service. We frequented La Bouriche cafe across the street for coffee and breakfast. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again if visiting New Orleans, and I also recommend the review by NolaHal posted Sept 5th for additional good info on the W.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Cruze-lover
<Content>Great Location - ok W Booked this hotel for a birthday celebration in the Quarter. The location of this W is great, close to Bourbon and also close to Canal Street for shopping, casino, etc.As for the W, all and all not bad, but not the best by a long shot. The lobby is very small and hard to find. We had actually arrived a day before our check-in (a mistake by my other half), they found us a room, but I can't say the lobby staff was friendly. All the suites (which we had booked) were full that night, odd since Hurricane Ike was coming.The first room was standard. It was musty, but nice beds and bathroom. It was very windy (due to Ike) and we had to put a washcloth in the window frame to keep it from banging. The shower is a poor design. You open the door, then lean in to turn on the water, you then get hit by cold, then scalding water because you are in the stream of water to adjust.We moved the next day to a suite as booked. The desk was supposed to call when it was available (we were told that Starwood Members in suites could check out as late as 4pm), but they never did. We inquired and the room was available. We moved everything ourselves and went to the suite. It was large, but still musty. It was also handicapped, so the shower was a big open area so you had to put towels over the floor to mop up the water while showering. There was a private outdoor area, but it wasn't very clean or inviting. Housekeeping was spotty. We had friends coming over to have drinks before dinner and the room was cleaned until after 5pm! The day we were to check out, they were knocking on the door at 8am (even with do-not-disturb) and asked every time we were out in the hall.I will say that the concierge made last minute reservations for 14 at the Gumbo Shop - that was perfect. The valet was very nice as well, helpful with bags and taxis. Upon check-out, we needed to break a $50 bill for tips, etc. We were told at the front desk that they didnt have change....New Orleans was wonderful as always and the weather was pretty good given Ike, but this overall hotel experience was fair.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>NolaHal
<Content>Outstanding French Quarter hotel Because of unusual circumstances, I stayed at the W French Quarter on two back-to-back August Saturday nights, one during a Saints game, the other during a tropical storm. The fact that the hotel was both soothing and fun under both circumstances is itself outstanding. It's all in the design and the location. Goodness knows, I never felt pampered. In fact, both times I stood at the counter--alone, but for the beta fish--waiting too long for an attendant. There's no bell, just lots of velvet. However, it's adjacent to the hotel's noisy, elegant restaurant, and I knew that whoever was running the show there, would soon produce an employee to help me with my room here, and voila, a cheerful clerk appeared to check me in or check me out. Like other French Quarter hotels--the Maison Dupuis comes to mind--the W is composed of several older buildings retrofitted for its purpose. If you want a traditional hotel room, rectangular and with perhaps a terrace, they're in the building facing Chartres. On my other night, the room was somehow in the back, in what was maybe servants quarters, and was small with uneven, carpeted floors. Romantic for a couple, creepy and fussy for a business traveller. The hotel is surrounded by restaurants and night clubs, and is a short walk to Saks. The gym is a healthy walk away at their sister hotel, the W New Orleans, but it's by far one of the largest and best furnished hotel fitness rooms I've encountered. I can't help you with their brand identity: it doesn't have the golly gee of the Chicago W's room design--I can see Lake Michigan from a secret window in my shower!-- and certainly doesn't have the quirky dorm rooms of the W San Diego. It's just a very good hotel.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>BK_Travel_Virginia
<Content>Nice Weekend Getaway We stayed at the hotel the weekend of Aug 23-25 with some friends for a little weekend getaway and found the hotel to be very nice. They could improve in a few areas, but overall it was a good place to stay. The staff was mostly friendly, only issue was the front desk, the don't really watch to door nor do they have a bell or anything so you have to yell to get there attention when checking in. Rooms were clean, although on the second night we stayed the forgot to give us new wash cloths and also charged us for a soda from the mini-bar that we did not drink. The courtyard was very nice, but they kept the music a bit to loud and a bit to late. I guess in New Orleans 10pm isn't to late, I think 9pm would be a more appropriate time to turn it off, our room overlooking the courtyard we could hear the music even with the windows and curtains shut. We did not swim in the pool, it looked nice, although it was pretty small.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>dcmtnbiker
<Content>Great Property and Location I spent Labor Day weekend at the W and loved it. Great staff, very nice room and property. We had to leave early due to Hurricane Gustav and the staff and management were very helpful. I would highly suggest the hotel and plan on staying here again.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>traveler213
<Content>Great Stay at a True Boutique Property While in New Orleans on business, I chose the W French Quarter for its location and the fact that i got a great rate...$169 for a package that included welcome cocktails and breakfast.I read some reviews on the hotel service level before staying, but I found the staff to be welcoming, friendly, competent and eager to please. From the check-in agent to the bellmen to the housekeeping staff, everyone was wonderful.We had dinner at the hotel's restaurant (Bocco?) one evening and it was fantastic. Great salads and the filet mignon was one of the best I've ever had.I was upgraded to the mega room...which the staff also referred to as a carriage house room...which was interesting because the room entrance is directly off the courtyard, so unless the door shutters are closed, you're on display to everyone enjoying the pool and cabanas...plus, there was a small courtyard off the back of the room with a private hot tub suitable for about 4-6 people...really nice room!Overall, I would highly recommend this property for both business and leisure travelers due to its proximity to the french quarter attractions (ie. Bourbon St. and Cafe du Monde) and businesses on Canal St.Will definitely be staying here again when I return to NO.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>orcbyte
<Content>Art-Noise Chic? Computer animated building art, comfy cabanas, a fire fountain, and pretty noisy. If there are people in the courtyard imbibing NOLA into the sloppy wee hours of the morning, you will be listening to them from your hotel room. Unless you are on the street side, which honestly might be quieter. But if said revelers decide to chat somewhere near the elevator, you will also hear them. And then you will hear the maids in the morning as they careen through the halls. At the W, life is a party and attendance is mandatory, by hotel design. Pray for an off night. But wait there's more! The ice machine and its constant conversation with the beaded curtain in front of it. The walls are clearly made of thin mints, but who cares, because the room looks good right? Above all one should not underestimate the bathroom privacy issue that everyone brings up. The door 鈥渟lides鈥?over the entrance like a rock in front of a cave. It does not close like a proper door. It is however slightly more private than a beaded curtain. Think of it like camping, only you can't walk a half mile away from where others may be sleeping to make your embarrassing noises. Not sexy. This refers to a standard room, which is pretty darn small too.That said, if you have enough pills and ear plugs to get some sleep, the location is great, the hotel looks good, the courtyard is a nice place to relax and have drinks. Service is hit or miss, the people that hustle for tips do indeed hustle. The front desk and its life forms are oh so stylishly incompetent.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	3	3	

<Author>travel_fiend_75
<Content>Great location - horrible service Great location in the French Quarter - but that's about all this poor excuse for a W has to offer.We booked our room using Starwood points - but the front desk had no idea about that and tried to charge me - even after I showed them my confirmation. On checkout, we still got a bill of over $800 - which took me an hour to get settled. What a waste of my time on vacation.Our room was average size -but had a musty/moldy odor and was damp the entire time. Our room also had an outdoor hot tub - which sounds great, until you find out that the water was freezing and the motor was broken - so essentially we had our own private dirty pond out back.We reserved the Acura - which Starwood promotes as a free perk to its guests - and told the hotel what time we were going and where. They confirmed the time - and even reconfirmed it the next day - however, when it was time to get the ride, the front desk told us  the restaurant was to far and then that they were too busy and then that the car needed to go into the shop. Too many excuses - we took a taxi and were late to dinner.Even getting ice was a problem - there was no ice machine, but it took three calls to the front desk to get ice delivered.Overall, the staff was rude, bordering on offensive. As a loyal Platinum Starwood Preferred Guest, it pains me to say this, but I would highly recommend NOT staying at this W.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Daffodilly
<Content>Excellent location The location is really good. The rooms are a bit small and the only real problem was a lack of hooks for towels in the bathroom. On arrival our keys did not work - nor did the next six sets. However the staff comped us some drinks so that helped - as did the keys that finally functioned. The courtyard is lovely but the music starts at 9:45 am - hangovers beware!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>pcp168
<Content>Wish we were there??? My family and I went on a cross-country road trip from Nevada to North Carolina. We stayed at several different hotels at different prices ranges and different themes and styles. We selected mainly based on convenience to the main attractions we were visiting.We selected this hotel because it was close to Bourbon street plus I love the atmosphere at W Hotels.... With this particular W Hotel we were unfortunately one of the sorry we're overbook guests. We actually booked directly through the starwoods website but they still gave our room away. I wasn't too upset because we ended up getting a great deal. I will be writing a review on our stay at the other W Hotel. Upon just looking at the parking and the lobby which was super tiny I would venture to say that this location is much smaller than the other one down the street. Although much more convenient to Bourbon street.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	-1	4	-1	3	2	-1	

<Author>ricmiclab1
<Content>Loved Our Stay We stayed for 4 nights in late July, 2008 using our Starwood points. One of four Starwood properties within walking distance of each other. Our first time staying at a W hotel. We enjoyed the small size of the hotel which was well proportioned. Our check in was smooth and quick. Our room was on the fifth floor facing the inner courtyard. The room was well layed out and comfortable. We absolutely loved the courtyard and thought it was a nice touch for some chill time at night before turning in. We did not use the pool so can't comment on that. I saw a few earlier postings about excessive noise both inside and outside the the hotel. We experienced none of that during our four nights there. The hotel is on Chartres Street and is conveniently located two blocks one way from Bourbon Street, two blocks the other way to the river and three blocks another direction to Canal Street (edge of French Quarter) where there are several convenience stores that we visited to stock up on supplies (drinks, snacks, etc.) instead of using the always overpriced mini bar in the room. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again if visiting New Orleans.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>YoungBizTraveler
<Content>Could have stayed at Ritz for same price!! This place is sub-par. Pool is little more than a large tub, rooms were not clean. The courtyard area is great, but the cushions were very dirty. For the amount of money, you can stay at the Ritz. I had friends there and it was FABULOUS!!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	1	2	4	2	

<Author>visitaustin
<Content>Pleasant, But Incompetent Service The hotel property is very pretty and conveniently located on Chartres Street, but the service is lacking. We had paid extra and booked a room with a balcony/patio, but were extremely disappointed when we discovered it was part of a shared patio and our view consisted entirely of a gray wall. (It felt like a prison.) Because the room also didn't have a room safe or a mini bar, we contacted the front desk and asked for a new room. Finally, after 3+ hours of waiting and promises of we'll have you moved soon, we got a room that had a nice window that overlooked Chartres. Unfortunately, the bed's feather pillows were so flat we telephoned the front desk two times to request foam pillows. We were told that they thought they were out of foam because other guests had requested additional ones (I guess the flat pillows were all over the hotel), but they would look for some and get back to us. (We're still waiting on that return call.) Luckily, they did get back to us when the shower handle fell off while water was pouring out full-speed. Arrrggg. At all times the staff was nice and pleasant, but they just didn't seem to have it together. Staff appeared very disjointed, not knowing what was going on. Case in point, during our four day stay, there was never anyone working at the front desk. We would go inside and wait and say hello, hello until someone would come from the back to assist.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>eastside27
<Content>Fantastic - loved the W The hotel is small, elegant  beautiful. The rooms were great -gorgeous bathroom - very chic. Amenities in the bathrooms are all bliss products, great bathrobes too. There is no lobby however, the outdoor space is divine. The pool is heated like a bathtub, open late with wonderful lounge chairs, small gazebos. The bar/restaraunt do not serve outdoors however we did go in and take out drinks and food. - very good location. Helpful staff - Near everything -  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MCarroll95
<Content>Best time in New Orleans ever !!! We stayed here with my parents in June and had a blast. This was our first trip to New Orleans with the children. We were a little apprehensive , to say the least. Upon arrival at the W all our apprehensions were whisked away. We received great service from the manager Michael upon arrival. My parents had a bad airline experience and Michael took it upon himself to make everything allright with a round of complimentary drinks. My 8 year old son, Tyler, was treated like a king by all of the staff , especially Malik. Malik made us feel like we owned the hotel and we were welcomed to the hotel every time we returned from a day of shopping and sightseeing. Employees like Malik and Michael are the reason that people return to the W. Before we stayed at the W there were thousands of hotels in New Orleans , and my wife and I prided ourselves on staying in a different spot everytime. We have stayed at approximately 15 different hotels in N.O. (we love this city) Now there is only one hotel for us and know that any time that we visit New Orleans in the future - we will be staying at the W on Chartres !  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>Joanna33t
<Content>LOVED this hotel! I absolutely loved this hotel. The staff was so nice and the grounds were beautiful. The location couldn't have been better if you're like us and truly enjoy the French Quarter. We took advantage of the Acura Experience promotion that they offer and hitched a ride to dinner in a beautiful Acura MDX (much nicer than a cab!). The one and only complaint is that they were having trouble with the key card system, so that was a little bit of a pain. I'd highly recommend this hotel for the grounds, the location and of course, the sonderful service from the staff.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>SPGloyal
<Content>Great weekend away This is a great W hotel. Normally I find the decor very cheesy, but it is done well here. It is in the French Quarter, a couple of blocks off Bourbon, but also close to the antique shopping on Royal, great restaurants like Mr. B's and Nola, as well as Jackson Square and Cafe DuMonde. My husband and I both lived in New Orleans at one point, and were a bit leery of staying the quarter, but this hotel has a great vibe, and was very convenient for our weekend plans. It really felt like a fun boutique hotel - not a national chain.Pros-Great French Quarter courtyard-Close to a lot of attractions-Clean, modern rooms-Attentive service-Our room had a nice balcony, perfect for a glass of wine in the eveningCons-Loud - but this is the French Quarter and it's to be expected-Parking was $32 a night, not bad for the Quarter, but if you really don't need a rental car, opt for a taxi  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ConundrumSC
<Content>Perfect Stay in New Orleans Perfect Location for New Orleans Long Weekend. Close enough to Royal Street for Shopping and far enough away from Bourbon Street. This Hotel has Location, Ambience and Service.Excellent! The W provided samples of sparkling wine in a can on Friday Afternoon inhte Courtyard. All Staff was friendly but not too friendly.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>swl1975
<Content>Stay somewhere else!!! Where do I begin? My wife and I booked this trip through the Starwood Preferred Guest reservation service. We stayed here May 12-16. When we arrived at the hotel to check in, I asked if we could upgrade to a larger room. Our Gold Starwood Preferred Guest Status calls for our automatic upgrade upon arrival but I make it a point to always ask - just in case. The girl at the desk said they didn't have anything available. Keep in mind that we arrived after Mardi Gras and the Jazz Festival -- there was nothing going on in New Orleans at this time and it was a Monday to boot!  When we got to the room we noticed that we did not recieve a King Bed as we requested; it was a Queen that they tried to pass off as a King -- We have a King Bed at home and know the difference. The room needed updating. The carpet was worn down, the furniture looked weathered and scratched and there were only two drawers (small ones) in the entire room to put away clothes! The room was also kind of dirty. There were stains on the carpet and on the walls and dust everywhere. The bellman told us that we could use the room refrigerator for our own use if we liked but would need to take out the refreshments that were already in there and put them back in when we departed if we didn't want to get charged for them. Upon inspection, the hotel provided refreshments had exceeded the expiration dates printed on the bottles! Why would they still be in there? Can you imagine how skunky the beer must be if guests take them out, let them get warm and then put them back in when they leave over and over again?  Room service was a disapointment. They brought it up on a tray with no chair as the room only had one and no table. I asked the waitress if we could have another chair and a rolling table as most hotel room service provides and she said they did not have any to provide. We had to eat in bed which proved to be quite uncomfortable. The food wasn't even that good. Room service had to be called again as they forgot the sugar for the coffee.Parking was another thing. Not until we checked out did we notice on our bill that they charge for parking -- alot! We got charged $32 plus tax per day for parking. For that kind of money I shouldn't have to go to the front desk everytime I pull in to ask for someone to come out and get my car which happened every night.The ambiance was strange. They tried to make the hotel a little too chic and trendy. The elevator was dark. I had to look real hard to find which button to press as the lighting was turned way too low. The hallways were lit the same way -- very wierd. The courtyard was a nice touch with a garden, fountain, pool and lounge chairs. The didn't keep the pool clean however, so my wife went in only 2 minutes after the only time she saw them clean it for a few minutes. The walls were also very thin so we heard every door on our floor close and we had a courtyard view so we heard all the conversations emanating from outside as well. The people of New Orleans were very friendly. If casino gambling is your thing, Harrah's is great. The dealers are super friendly and the food is decent -- John Besh's Steakhouse is a must try; very expensive but good service and the food is great. Lots to see around town, too. Bourbon Street is noisy at night even during the low season but lots to do in the way of barhopping, jazz clubs and restaurants and bistros. We had dinner at Tujagues one night. It is home to New Orleans' first stand-up bar and has been in business since 1856. I would not recommend this place. It cost over $100 for two with tax and tip and they had a set menu with only four choices of entrees. The food was so simple you could make the same thing at home -- not worth it! If you've rented a car you could see alot in New Orleans and the surrounding area. We drove around the areas that have still not come back from the devastation of Katrina. It's heartbreaking to see how large an area was actually affected firsthand and how hard these people are working to bring their neighborhoods back. I feel it's a testament to the fortitude of New Orleanians. We also crossed the Causeway from the City Park area to Mandeville. This crossing is a modern marvel! We traveled nearly 30 miles across Lake Pontchartrain on this causeway surrounded by nothing but water! A great ride.All in all it was a good trip in light of such shoddy service and accomodations at the W. We will go back again someday but we will never stay at The W New Orleans French Quarter again!  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Mexconnex
<Content>Modern hotel surrounded by history This hotel lets you get your fill of modern chic while in historic surroundings. The hotel has spacious rooms done in typical W decor. The best two things though are the hotels courtyard which is a blissful getaway from boubon streets lights and sounds. It is the perfect place to relax at days end. The second great thing is the location. Perfectly placed minutes from all the French Quarter's attractions. Walk to the water, see the cathedral and Jackson Square. It really is great.FYI the restaurant adjacent to the hotel has 10 cent martinis during lunch with purchase of an entree!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>theparma
<Content>Really pleased!       very clean, loved the robe!  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Edie27
<Content>Charming Boutique Hotel. Great Customer Service! The W Hotel in the French Quarter is a traditional boutique hotel.It is not the typical W hotel with all the amenities, but it is small and charming and in the heart of the French Quarter.The Courtyard is terrific with a great lounge atmosphere and perfect for happy hour, evening cocktails, and gathering with friends. The pool is really just for looks, kind of murky and VERY small. I think the W hotel downtown is probably better equipped if a nice pool is what you are looking for. We stayed in a Spectacular Room which is bigger than a Wonderful Room and features a balcony.I wouldn't spend the money on this room if you are not planning to be in your room much. The balconies are not the charming French wrought iron balconies that you see in the suites and the ones on the street side (Conti) can be noisy. Not noisy with Mardi Gras revelers, but the garbage truck etc. We got a fan and the white noise muffled that somewhat. We switched to a Mega Room when one became available and the room was well worth the wait. These are old carriage houses that open to the courtyard and are much bigger than the other room types. They include a separate private courtyard with a hot tub and are very charming, exactly what you would expect from the French Quarter. However, the price tag on these can be high, so I would recommend this room if the difference in price between the Spectacular Room and Mega Room was less than $200 per night and you plan to relax near the hotel that day.If there is a lot of courtyard activity, there is a chance that could be disruptive, but there is a lot of white noise with the fan which blocks that out well, too. There are only 4 of these rooms in the hotel, though, so if you go hoping for an upgrade as part of a rewards program, don't count on it.The hotel staff is great, very helpful and attentive, checked on us several times, arranged a taxi at 5:30 in the morning, very nice.The restaurant is AWESOME, rivals Emerils but without the dress code and wait list! GREAT food!!I would recommend this to anyone who can afford $400 for the Mega Room, wants to be in the Quarter, but not on Bourbon, and prefers a hotel's charm over standard amenities like a spa or 24 hour concierge.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	-1	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>UptownCalhoun
<Content>Wonderful!! The W French Quarter sets itself apart by its great staff. They really went out of their way to make our stay Wonderful. At every encounter they personalized their service. They even gave us a ride in the hotels Acura to Cafe du Monde.The physical property is exceptional. The courtyard offers a welcome buffer between you and the city. The pool area is small but very comfortable. Our room was typical of most W's, our view was of the courtyard.Typically I would not bring the kids to a W, but the French Quarter W is less niteclub esque. The kids loved the pool. Overall, this property is at the top of my list when traveling to New Orleans.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PerfectDevice
<Content>My Favorite FQ Hotel The W French Quarter is by far my favorite FQ hotel. I always splurge on one of the suites and i am never disappointed. The staff is amazing and they most certainly go above and beyond. I just adore the W's whatever/whenever service. This is the place my fiancee and i like to hit up when we just need to relax for the weekend.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Algood
<Content>Nice Place We stayed here for almost a week and enjoyed our stay very much. The staff were very helpful at any time of the day. We are coffee hogs and cannot function without coffee as soon as we get up so we requested a coffee maker in the room which was taken care of. They do, however, give out free coffee in the lobby.I wouldn't say the rooms are big - in fact, we found it a bit too crowded. But the beds were great. The pool, work out areas are wonderful. We liked this hotel because of the location. Everything is walking distance but still away from the traffic noise. We did find the walls to be thin since we can hear screaming kids in the hallway.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DesertWonder
<Content>Very nice - GREAT room I love this hotel. Stayed there for three days out of my six days in New Orleans and couldn't get over how large and spacious my room seemed! Great vibe to the room. Only minor complaint (and only thing that keeps the W from getting excellent) is noise. Heard hallway noise all night and street noise all day!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SirAR3
<Content>Perfect Location, Perfect Hotel A group of friends and I stayed here over Easter weekend, and we couldn't have been happier. We had debated staying at the W New Orleans, but were so happy we chose this location. The hotel is 2 blocks from Bourbon street - close enough that everything is within walking distance, but far enough away that there are no drunk screaming girls outside your window. The hotel itself was nice, clean and seemingly new. The courtyard is amazing. The perfect spot to lay by the pool and get some sun during the day. The staff was amazing and attentive. Anything we needed they arranged. I will only stay here every time I go to New Orleans in the future. If I had a complaint it would be to the parents with young kids that arrived later in our stay. Really parents? Kids? at a W? Come on now. But amazingly after being woken up by a screaming child, I called the Whatever, Whenever desk to see if there was anything they could do. Amazingly, within minutes the child was silent and I never heard a scream again. Now THAT is service.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>outtatown
<Content>Nice boutique hotel, great staff I recently stayed at the W New Orleans in the French Quarter, and it was a very pleasant. The hotel is not new and does not have that crisp look that many of us enjoy, but the room overlooking the beautiful courtyard was quite large by hotel room standards, and it was quiet. The bed was very comfortable, as were the pillows. Excellent location, and the staff was very attentive and helpful. Nice quality lotion and soaps in the bathroom. However, I did notice that the bathroom mirror could have been a bit cleaner, and on the second day, I thought the bed could have been made up a little better (Looked sloppy). But it was not enough to complain about. I would stay at this hotel again. I booked on their website, and they sent me alot of information before my arrival.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>coachdog1
<Content>Nice stay at the W French Quarter Spent 4 great nights at the W French Quarter over Easter. Found all the staff here to be very outgoing and willing to do what was needed to make the guest happy. Love the location and enjoy walking from the hotel to all there is to see and do in the quarter. Had a king room with a balcony. The room was nice, but could use a little touching up. Bed was very comfortable and the bedding was very nice. Room is a bit on the small side, but the balcony helped make it feel a little larger. Some of the furnishings could be replaced, but nothing so bad that we wanted to complain. Not much closet or drawer space, but since this was a short visit it wasn't an issue. Bathroom was huge and very clean. Great Bliss products in the bath and a large shower were nice. Plenty of counter space in the bath as well. Courtyard and pool area here are beautiful and well kept. It was a great place to relax, day or night. We did have to ask to have a coffee maker sent to the room, even though a card in the room stated that coffee and tea were available every morning in the livingroom or lobby. This didn't happen one morning while we were there. The staff apologized, but no offers of why it wasn't there. Great little cafe accross the street with good coffee and great breakfasts. All in all, it was a nice stay and we would return there. This isn't one of the best W's I've stayed in, but it wasn't the worst. It's more of a small boutique hotel.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>flab19
<Content>Charming Boutique I'm a Platinum member with Starwoods properties. I have stayed at numerous W Hotels in the world. The French Quarters W is not the best W I've stayed at in terms of luxury or the wow factor, but it does have one of the best atmosphere and charm. The W French Quarters is designed as a boutique hotel. If you are looking for a full service hotel that provides proper concierge service, spa services, and gym, this is not the hotel for you. However, if you are looking for a hotel for a romantic getaway or character, I would recommend this hotel to you! Pros:- Location: located in the French Quarter; close to many attractions and restaurants; close to the St. Charles streetcar; taxis readily available- Service: we were given free bottles of beer and a bottle of wine each of the night. The cleaning staff left plenty of Bliss products each night. - Atmosphere: romantic - Pool/terrace: great place to spend a late afternoon or early evening cocktail. The cabanas and lounge chairs remind me a lot of Miami. Great place to unwind. - Restaurant: did not try, but the restuarant was crowded each of the nights I was thereCons:- Hotel Rooms: a bit beaten down in terms of a stain on the floor and a few chipped paints in the corner of the bathroom. Nothing alarming. - Services: No spa service, full concierge (although front desk was quite helpful), or rooom service past 9:00 pm- Thin walls: I couldn't hear the TV from next door, but I could hear the people yelling.....As long as you come with the expectations that this is a boutique hotel, I believe you will be quite satisfied with your experience. PS: For a special meal, try Commander's Palace in the Garden District. Ask for them to show you the kitchen after your dinner.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>suzee401
<Content>W French Quarter Does NOT measure up Don't choose the W french quarter if you're going to be in NOLA. The management is horrible, the rooms are dirty and nothing is worth the price. I stayed here for mardi gras and it was the worst hotel experience I have had in a long time. It definitely does NOT measure up to W standards. I am a gold preferred guest and have stayed at a number of different W properties and was horrified at the shape this hotel is in. The courtyard was gorgeous, but it couldn't make up for the lack of service, the stained carpets, or the broken cupboards. Don't stay here - if you need a W - go to Poydras and stay at the W New Orleans.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	3	

<Author>BeeTraveler82
<Content>Great Hotel, so close to the Quarter       View to the Street from the hotel entrance  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Freebird2007
<Content>Not worth the cost, more miss than hit Stayed there after Christmas. Cute, small hotel BUT the room was worn (furniture peeling, rug torn, lampshades beat up), the hallway smelled like electrical fire (believe they were doing work on rooms down the hall, but...), the staff was sometimes helpful, sometimes not very much (front desk confused, and why would you leave the cushions on the sofas in the cute courtyard out in the rain so they'd remain wet and useless for days?). And maybe it's merely a personal preference, but be forewarned: the bathroom doors--big sliding doors--do NOT close all the way, so you never have privacy. Asked the maintenance guy to fix it (the door handle was falling off too), but he said all of the doors in the hotel were designed that way (i.e., leaving a gap of about 1-1/2 inches between the door and the wall so that you can wave to your roommates from the toilet even when the door is closed...hip or flat-out design failure? You choose.).  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>terravisum
<Content>Great location, can be noisy at times       lounge chair  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>RIguy_7
<Content>Good Value Needs Better Maintenance We recently stayed at the W Hotel in the French Quarter. Let me begin by saying overall it was a good experience. The staff was attentive and responsive. Unfortunately we encountered several problems during the stay which were mostly addressed but since we were there only for two nights they took away from the overall experience. First, we asked for a non smoking room and were assigned to one. Unfortunately, there was a smell of smoke in the ventilation system that was slightly worse each time the AC unit came on. Second, the toilet in the bathroom backed up. It was quickly addressed when we were out of the room, but nevertheless was an inconvenience. Third the electronic door lock malfunctioned nearly every time we left the room and we needed to have our key reset. Not a major issue and the front desk staff would reset the room cards, but it required that we go to the front office each time it happened. Fourth, our unit had a condenser for the AC in the ceiling near the entrance to the room and it was dripping slowly at first and proceeded to leak so badly that we needed to place a bucket under it. Once again it was fixed by the staff in a timely manner. Finally, there was an issue with the house keeping person who cared for the room because she did not completely restock the bathroom each day. With that said, I want to stress that overall the experience was a good one and that the staff were very responsive to our problems. I think the Hotel was a good value for the rate, centrally located just a short walk from the restaurants and shops in the French Quarter and had a nice quaint quality.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>KOinCT
<Content>Trendy hotel, ultimately a let down       Sloppy bedskirt  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	2	2	3	3	

<Author>ccgworldtraveler
<Content>Standards Have Gone Downhill since Katrina I have stayed at this hotel previously before the Katrina flooding in New Orleans. However, with the receding flood waters must have gone all sense of service quality. This most recent stay was a MAJOR let down. It all started with check in - as a Gold Preferred with Starwood who is about to be a platinum (in 2 more nights), i expected to be checked in right away to my room and to get the available room upgrade. I arrived at the hotel at 2pm. I was promptly told my room would not be ready until at leats 4pm, maybe later. And I was again told I would get an upgrade to a room with a patio - but i had actually reserved that class of room so there was really no upgrade. I called a manager into the discussion who promised me a room by 4pm - i had to call 3 times to the front desk and then finally visit it myself to get my room -- at 5pm! So as a frequent stay guest i was not given the courtesies you would expect of a loyal guest... makes me wonder if i will continue to be aloyal guest. But it got worse over the next two days. The loud drunken people in the room next door would have been fine -- if they were'nt making so much noise at 3:30am, two nights in a row, that i and other hotel guests kept calling security to do soemthign about it. The walls are paper thin, and the doors are not insulated either. So loud guests in the courtyard, hallways and rooms are easily heard and wake you up from your sleep. Dont stay here if you need rest before a conference. I will never stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>1	3	3	4	4	1	2	2	

<Author>SophieCalifornia
<Content>Lovely gem of a hotel in New Orleans's most fashionable district Overall, I've always thought that W hotels are overpriced, but I got a good rate for this lovely W and had a comfortable stay. I was in New Orleans for a rock concert at the House of Blues, which is just five minutes walk from the hotel. It was freezing cold outside, but sitting on one of the sofas in the hotel courtyard in front of a flame fountain was really pleasant and wireless internet is free in this area and around the swimming pool and in the reception lounge area. Hot chocolate with marshmallows and cinamon sticks was free to all guests in the reception area in the late afternoon. My room was stylish, quiet and very comfortable with Bliss toiletries. There is another sister hotel only walking distance away from this building, but I heard that this W was better and smaller than the other W New Orleans.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dome025
<Content>Cool W new orelans wonderful location for this property, close to bourbon street, french quarter, city center, mississipi river..everythingstaff very kind and helpfulmodern desing property, as it is a standard for w, in the middle of an old quarter...very nice stay in NO, just 4 days before katrina...Just the parking is a little bit expensive  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>WHopperNyc
<Content>Horrible Experience!!!! I'm a PLATINUM Starwood guests that frequents W Hotels around the world. Overall, I love W Hotels. However, this was by far my worst hotel experience ever. As a platinum guest, you're guaranteed the best room available no matter what class room you book. Prior to my arrival, I phoned the hotel to see what room I was in and they confirmed that it would be a sweet. I was very happy to hear that since it was a big football game in town. When I arrived at the hotel, I was told that my room was downgraded and the Hotel manager Christy Morgan even told me that I am not a Platinum guest! We argued over my status for about 10 minutes. Then I asked her who the person was that I spoke with on the phone and she refused to give me the woman's name. She had the audacity to tell me that this information is irrelevant! She truly treated me like a second class person as though I were a slave hand or something.I'm almost positive that her attitude towards me was also racially charged. But I won't even elaborate on that. I even had to check in to a room that wasn't even cleaned. There was a towel on the chair, an open bottle of water in the room and a stain on the sheets. Again, I love starwood hotels but NEVER again would I stay here. Please just find another hotel!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>milril44
<Content>Not a bad stay - positives and negatives Stayed for Thanksgiving weekend, visiting city and this hotel for the first time.Positives: Bliss spa products, nice decor in rooms and around hotel, huge bathroom, great shower pressure, nice courtyard area and cabanas by pool, safes in rooms, plenty of towels, free newspapers, helpful staff at front desk, good location within walking distance of everything in French Quarter, police station a block awayBoth negative and positive: a group of loud and drunken party goers were literally screaming and swearing for ten minutes or so in the courtyard area at 12:30am one night - I called the front desk and within literally 30 seconds, I hear security ushering them out.Negatives: LOUD music in courtyard for several hours a day (really unnecessary and can be clearly heard from courtyard adjacent rooms even with windows closed, making tv's hard to watch/hear), room a little dark, pool is small, no spa or gym facilities (this is the boutique hotel, the larger W with all amenities is a few blocks outside of the Quarter), not a lot of drawer space, safe must be accessed by crouching all the way to the floorI would probably stay here again, but the biggest obstacle for me would be the music piped over the speakers - that really annoyed me.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lmtb
<Content>Horrible stay and service We stayed at the W French Quarter while we were getting married in New Orleans. We, in addition the the majority of our wedding guests who stayed there, all had issues with the hotel.The service was awful and extremely slow. And watch out for billing. We all had discrepancies with our bill at check out. I have stayed at many W Hotels in several cities, but our stay here has actually made me not want to spend another night at any W.Room service took 1.5 hours no matter what you ordered. The techno music in the courtyard comes on in the morning at a very loud volume. If you are staying by the pool or courtyard its loud all day and into early evening. Our room was not even cleaned on our wedding night. We came back from our wedding to relax and walked into a dirty room. Our breakfast from the morning was still sitting there!Its was really awful and I would not recommend staying here. There are so many hotels in New Orleans. Spend your money elsewhere!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Homco
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel with great service despite broken room This Hotel is, as most W's are, gorgeous. We had a Large room with a balcony. I loved the open layout of the infamous W living room. When we arrived at our room we could not get in, after 15 minutes of maintenance fixing our door we got in. Not more than 10 minutes in our room and one of the maintenance personel had brought us a fruit and cheese plat as an apology for the inconvinence. Loved the room, would gladly stay again!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>sanantoniogirl
<Content>anything but a room facing the courtyard is unbearably Noisy We were given a room overlooking the street and it was unbearably, incredibly, loud. I realize this is the French Quarter, but I鈥檝e stayed at several hotels in the Quarter and it has never been that bad. The window was extremely flimsy for a room that faces a busy street, and in fact, the latch was half -broken and the window didn鈥檛 even close all the way. Even if the latch had not been broken, the window is too light for a busy street and doesn鈥檛 close properly. None of us slept more than an hour or two the entire night. The room was so loud that we could hear whole conversations on the street below 鈥?not to mention the cars, delivery trucks, music, etc. I asked to be switched to a room facing the courtyard or one of their other properties. The next night was much better 鈥?the room facing the courtyard was more what I had expected and it was very quiet. At least the staff was accomodating to the change I requested/demanded. They didn't make a fuss about it and just changed it. I would assume that they've heard this same complaint before.Bottom line: if you stay here, you must stay in a room facing the courtyard.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Gator39
<Content>The W is for Wonderful, but beware at checkout! Stayed at the W French Quarter with my wife and two other couples. We were in New Orleans for 4 nights to celebrate a 40th birthday. The rooms were nice, and the hotel was very clean. The rooms are small, but very cozy. The W location is perfect. A very short stroll to every thing, but a few blocks away from the mayhem of Bourbon St. Pool area was very small! There are maybe 8 chairs. The whole courtyard/pool area was gorgeous. Candle lit by night. It was a perfect place to enjoy a bottle of wine before or after dinner. Here were the negatives: Our in room safe didn't work, we had a few light bulbs out and our cordless phone in the room was not working. All little things that were fixed, but all things that could have been checked prior to check in. At check out, I found a charge for valet parking on my bill. We didn't have a car, so when I explained this to the clerk she said she would take care of it. Well 2 months later it has still not been taken care of. Additionally, I sent an email to the General Manager and did not even get a response! That said, the hotel was wonderful, just double check your bill!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>OrbExplorer
<Content>Great location but noisy Having stayed at many Ws, and specifically this one before, we were looking forward to our stay. At $500 per night, you definitely expect accommodations to be better than average. We drove from the airport and easily found the hotel garage. The hotel is in a stellar spot in the French Quarter. We parked ($32 per day which included a $3 surcharge for the SUV Avis gave us) and checked into our rooms. Retrieving your car is quick. Cabs are pretty easy to catch too. We were given a room on the 2nd floor with a small balcony. Our room overlooked a vacant looking building and seemed like a nice quiet location. Our other party got a room over the internal courtyard of the hotel. The courtyard is very comfortable with a small swimming pool and lounge chairs. There is also a larger patio with many oversized chairs to relax and have a drink if you so choose. After returning from dinner I wanted to watch the ALCS (baseball). The TV had little or no reception and I couldn't even access the services channel that is normally available.The beds were very comfortable as they are at all W/Westins. The bathroom was very large and had a nice big shower with great water pressure. We soon learned that insulation and tightly sealed windows were not much of a consideration in the construction. The noise inside and outside the hotel is pretty loud. I recognize that NO is a party town, but to hear the people in the streets, courtyard, hallway like they were standing next to you was disconcerting. Our other party was kept awake most of the night. We were kept awake some of it. When we inquired about a quieter room, we were advised that these were two of the quieter rooms. To try and deal with the problem, we were told that white noise generators were available. We requested one and were told it would arrive shortly. It took no less than 5 requests and multiple visits to the front desk to get the machine. Between denial that it existed and a lack of understanding about how to get it, it was pretty frustrating. With the Saints in town, we were concerned that we would have another loud night. Fortunately, rain slowed down the revelers and it was much quieter. It was also a Sunday night. All in all, we probably wouldn't stay at this hotel again. The main reason is the amount of noise. The staff was very friendly and accommodating (except for the misunderstanding about the generator) and even allowed us to store some frozen seafood in their freezer for 2 days. If you are there to party until all hours, this may be the place for you. If you are looking for some place peaceful, look elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>mrvandelay
<Content>Special, very comfortable hotel that I look forward to getting back to! I've been working with the recovery of NOLA for the past 20 months and have stayed at the W French Quarter (this is one of the few cities with more than one W Hotel) about 250 nights during that time. Obviously, I am very fond of this little hotel. I have the means to stay at any hotel in the city and consistently select this one. It may not be for everyone, but the mission of the W is to exude 'cool'...and it succeeds; from the understated decor of the hallways (I even love the hallways...always 'fresh' and the perfect temp) and rooms to the very polite staff to the beautiful little lobby to the awesome courtyard/pool area to the cool music and other special little touches. (There are times where the tasteful, comfortable courtyard/pool area is the place to be in the French Quarter, day or night, though it is never too crowded. Tip: Go to the cabanas upstairs in the courtyard in the evening and relax with a great view of the New Orleans skyline.)It seems like management and the staff do what they can to make everything special, unique, interesting...and cool. They are famous for their beds, for good reason; the absolutely most lush and comfortable sleep you'll ever find...hotel, home, wherever (my brother actually has purchased a set of their bedding). The glass enclosed walk-in showers are terrific, too. With less than 100 rooms, you almost feel like you are in an intimate apartment building, rather than a hotel.Last October, on Thursday nights they played a different 'horror' movie in the courtyard that was filmed in New Orleans. Great times...perfect weather under the stars with comfortable patio furniture surrounding the fountain with the fire, and eating wonderful Italian food from Bacco right there at the hotel that was delivered to our chases. (Though Bacco is good and run by the famous Brennan family, I would venture to other great restaurants in the FQ, including K-Paul's, Irene's, Cafe Giovanni, etc., etc.,...so many to choose from! If you will dine alone, I may suggest that you eat at the bar at Bacco.)This is a very good location: two blocks from Bourbon, two blocks from the Mississippi River, two blocks from the House of Blues, one block from the great restaurant K-Pauls. Parking is around $32, but it MAY be possible to find a legal spot on the street without a meter, but I wouldn't bet on it. If you're flying in, I'd do cabs, especially if you'll spend most of your time in the FQ.I hope you enjoy your trip wherever you end up in NOLA. By the way, if you want to get away from the FQ, I suggest the other W or the Renaisance Arts, a Marriott property, in the Warehouse District.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DCWP
<Content>Very Average Stay Nothing fancy here. The location was good if you want to see the French Quarter, but nothing about the property knocked my socks off. The bathroom was probably the highlight, but I would have been happier if they used some of the square footage in the living space instead. The room was adequately decorated, and the bed was reasonably comfortable, but I felt I could have had the same experience at any of the hotels at the same price point. Noise from the hotel's courtyard outside was bothersome. The entry system on the room's door was highly sensitive to the point that I had to return to the front desk to ask for replacement key cards, which didn't seem to help. Location is solid, but the hotel is just so-so.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>howboutit
<Content>My new favorite hotel in New Orleans I highly recommend the W French Quarter primarily for the wonderful atmosphere- very stylish, with fresh flowers everywhere. The room was small, but not too small, very clean and about the most comfortable hotel bed around. The staff was incredibly friendly and fun.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DaKine1
<Content>Awesome Place in the Quarter The hotel is very nice but one thing I noticed right away was the lack of a Living Room like most other W Hotels. They have a living room but it only consists of a check-in desk, sofa, table and a chair or two. Not really the standard people meeting-people watching Living Room with bar and cool tunes. The courtyard is great for relaxing and having a night cap. Not sure if they had a host delivering beverages? The courtyard at night is very nice with the lighted candles, lights and fire coming out of the fountain.The room is your standard W room. The only bad thing I found with the room was the armoir with t.v. inside was a little worn and the t.v. could be updated.The bathroom was nice and had the standard W towels and bath products. By the way, the Bliss products in your room cost $25 for the set if you buy them from the Bliss website. Hint, ask houskeeping for extras. I called for turndown and all towels were changed as well as the Bliss products.I was not too happy with the valet service. Upon checking in, the valet seemed like it was his first day on the job. I called to retrieve the car in the morning at least 10 mintutes prior to leaving my room and car was not ready. I actually believe the front desk staff left the desk and took nearly another 20 mintues before I received my car. It was early in the morning so that might have been unusal for them? The W French Corner is a great hotel and I plan to stay again. I just wished the hotel had more than one bar which is in the restaurant. The drinks are okay but I guess with plenty of other bars and restaurants near-by, it is not that much of a problem.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>pace327
<Content>Great courtyard Courtyard is beautiful - definitely the reason to stay here. Very comfortable outdoor seating, great ambiance, pool open late into the night (maybe even all night?).Water tasted terrible and was always warm. We had to buy bottled water all weekend. Our window faced the courtyard so we could always hear a little bit of music which was a bit annoying.The safe in our room wasn't working, and maintenance fixed it within about an hour  a half.Staff members were friendly. Fantastic location. The street the hotel is on is very quiet but it is 2 blocks from Bourbon St. and a few blocks from Jackson Square. Mattress is not actually a pillowtop. There is just some sort of fluffy mattress pad or something. It was comfortable, but it didn't always stay put...Overall, nice atmosphere, nice room, nice location...but perhaps not worth the price depending on what you're looking for. Claimed to have a pillow menu but both of the regular pills for sleeping were extremely soft/too fluffy for someone in our party.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jtaylorabq
<Content>Great Location...rooms were okay We stayed at the W for four nights in June for a conference. The hotel is located a couple streets off of Bourbon Street however it's very quiet. There's a beautifully landscaped courtyard with a small pool and unique seating areas; this area is beautiful at night with the lighting and fountain. We enjoyed sitting in the shade with a book one afternoon while listening to the soft techno music the W pipes in.The room was disappointing. It was fairly small and dark. The french doors opened into the courtyard and we had a patio with a table and chairs set. The bathroom was surprisingly large in relation to the size of the bedroom. It had a makeup table and was fully stocked with Bliss brand toiletries and comfy robes. Housekeeping came once a day to clean and once a day to turn down the bed. They did a good job with cleaning but the room itself seemed worn and ready for replacement carpet and furniture.The Bacco restaurant downstairs was very good for a light lunch. New Orleans has some of the most amazing restaurants! We visited several that I would highly recommend; Bayona, August, Cuvee, Commander's Palace, Emeril's, and Delmonico's. We didn't expect much from Emeril's because it's such a tourist draw but it really was delicious!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	3	3	5	

<Author>surfbug77
<Content>Nice hotel, good location I stayed at the W French Quarter with my girlfriends for a long weekend. The location of the property is nice, it's off the beaten path just enough that it's quieter than other locations. Close to K Paul's restaurant which was excellent and convenient for walking around the French Quarter and Bourbon St.The pool was closed on the day that we arrived and was not opened until 24 hours later. That was a bit of an inconvenience but we dealt with it. Customer service seems to be lacking. It didn't seem like there were enough employees to handle basic guest requests.The room was clean and comfortable. Our room faced the courtyard and it was quiet. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>emoryalum05
<Content>Luxury at its best!       Pool  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravellingNewlyweds
<Content>Amazing Experience at the W FQ Having lived in New Orleans some years back, my wife and I were asked to show our best friends (another couple) around the city since they had never been. We had looked at several places and let me tell you we're glad we chose The W FrenchQuarter.The moment you step onto the property you know you're not at just a regular hotel. The staff instantly parked our car and had our bags ready at the elevator. The check-in went very easy, as we waited in line they had refreshments in the lounge.We made sure to request rooms ahead of time that had balconies and received them. One night we laid out on the beds they have on the balconies and the light buzz of people and music was very relaxing.We've stayed at many hotels - The Hotel Des Bains in Venice, The Hotel Tagoo in Greece - The W was just as great. You wont be dissappointed.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Texasbart
<Content>Courtyard makes it special My wife and I stayed in NO for 5 nights. The first 3 we stayed in a cheaper hotel near the convention center, with the weekend at the W French Quarter.Positives:(1) We really enjoyed the W. The difference in quality is clear. The beds, linens, and towels were all much higher quality. (2) The room was a little small, but the bathroom was huge!(3) The courtyard was wonderful. Lots of shade, candle lit at night, very nice place to sit with a drink and relax. I was surprised at how well it captured the breeze. (4) Location was great. Easy walk through all of the Quarter and felt very safe.(5) Service was good. They booked tours, called cabs, and delt well with problems (see #1 below).Negatives:(1) No hot water one morning. It was fixed that day and they compensated by refunding 30% of our fee for the night. TIP - they only did this for people who paid through their site. Those who paid through Hotels.com or similar could not be compensated.(2) It really is noisy if you have a street-side room and I had to use the ear plugs.(3) There was a leak in the bathroom that was not fixed during my stay.I would have rated it a 5 if there was less noise. We loved the courtyard and quality of the room.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>amy417
<Content>Nice courtyard, small room, noisy if facing street       beautiful cabanas in courtyard  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>TheExecutive
<Content>whatevah, whenevah W lacking in service For the price of this place, ($400+ per night) I expected great service. Instead my fianc茅 and I had to port our own bags up to our room as no bellman was available. She had to stand outside with them to keep an eye on them while I checked in. My cleaning didn鈥檛 make it up to our room. I had to call the front desk to have it delivered.For the money there are much better places to stay in New Orleans.Next year, I鈥檒l pick a different hotel for attending Jazz Fest.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>mbricker
<Content>Average... This hotel is not your typical W, and that was a bit dissappointing for us. We kind of like the busyness of the hotel lobby in many W hotels, and this hotel's lobby was no bigger than a tiny bedroom. The call it the living room however, there will be no meet and greets here. It's too small. The hotels restaurant is overpriced and [--] (our package included free drinks and then we find out the bartender treated us like crap because we had coupons and also limited which drinks we could have). Rediculous. The staff was ok, but seemed to be comprised of high school students. The room was nice (as is typical in W hotels) and beds comfy, but not worth the money. It really isn't right on Bourbon as it sounds, it's actually several blocks away. The pool and patio area is the coolest part of the hotel, but I would save your money and shop around for other places before spending several hundred a night for this place. If you can get it at a bargain place, then I would say book it, as it does have some fun things about it and is in a good location.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>4	1	4	3	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Timmy485
<Content>Found a new favorite! I have been to New Orleans countless times but I had yet to stay in or even stop by the W. I booked my last night in town during the French Quarter Festival at the W to check it out. From the moment I came walking up with my bags I was treated like a guest should be treated. A man came and quickly took my bag then directed me to the lobby. I was checked in by another friendly staff member and shown to my room by the gentleman that had my bag. He explained the hotel to me and the layout of the place. He showed me some of the features to my room that included a dvd player and a gumball machine. Now the rooms are pretty small. The bathroom is quite large though. The bathroom probably has close to the same square footage as the bedroom. I got used to it quickly and it wasn't really an issue. The bed was one of the most comfortable I have ever slept in at a hotel. The courtyard of this place was the icing on the cake. It is one of the nicest courtyards in the quarter. Probably the best courtyard to relax in or have a drink. It is landscaped beautifully, with a heated pool, comfortable lounge chairs and house type music playing. The staff came and brought me new ice without me asking for it. The courtyard is even better at night the way it is lit with small lights and candles. I will definitely stay at this hotel again. Only problem is that it can be expensive. If you can get a decent rate it is definitely worth it.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Brasil_Argentina
<Content>Beautiful place, unattentive staff I booked a room at this hotel for my husband's surprise birthday weekend in New Orleans. It was our first time in the city and I was making all the plans for a perfect weekend. Well, the W is beautiful and located in the best place - far away from the chaos of Bourbon Street but close enough to everything that you can walk everywhere. However, the staff was very disappointing... Really, the W whatever, whenever promise here is more like whatever, whenever I can. It started with the concierge - which by the way, is the same person as the front desk - there is not separate concierge. I called a couple weeks in advance and asked for help with dinner reservations. She was friendly but I just had a feeling she was going to deliver. So, sure enough I called back the next day and she had forgotten or not even written down what I had asked for. During that same call, I asked for a bottle of champagne to be delivered to the room upon our arrival. When we got there (almost at midnight), the same person I had talked to on the phone, checked us and gave us some menus for places that delivered late night food (the didn't have a late night menu - the restaurant closed at 9pm!!!! It just didn't make sense for a W!). Anyway we called from the room and 2 of the places she had given us didn't answer. Plus there was no bottle of champagne. I called about the champagne and she said she had forgotten and there was no way of sending one up because the restaurant was closed. So we settled for a couple beers... To make things worse, our special weekend started at 6am with a big construction right outside our room (on a Saturday morning!!!!). We called for a room change but they didn't have anything avaialble. Around 8am they sent us some earplugs and promised to move us that night. We were moved and everything went well after that. They even sent a (much cheaper) bottle of sparkling wine for my husband with a happy b-day card. So that was nice. But when I get my credit card statement, they had charged me $75 for the bottle of Chandon that was never delivered the first night (even though it never showed up on the bill when we checked out) and of course, I still haven't received the 10,000 bonus Starwoods points for the issue with the construction for first night. Just a lot of follow-up and no help. What a shame for a W!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	2	1	-1	

<Author>managanm
<Content>Fun but loud, great location I stayed at the W - French Quarter one weekend this March. The weather was perfect, which made it easy to enjoy the outdoor lounge, which is very South Beach-ish. My room was rather small but comfortable and decorated in typical W style. I was a little disappointed that the bathroom only had a shower and no bathtub. The only other problem was that it faced the street and you could hear EVERTHING that was going on, especially the really loud Italian-American parade. Parades are a fun part of New Orleans...just be prepared for the noise. If you're looking for somewhere quiet, go somewhere else.  That being said, I traveled with my two dogs and the W was very welcoming and understanding toward them, which is a relief...especially if you've ever stayed at a hotel that is not pet friendly. Travelling with pets can be stressful enough without the hotel management adding to it with an attitude. By the way, this hotel can valet your car, which makes staying there super easy. Plus, it's close to everything and easy to find/get to.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stephallen28
<Content>Spectacular Hotel; Spectacular Location Stayed at the W French Quarter Jan 12 - 15, 2007 for my husband's 40th B-day celebration and had a wonderful time! We've been to NOLA many times and stayed at top-end hotels like the Ritz but I have to say that, to date, this is my favorite hotel in the FQ.A small, boutique hotel with an AMAZING courtyard, the W FQ boasts a a classic FQ experience but with a groovy, almost spa-like twist and atmosphere. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, the bed was to die for (great after being out at Tipitina's Uptown until 3:30 a.m.!) and the bathroom and products (Bliss) were 5 star!Also, the location cannot be beat! Chartres is a wonderful street located close to the river and Jackson Square, one block from Royal (antique and art alley as I call it) and two blocks from Bourbon. It's in the middle of everything but far enough away from Bourbon and Decatur to ensure you get a good night's sleep after a long day and night of fun.Oh, and as far as New Orleans in general is concerned, the FQ is up and running and as good a time as ever. The only thing I noticed is that a few restaurants and bars/clubs aren't back in operation yet . We DID take a Katrina Tour with Tours by Isabelle and would highly recommend it to anyone. While it seems odd and somewhat uncomfortable to be viewing people's torn apart lives, I could not go to NOLA without seeing the devastation (which is still HUGE outside the FQ, Garden District and parts of uptown BTW) first-hand and paying my respects to the people who live there.Long story not so short - go to New Orleans and give back to this awesome city. And make sure you stay at the W French Quarter while you're there. You won't be dissapointed.Stephanie (Newburyport, MA)  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pgatherton
<Content>Old World With a Twist Just returned from a bachelor party weekend and can't say enough about how cool the W French Quarter is. The historic building has been updated tastefully to the usual W lounge look. Music beats softly throughout the property, and at night, the staff lights candles all over the courtyard.It was nice to be able to party two blocks away on Bourbon St., and easily walk back to the hotel to chill out to escape the madness. One of my friends had a Mega Suite, which I would highly recommend. The entrance is directly off the courtyard next to the pool (They call it the Wet) and the suite has its own small private courtyard with a hot tub. I stayed in a standard room, which was nicely appointed and at 350sf, there was still plenty of room to spread out. While we were there for a bachelor party, I would say the city and the hotel are ideal for a romantic weekend getaway. Finally, the service was excellent. As with all W hotels, their Whatever/Whenever service is really helpful if you don't know the city. I want to go back with my fiance.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luckygirl2
<Content>Love this hotel! Relaxing, well decorated, perfect location in the Quarter My fiance took me to this hotel for my birthday. I loved it, and I've stayed in hotels all over the world. For location, definitely stay at this W rather than the other one in N.O.PROS:-The decor is fabulous, modern, not stuffy.- Beds are SO comfortable- Windows and french doors are good at blocking out street noise- Location on Chartres right in the middle of everything, and in the middle of the Quarter- Great restaurant on site- Beautiful courtyard with daybeds and chairs to lounge around onCONS:- There wasn't any waitstaff servicing the courtyard and pool when we were there. You have to go inside and order your own beverages/food. A bit of a hassle.- The bathrooms are a bit small, but the showers are great. I wish more rooms had tubs.- Pool is a bit small, if lovely. But this is to be expected at hotels in the Quarter.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>toughbunnyxx
<Content>Great location, lovely hotel! We just returned from a stay at the W French Quarter and it was a very nice experience. The hotel is in a great location; in the Quarter, yet removed from most of the noisy hustle and bustle of the nightlife there. The courtyard is gorgeous, and the super-heated pool was lovely! The rooms are cozy, but they are nicely decorated and the bliss spa bath products are fabulous. The whatever/whenever service was a bit slow (it took 2 requests for additonal pillows), but all of the staff we met were very friendly, pleasant and eager to please. A great hotel!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>tamonthetrip
<Content>W French Quarter-Nostalgic return to the De La Poste! Just back from taking my family to the W French Quarter. Used to stay here as a girl when it was the De La Poste-the location is unbeatable and the Courtyard is magical, especially at night. The W kept the best and improved on everything else. The room was not large, but well planned and felt very upscale. The staff was so warm and personable. Can't recommend enough!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LuvTraveln'around
<Content>Great Time We stayed at the W, Jan 1-4th for the Sugar Bowl game and had a great time even though our team didn't come close to winning. The hotel room was nice and clean, as was the bathroom (shower only unit.) The beds were soft and we great to sleep on, but if you are prone to being cold, maybe ask for more blankets. Only problem with the room was the heat didn't work for the first night, but they came and fixed it when we called. Room also had a mini bar, but you spend $5 for a snickers. Surprisingley the hotel was quiet occasionly there were train whistles or people moving about outside the room. Otherwise this hotel is a great place to stay, near jackson square and close enough to walk to the superdome. Cafe Du Monde had great beinets, and there was a resturant across the street that has a good breakfast, Cafe Fleur-de-leis.Also if you don't mind spending 42 dollars a person there is a 3 hour tour, by cajun encounters that was good. You could see where the levys broke.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>littlek
<Content>Outstanding Years ago I was researching hotels in NO for an anniversary trip for my parents. I fell in love with the The W hotel in the french quarter but decided that that area wouldn't be a good choice for my 70+ year old parents. When I finally got a chance to visit NO for myself, I went staight to the W website and made a reservation. So glad I did. The room was wonderful. The beds were devine. The staff - well the staff was completely OUTSTANDING. We ended up testing that whatever, whenever logo. I had put my passport in the safe with other valuables for the night. In the morning, I removed the contents, but somehow missed the passport. 2 hours later, as I'm about to get a cruise ship at the New Orleans port - I realize I'm missing it. While I was in a panic, my sister called the hotel. The bell man went to the room, check the safe, called her back and said they found it and were sending it to the port right away. Ten minutes later my favorite bell boy arrived with my passport in hand. Now that's what I call service! Thanks W - Ill see you again soon.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Taurus1948
<Content>Not for those seeking peace and quiet Tthis is a lovely hotel, sleek and modern in a convenient area of the French Quarter. Beds, linens, etc. were wonderful.However, from early morning to 9:30-PM they played a very loud modern music with a heavy beat through out the lobby and courtyard-so loud that I could still hear it in my 5th floor room. After I mentioned it they gave me some earplugs. After 2 nights I had to leave. I had booked 5 days.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	5	5	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>ParkerLewis
<Content>Great! Great room! Got a decent price through a promo code on the Starwood site. Management went out of their way to make us feel welcome. The restaurant on site, Bacco is amazing. The pool area and courtyard are great if the weather is nice. We hardly left the hotel all day. Bathroom is huge with a giant walk-in shower. Would go back in a second. Well worth the extra $30 that you would pay for the Poydras St. W location.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TouringLawyer
<Content>Fully restored with good service We spent the weekend at the W French Quarter and were pleased to see that the hotel was immaculate and the staff very friendly. Room service was prompt and the staff in the Living Room (W-Speak for the lobby) now will print your airline boarding passes and deliver them to your room. This was our second stay at the W and our first in post-Katrina New Orleans. This time we had one of the couryard rooms--a better choice than the outside rooms since New Orleans can be noisy at night.The hotel also serves cocktails on the patio/courtyard in the evening with candles decorating the area. While we had read that New Orleans restaurants and hotels ahd reduced their customer service standard, this was not the case at the W or, for that matter NOLA, Arnauds and Cafe August--all fine choices in walking distance from the W.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>d75angel
<Content>Love New Orleans!! This was my 2nd trip to New Orleans and I was happy to come back after Katrina. Overall, this hotel was wonderful, clean and maintained a relaxing environment, which is a great relief when visiting the French Quarter. The bathrooms were beautiful as was the courtyard and pool!! As a side note, I took the Katrina tour offered by Grayline Tours, which was a highlight of this trip. The experience was moving and humbling, as well as informative. Everyone should take this tour. I will definitely be returning to NO soon and staying at the W French Quarter!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>ALLUCZ3
<Content>Great time in the Qtr. Good time at the W FQ Just finished our stay at the W FQ and enjoyed the Qtr. The hotel was fine and staff mostly accomodating. We were not, however, overwhelmed with the service and the furnishings in our room showed signs of wear. The hip modern decor maybe past its prime and seems to have lost some of its cutting edge appeal. The room was nice sized as was the bath (2 dbls on the 5th flr). The pool is tiny and was very crowded with 7 or 8 people in it, but a nice ammenity to have. The Whenever Whatever service was a nice touch and they were able to accomodate our requests. All that said we would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>ssful
<Content>WWWWhat's the Big Deal I'm a big fan of comtemporary furnishings, tend to like more minimalistic decor and the W's formula trademark less is more attitude. but this particular W Hotel seems to be more on the stark, barren side . New Orleans and the French Quarter's uniqueness and quirkiness seems to have not prevailed . This Hotel could be in any city in the country...there was no homage to the town itself.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Favorite Place To Stay! When we come to New Orleans we always try to stay at the W French Quarter. We love the location and the staff are so friendly and always will to suggest some great places to eat. Bacco's is right next door and always has great food. We can't wait to get back to the City!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>paulantx
<Content>Great Weekend!!       Pool  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kajunkel
<Content>Locals loved it! My husband and I consider ourselves locals in that we live about 50 min away from the French Quarter and travel there once a month. We have stayed at a ton of hotels in the french quarter and this was by far our FAVORITE! LOCATION:The location is perfect, it if far enough from Bourbon so that you can sleep peacefully but close enough that you are in the action. And by in the action I mean after a night of partying just a two block walk to your room. You are also within walking distance to the Riverwalk, Harrahs, and Jackson Square.THE ROOMSFabulous! If you want the old New Orleans antique feel-do not go here. If you want a modern, relaxing and comfortable room-the W is your place! The bathroom is wonderful the shower is big enough for 2 :-) My husband is 6'6 and hates hotel shower because he has to bend and dip to try and wash his hair. The shower head was tall enough for him to enjoy a 30 minute shower-that never happens! He drew plans to redo our master bathroom at home to model this one. There is no bathtub. No problem for us! THE BEDSCOMFORTABLE COMFORTABLE COMFORTABLE!... sheets with 350 threadcount, Down comforters that feel amazing and beds that feel like you are sleeping on clouds. SERVICE I was impressed with our service at the hotel. However, we did not get the room type we had requested (wanted a King and got 2 Doubles). I had emailed the hotel prior to our stay explaining it was our anniversary and did they have any special packages/services? I never received an email back (bad news:I'm a consultant for businesses and rate Customer service....this is a No No) Having said that, the hotel makes up for any minor boo-boo's on the part of the staff.Simply Amazing!Sidenote: there are 2 W's in New Orleans if you want to be close to the French Quarter this is the one you want to stay at-the other is closer to Harrah's and the Riverwalk.This is our new hotel for all our weekend trips!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>wachifield
<Content>Fantastic! My boyfriend and I loved the French Quarter W. HOTEL OVERVIEW: Staff was very friendly. There is a lovely courtyard with a pool (which is small). I believe there is free wi-fi in the courtyard. We love house music and that was what was usually playing in the common areas. There is no vending to speak of, but there are plenty of places to pick sodas, etc. up nearby. Bacco's, the hotel restaurant serves lunch and dinner. Breakfast can be served in your room, but there are many delicious places for beignets within walking distance. If you want to work out, you have free access to the fitness facilities at the other New Orleans W.ROOM: Our king bed room a good size, clean and the bed was very comfortable. We had a window that opened. The bathroom is HUGE and has Bliss Spa amenities. You should bring earplugs to block out street noise. Even though the on the edge of the French Quarter, it's still in the French Quarter The hotel will give you a set for free, but we purchased our own (and some sodas) at the nearby Decatur street Walgreens. LOCATION: Excellent. You are within walking distance to the Riverwalk, the Aquarium, Harrah's, Bourbon Street craziness, and very close to Jackson Square. NOTE: Many places are still on limited hours, which can be a pain if you want to eat late. The hotel concierge always will have some recommendations for you though. We were glad to be back and spend some $$ in New Orleans and help this city rebuild. Don't be afraid to do the same. The crowds are a lot smaller right now, so it's a great time to go! Don't miss the Aquarium. The sea otters are adorable!  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KPop
<Content>Outstanding My boyfriend and I took a week long road trip through the south from Houston to Washington DC and this was our 2nd stop. The W was our best hotel experience along the way. The hotel itself is beautiful, it has a gorgeous courtyard, with pool and candles. Our room had a balcony that overlooked Chartres Street. It was adorable! The service we experienced was impeccable! Their motto is whatever, whenever and trust me, we tested it! They completely fullfilled our every request and then some. One night before dinner, we felt like cheese and wine in the courtyard ...Christy (one of their managers), went to Bacco (their restaurant)and had them create a cheese platter for us and bring it to the courtyard with a bottle of wine. It was fantastic. The rooms are spacious and clean. I love the bliss products (which are standard for the Ws). The ambassador for each day was always very knowledgeable about local happenings and could guide us around the city. I would not hesitate staying there again, nor recommending friends or clients. It was the most lovely stay, in fact it was difficult for us to leave! We also ate at Bacco one night, which was absolutely delicious! Definitely stay here!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dr. Pub
<Content>Here's What You Need to Know HOTEL: Typical modern W room. Spacious bathroom. DVD player and CD player in the room. Very comfortable bed. Staff was the friendliest I have encountered in New Orleans. Clientele tends to be young and hip, unlike me. Lots of wireless computer activity in the courtyard area.LOCATION: Perfect. On Chartres Street, two blocks from Bourbon. Hint: You want to VISIT Bourbon Street, not stay there. Lots of restaurants nearby. Close to Decatur Street, which has more to offer than Bourbon Street.FOOD: Can't get much better than having room service from Bacco, a Brennan family restaurant. Nearby coffee and sandwich shops. Most French Quarter restaurants are open again.PETS: Pets are welcome at all W hotels. There was a pet bed in the room, doggie treats, and complimentary pet toys. The hotel can arrange for pet sitting if needed.RATES: Go to the hotel's web site and check out the Special Offers section. After booking a standard room for $229 a night with a Starwood reservationist I found a lower rate ($189 per night during Spring Break week) in this section. Then we upgraded to a patio room (#227) for another $20 a night. Parking is about $30 a night, typical for New Orleans.MISC: The French Quarter is about 80-90% back to normal after Katrina. There aren't as many tourists now, and no convention business to speak of. Most restaurants are back open, some with limited menus and/or decreased hours.Be careful in New Orleans: if you're not sure whether to walk or cab, take the cab.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Service, Room was cramped Would never stay here again.Service was horrible. Check in clerk seemed annoyed to be at work. During my stay they had roof work which started at 5 AM and did not bother to notify the guests.I called concierge to make reservation at Nola Restaurant. When I got to the restaurant, they had no reservation for us. I spoke to the MOD about the roof work and concierge problem. He seemed aloof and empty headed. He gave us a bottle of wine for our trouble which didn't help the fact our stay stunk.I contacted the GM and he never had the courtesy to reply. Stay elsewhere in New Orleans.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stayed before Hurricane Katrina hit We stayed in one of their best suites that had a hot tub in the back yard. We left one day before the hurricane hit. Beds: Were very comfortable.Room: Nice but everything cost a lot. They wanted to charge you for everything. If you wanted to use their business center you were basically using their office because they did not have a business center.Decoration: fair but my wife thought they were good.Location: The location was incredible. Near everything. SPA: Spa service sucked so you had to be sent down the street to another SPA. If you wanted to use the gym you could go down to the W New Orleans (Bigger high rise building) down the street and use their facility. this W did not have a gym on site.Pool: The pool was great but small so be prepared to sit next to each other.Maid Service: They acted like they were doing us a favor.Overall if you are not on any special occasions I would suggest you stay here and get a run of the mill room because the place is descent and you cannot be the location.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Chris75
<Content>Design and charm W French Quarter is a small hotel with a lovely courtyard with sofas to relax and a beautiful swimming pool (quite small). The room has a very nice design with one the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in, and the bathroom was very large. I found the staff very kind and helpful.If I have one criticism, it is the lack of breakfast inside the hotel (but coffee is offered), but there are plenty choices to eat breakfast aroud the corner of the street or at the chain hotels (Sheraton or Marriott are just a few minutes walk, 2 blocks from the W hotel).I found the W French Quarter hotel delightful, I would not imagine to go to another hotel when I will return to New Orleans.If you want to be in the heart of the French Quarter (2 blocks from Bourbon Street), W French Quarter is a must.One last thing: try the Bacco restaurant, the food is delicious!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SERCBaby06
<Content>Best Place on Earth!         
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PeckCheck
<Content>Nice, despite the mouse.... We liked the hotel so much the first time we stayed here about 4 years ago that we decided to come back for our honeymoon last spring.The room are nice and understated with great balconies. This particular W is on the small side, which makes it cosier than some of the other W hotels. It is located in the heart of the french quarter, a few blocks away from the craziness of Bourbon street, which makes it an ideal location. The pool is small, but very cute and romantic. However, you should definitely request a room that is not facing the street where the trash cans are located because the garbage trucks will wake you up every morning at around 6AM. The trucks are incredibly loud... Another downside to having a room near the trash was a rather unpleasant surprise in the form of a mouse who was munching on the snickers bar in our mini-bar. (for some reason, he rejected the Oreo cookies) The management was actually quite helpful and immediately moved us to a suite on the other end of the hotel, which was quite luxurious.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PedroJames
<Content>swanky and chill Pimpin' place tucked in the French Quarter! I had a King with a smoking balcony overlooking a queit sidestreet! Nice big bathrooms! Parking is simple.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rogersparkchris
<Content>Another Great Stay at W Hotels !! Surprised my parents with a trip to New Orleans and stayed at the W French Quarter. We had a great time. Not only did I get my room keys at check in, but also received some fruit water and a cool towel. The room was typical W standards with terrific beds and a fun honor bar. Bathroom was huge and contained a fantastic shower. We encountered no problems during our stay and all the staff, from front desk to servers to housekeepers, were courteous and helpful. The location was very convenient to all the French Quarter and to Canal Street. I will echo some of the other reviews, however, and warn against a room facing the street. The noise level was pretty high at night.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Under some repair but still ... great, fun hotel!! First the only bad part: I don't know how long the repair will go on, but the lobby is sort of closed off. There is a bar in there, and they are renovating, I guess. The hotel staff is very service oriented and the ambiance is like a very cool night club. Great music in the lobby and the check-in staff were dressed great. The room was really cool. Try to get a view of the river. It was fantastic watching the barges and boat traffic. This hotel has one of the best beds we have ever slept in. The sheets just swallow you in comfort.It was extremely clean. Check out the very cool pool. Great exercise room with free weights. The location is superb, and it's right next to the Harrah's casino.I would go back in a heart beat.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chrissyf
<Content>Convenient Location; Inconvenient Noise Level The location of the W French Quarter is very good. It is two streets from Bourbon Street which makes it great for nightlife and restaurants. However, because it is so close to party central, late at night the noise level from outside is crazy (intermittent but crazy). Perhaps my room was in a bad location, but I did not get a good night's sleep either night. But the room size is decent and the hotel is clean and well kept.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mcneelj
<Content>awesome! beautiful hotel, stylish rooms and hallways, restaurant absolutely delicious, staff perfect.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NotACowboy
<Content>A mixed impression My family and I stayed here over the Easter weekend and we give the hotel a decidedly mixed review.The location is perfect: far enough from Bourbon Street to ensure a night鈥檚 sleep but close enough to everything the French Quarter has to offer. Our room was adequate and my parents were upgraded to a room with a nice balcony overlooking the street. The courtyard is beautiful and pool is pleasant but rather small.The staff were friendly and helpful, but there鈥檚 not enough of them around to provide the level of service I expect from a high-quality hotel. The valet parking stand was rarely manned and no one ever offered us drinks in the courtyard or by the pool, despite menus placed at the tables.We found the hotel to be clean. Since I鈥檝e lived in New Orleans before, I didn鈥檛 think the rooms smelled like mold at all. Mildew is a fact of life, folks, in a city that gets that much rain.The W has a great location but it needs some tuning up to be on the level with the W鈥檚 in Seattle and Times Square. A few more staff members on hand would make this an excellent place for a Crescent City getaway.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Big dissapointment We were very excited about our stay at the W french quater. It was my birthday and my husband thought it would be a nice gift. . . at least in theory. They could not get our room keys for 24 hours because the manager had left for the weekend and no one knew how to work the machine. Then, when we finally had keys they would not work in the elevator (a requirement to get to your room). Then housekeeping decided to skip our room, Oh and by room I mean 10 square feet with the bathroom. And the free breakfast we were supposed to receive was never what we ordered. They tried to make it right by giving us a free dinner and 10,000 starwood points, and by the way we still havent seen those. All in all, it is in a GREAT location, to bad the staff is completely incompetent. Oh, and when we spoke to the manager all she called my husband was sweetie A little annoying.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wiley12
<Content>W, Fantastic as Always!! We stayed at the W French Quarter on January 10, 2005. Whenever we are in a city that has a W we do our best to stay there because we are so overwhelmed by the service as well as the hotel themselves.I will say that it's not your typical W with a huge Living Room and hotel. This hotel is quaint but still maintains the W feel.The rooms are decorated just as you would expect the rooms to be decorated. We upgraded to get a room with a balcony that over looks Chartres which was perfect. The service, as with all W Hotels, is top of the line. There is never any issue that is to small for the staff to deal with. Example: The hotel had run out of foam pillows but was offering to run to another hotel to get a few and bring them back to our room. Of course, I turned this offer down and they were almost dissapointed that they could not help out with this task.The pool (Wet) looks very nice. Not a lot of room for a pool so it's a small soaking pool that was heated to 85-90 degrees.Once again an experiance that I will never forget provided at a W Hotel. Never miss a chance to stay at a W if you have the opportunity.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>McMax
<Content>Stylish and hip, but don't expect 5-star quality I'm a big fan of the W Hotels (having stayed at several of them throughout the U.S.). A group of us recently stayed at the W French Quarter over the Halloween long weekend. This is the fourth consecutive year we've stayed here. As with all W Hotels, they are very stylish and hip, from the decor to the staff. However, if you're expecting Ritz-Carlton/Four Seasons luxury, this is the not the place to be.The best thing about the hotel is the bed. Simply put, it is the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. (So comfortable and desirable that we purchased the bed and its accessories for our house!) When you get into bed, you simply sink into the duvet, comforter, sheets and mattress cover. It's so comfortable that you don't want to get up in the morning! (It's similar to the Heavenly Bed at the Westin, but I think the W bed is better)The room itself is very modernly-outfitted, and a bit dark. The regular rooms are adequately-sized--not large, but not too small either. The deluxe rooms open out onto a balcony or walkway from large French doors. The bathroom is decorated in slate, and the bath products (Aveda) are wonderful.The lobby is a bit small, but in all fairness, how often are you in the lobby? As other reviewers stated, make sure to NOT get a room overlooking Chartres Street. It is rather noisy. And, the maintenance and cleaning is not up to the highest standards--but this is New Orleans. If things were a bit shabby, you'd be disappointed.Finally, another good thing about this hotel is its location. It's on Chartres, which is two blocks down and parallel to Bourbon. This is a good thing. With all the nuttiness going on on Bourbon Street until the wee hours of the morning, it is nice to be a bit farther away, and to enjoy the peace and quiet. In the many years we've been coming to New Orleans during Halloween weekend (a very nutty and crowded weekend), the W French Quarter is a nice peaceful oasis away from the crazy, swirling French Quarter. So long as you don't expect 5-star luxury, you'll thoroughly enjoy this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Oceanfem
<Content>The W Hotel (French Quarter) Spent Thanksgiving at this hotel... The room was small but tasteful and clean. The staff were very nice, polite but uninformative....We unfortunately were there during the BIG GAME the Bayou Classic (football) which we did not attend. We are football fans but you would think the hotel staff would advise you not to take your car during big events! We took the car for a evening of dinner and music and spent 3 hours in frustration just trying to get back to the hotel...All streets leading to the quarter were blocked off even 2 hours after the game.  If you go to New Orleans for New Years or Mardi Gras or for that matter any big event do yourself a favor and leave the car in the hotel and walk or take a cab. Otherwise the trip was great!!Had a wonderful dinner at Emerils.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BB in KC
<Content>Great Experience at the W We just returned from a business trip and stayed at the W. Great experience! The W is a happening place. Staff were friendly and helpful. We used their meeting room and were throughly impressed with great service and an environment conducive to work (including wi-fi for our laptops). I definitely recommend for board meetings and business gatherings.Front desk was great to work with and helped us with restaurant recommendations and reservations. They also managed to find us an out of the way fan boat tour in the bayou which was a great experience.The rooms are terrific with signature W beds. Very comfortable. And my room had the best shower I've ever had in a hotel. There is some street noise from Chartres St., but come on! It's New Orleans! Highly recommend the W!RB  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SteelerFanTampa_FL
<Content>Overall a good experience We found the W French Quarter to be a clean, modern hotel with excellent staff. The bed, glass shower, huge bathroom and Aveda products are heaven. It is fairly close to everything in the French Quarter, the Aquarium and Harrah's. The only thing I would recommend if you stay here is to request a room that does NOT face Chartres Street, as the street noise is terrible (garbage trucks woke us up every morning at 4AM). Also, if you expect your room to be cleaned every day you will be disappointed. We had a 4 night stay and our room was only cleaned once, but the staff was very prompt and helpful; when we called the front desk to request anything they brought it immediately. They were also very helpful with directions and restaurant suggestions. Another recommendation: the restaurant attached to the hotel (Bacco) was not very good. Extremely bland food; there are so many great places to eat in New Orleans, don't waste your money there!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay...not impressed The hotel was nice..but for a $350 a night suite it could have been and should have been much nicer...The suite was chopped up and not useable...bathtub was old fashioned and hard to get in and out of..no room for two??? Staff was nice..AC was lousy....noisy at night on the Chartres side of the hotel. Bacco's Restaurant next door was good...10 cent martinis at lunch. Elevators not working one night and next morning. Great breakfast place across the street La taut...Good location........not worth the price!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Overall Great Hotel To Experience The French Quarter The hotel was great in the big picture. It is in a very favorable location with a great ambience. The rooms were decorated nicely and kept clean. I was very lucky to be there when it was a warm rainy day. I was able to swim in the pool while it was raining.Since I look at everything in detail, there were a few things they could have done better.We arrived at 12:30 pm from the airport and were told that check in is not until 3 pm, but they will let us know if the rooms open up earlier than 3 pm. We went back twice and the room did not open up until 3:15pm. The check out time is 12pm. Most hotels would have had housekeeping get the rooms ready for new guest immediately. I have a bad back so every minute counted. I needed to lie down. The towels on our first day were very soft, but the days following were so rough. Luck or intentional...I don鈥檛 know. We also have asked for extra sheets. We left them folded nicely on the chair unused. Housekeeping took them away so, we have to tip someone again for a different set of sheets.Most staffs were very friendly. I thought housekeeping could have done a better job and the cabana girl we had one of the days was a little on the rude side.Just some things bothered me, but overall experience was commendable.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yppub
<Content>W - Way overrated! The W Hotels seem to vary a great deal on quality accomodations and levels of service. After reading other reviews, I agree on several points. The staff is clueless, young arrogant teenagers. Using 20000 Starwood Points and paying for an extra night, I would have expected better than a room the size of a closet, with a bathroom door which was see-through and a bathroom so unclean it had someone's pills all over the floor. Plus, the room seemed as if it had not been dusted in days. I had to ask for the sheets to be changed during my stay.When you check in, you are told that your every need will be tended to. NOT SO! They volunteer to have food from surrounding restaurants delivered. One night, a teenager working there told me that there wasn't any way to get any food but a pizza. Not so. One morning when I ordered breakfast, I was promised that it would be there in 15 minutes. Almost an hour passed before the luke warm omlet and fries arrived, without eating utensils, condoments or napkins. When I checked out and saw that the hotel put a 150% markup on the actual price, I was livid.Not only that, but they charge for everything, even 36.00 a day to park your car in the hotel owned garage. OUTRAGEOUS!I have stayed in other W Hotels, for example, W Union Square in New York, so I never expected the shotty room and service I received in New Orleans.Do yourself a favor and find another hotel.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>W - French Quarter Stands for Wretched After dreaming of staying at the W for over 4 months, we arrived at the swank spot to celebrate our 1 year wedding anniversary. When we arrived, they had a letter waiting for us to tell us how sorry they were. They were overbooked. They told us that some guests decided to extend their stay and Louisiana Law stated that they could not throw out their guests. I live in Louisiana and have never heard of such a horrible excuse for their mistake. They even turned away a 9 month pregnant woman and her husband. They provided us with a hotel of lower quality, not even located in the Quarter. I highly advise that you not waste your efforts to stay there. You can't trust their reservation or hospitality service!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FLcs
<Content>This hotel is great I agree with the previous email...not sure what the complaints were about. The staff were all very helpful and professional, and the rooms were great, even if a bit small. The showerhead is the best I've ever experienced. We never did get room service, but we did buy a bottle of wine and drank it out on the patio overlooking the courtyard/pool. This hotel is a great upscale, modern hotel located near anything you want in the downtown/french quater district. I have no idea what the negative reviews were about...the hallways were fine and the rooms had no foul odor whatsoever. The comments about the music being too loud made me crack up...that guy must have been about 90 years old. It's a fine hotel...and it's finally one where the adult selection on the tv includes a lot of gay titles. What's up with no gay porn at hotels? Have fun at this hotel and in New Orleans...the city and hotel compliment each other well.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mottamopsie
<Content>Loved the W My husband and I stayed at the W, French Quarter, from 3/20-3/25 as a STARWOOD preferred quest. It was wonderful. I was so afraid of what we would find because of all the bad reviews, but now I know not to listen to everything. The hotel was very clean and modern and the staff were great. The aveeda bath products were wonderful and the pool was clean and heated. The pool side lounge chairs were very comfortable. We had a wonderful view of the hotel's court yard, which is lovely. I would recommend this hotel to any one who would like to be in the middle of evrything. We were 2 blocks away from Bourbon Street and 2 blocks away from the Mississippi river. Although, they did not have breakfast available, except through room service, there are lovely cafe's right across the street. I am glad that we chose a small hotel; it was private and I would recommend it to every one.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>PARTY CENTRAL Here is the scoop on the hotel: It is a Standard W hotel... The rooms are really nice with SOFT BEDS Its not the cleanest place But, you have to understand that you are in New Orleans everything is dirt, streets, people, and even the housekeeping is on a different level... DIRTY... They dont pick up your dirty underwear .... Anways we were there for Mardi Grai and it was AWESOME... This hotel is in the BEST LOCATION!!! We filled up on alcohol and hit Bourban street and went to and from our hotel for more liquor and to use the bathroom. You can walk to the hotel in less than 3 minutes from Bourban... Yeah there is no bar in the hotel but it is literaly 200 yards away from the action... it is close to Decates street where you can get food during the day... This is an awsome place to go if you are 20 to mid thirties and you want to party. If you need to bring some new friends back to the hotel... NO PROBLEM... Although a room key is required at all time to activate the elevator... which is great for security purposes. Yeah there is no room service but there are local food joints that deliver to the room in 30 mins or less and are soooo much cheaper than average room service and better food too. We had a large real italian nyc style pizza deilvered with 6 toppings for 15 dollars!!!!! Food is cheap in New orleans....The music is not LOUD its elevator music but ultra techno or trans... YOU ARE IN NEW ORLEANS.... PARTY YOUR A* OFF!!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Natalia_Luff2004
<Content>bad service!!!!! I have stayed in many Hotels in my life. The W in the French Quarter was by far the worst experience ever!!! When we received our bill at checkout, there was a charge for $450 for a broken chair!!! I felt like I was in a bad dream!!! Someone in house keeping finally fessed up to it and the money was credited to our account. The service is awful!!!! The only thing I liked about this hotel was the shower head.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nolagirl
<Content>Really enjoyed our stay Stayed here for the first time over Christmas with my parents. It was their first New Orleans and W experience and they loved it. I found the staff to be very pleasant and helpful, although not particularly knowledgeable about local restaurants beyond the basics (consult Zagat's and don't miss Irene's Cuisine). The first room they gave me was not what I had requested however, when I called down to the lobby, they were very quick and pleasant about finding me another room immediately. Although room service was not available on Christmas Day, the staff offered to get room service from the other W at no additional charge. Maybe it has something to do with being a Starwood Preferred Member, but the staff remembered our names the entire stay and did everything they could to be helpful. You also cannot beat the location on Chartres - close to everything but far enough away that my parents were not bothered by sounds of partying on Bourbon St. As at all the W's they have the very comfortable beds and nice Aveda products. Only problem was the hot water was pretty slow to run in the early evening. Had to let the shower run for about 10 minutes. I will definitely stay here again on my next trip to New Orleans. Also, try the Starwood website for the best rates - they offer great weekend deals.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Good   showReview(1542153, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ultra trendy but lame This ultra trendy new money hotel played loud dance/house music until 9pm every night and it was impossible to take any kind of nap or relax in the middle of the day. The hotel seemed very fake and tried to be hip. The rooms were very comfortable with nice pillows and comfy bed though. Overall, there are many better choices and I cant understand why anyone would want to stay there.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>dank, dark, moldy rooms   showReview(1507052, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very creepy experience   showReview(1385568, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Atmosphere, Great Service, Wonderful Room!   showReview(1383545, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, location, location   showReview(1033800, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hated the "W"   showReview(1030971, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a bad place to stay   showReview(996215, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>samjkh
<Content>Ultra modern hotel   showReview(921953, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not at this price   showReview(830699, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>W stands for WOW   showReview(359173, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

