<Author>aspine67
<Content>Great value The hotel is in a great location - 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower, 1 minute from restaurants, bakeries and supermarkets in the Rue Cler area, and about 3 minutes from the Ecole Militaire metro station. There's even a direct bus to the Champs Elysees outside the hotel, although we never used it (took the metro). It's a very safe area and we didn't have any problems walking back from the Eiffel Tower at 10pm at night. The free Internet access in the lobby is brilliant.Must do: You must go up the Eiffel Tower at night - 9pm is a good time as the queues are shorter. The lights on the Eiffel Tower flash for 10 minutes on the hour at nights and it's the most beautiful sight.Must try: crepes at Cafe Ulysse en Gaul, breakfast at Cafe du Marche (both at Rue Cler), across from the hotel - Fontaine de Jade for good Chinese food and Le Bosquet for excellent French onion soup, and Punjab restaurant (1 minute past the Ecole Militaire station) for great Indian food and some of the best restaurant service in Paris.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lhinesabc
<Content>An "ok" stay I just returned from my second stay at this hotel, this time with my older parents in a second room. While I have read the enthusiastic reviews of the hotel on this website, I have to say they may be creating an impression that may not meet expectations. The rooms are indeed on the large side for Paris and are prettily decorated and somewhat cozy. The bathrooms are very standard, but do have nice towels. The neighborhood near the metro and the Rue Cler is great and the two computers in the lobby are a wonderful convenience. I did not find the staff,except for Frederique, to be very friendly, though they were efficient. The hotel itself is beginning to need renovation, with peeling paint, stained wallpaper and badly stained carpeting in both of our rooms. The noise factor is a problem. The walls are paper thin and the noise from the elevator and staff banging around starts at 6:30am. We are not light sleepers, but it was tough. I will probably investigate other hotels before staying here again.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	5	

<Author>jpi
<Content>Weekend in Paris at Hotel Relais-Bosquet We stayed at the 3 star Hotel Relais-Bosquet in the RueCler district and it was 2 blocks from Eiffel Tower park. Everything was right outside our hotel and the metro 1 block away. This is the second time we have stayed in this district but this location and hotel was very good. Recommended by Rick Steves, we got free breakfast which was good. Also, booked an online special so it was only 130 euros/night with free breakfast and 2 tickets to the Louve. The desk personel were very helpful with all our needs. Extras:Two free computers available in the lobby; clean and neat even tho the building was on the older side; updated room with big bed and wonderful fresh feeling sheets; flat screen TV (in case you need CNN); two wastebaskets in room; refrigerator in room with coffee/tea making service; updated bathroom with separate room for toilet; big, fluffy towels. Restaurants in the area are abundant from small cafes to full scale. The bakeri around the corner is wonderful and a grocery store that sells good inexpensive wine just by the metro. I would stay at the HOtel Relias-Bosquet again and recommend it for a true Parisian experience in a wonderful neighborhood.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ColWarne
<Content>Best value in Paris! I've used quite a few Paris hotels and this was certainly an excellent choice. A very comfortable hotel in a very nice district of Paris, with easy travel to all the attractions. Staff extremely helpful - for example, when we were wrongly told that breakfast was served until 12 on the Sunday and we appeared at 11.15 to find the room being vacuumed, we were immediately offered what turned out to be an excellent (and cheaper!) breakfast in the room. The costs of the room compared well with Paris hotels generally, especially the reduced rate for 3 days. Tea and coffee facilities are provided, which is often not the case in Paris. Decent size bath towels too! Minor quibbles were the fact that free internet was provided, but that the signal was very weak in the room we had. However, there are two free computers to use in the very comfortable reception area. And there was some minor sound disturbance from water draining from another room and people using the stairs, but we were so tired it didn't matter. I鈥檝e already booked to stay there again, on business, so that's got to be the best recommendation. PS: The restaurant recommended by reception - Le Bosquet, over the road - was excellent and very reasonably priced. It鈥檚 also worth travelling into the Marais to eat at L'Epouvanteil (6 rue de Jarente). Lovely food from a three course menu @ 28鈧?and a brilliant host, who really wanted a group of 10 of us to enjoy our time there.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>FrequentTravelerWDC
<Content>Another Fantastic Stay We just returned from our fifth stay at the Relais Bosquet. We were accompanied on this trip by our ten year old granddaughter who experienced her first visit to Paris. The hotel staff was, as always, exceptionally cordial and most helpful. Our room was a perfect accommodation for three and the service staff maintained the room in perfect order. The two lobby computers with Internet access proved to be a great resource, especially for our granddaughter who couldn't wait to e-mail family and friends back home in the USA with descriptions of her daily adventures in Paris. We look forward to many more stays at the Relais Bosquet. This hotel is truly a Paris gem.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lifeisinthedetails
<Content>Adequate The hotel is located near Rue Clur street and convenient to a train station. The area is cute, although there were homeless on the street. As this was our first trip to Paris we picked this location by ratings on Trip Advisor. In hindsight being near St Michel would have been a better location for us. We always seemed to be transferring trains at St. Michel. St. Michel/Latin Quarter also has great dining options.We ate breakfast on Rue Clur street instead of at the hotel which was very enjoyable. Brought pastries at night on Rue Clur to bring back to the hotel. Also enjoyable.As far as the hotel itself, it was ok as a base to sleep. For about the same price we stayed at the Montigue on the Gardens in London for the duration of the trip. So comparing the two, the entire staff at Montigue on the Gardens went way out of their way to be helpful and make sure our room was perfect, the staff at the Hotel Bosquet did not. Not that the staff did anything wrong, but when you are on vacation you value that little extra attention, even if it is a smile or asking how your day was going. Based on the other reviews here I guess I had higher expectations.Paris in general was great. Our experience was that people were generally helpful and nice. We felt like welcome guests in the city.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	3	2	3	

<Author>TravelllorNy
<Content>Best Hotel This is a gem of a hotel.. ideal location with great places to eat 1 block away.. main bus to the city-champ de elyses, louvre 2 blocks away and metro ideally located 3 blocks away.. free internet, free tray for cofee....The staff is really phenomenal who are ready to help for anything you need.... further many city tours will pick up at the hotel including the airport taxi... Overall excellent.. definitely a great hotel to stay  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>LovesToTravelAround
<Content>Nice        my room  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>c1119
<Content>Hotel Ralais Bosquet Paris- 'Fabulous' My friend and I just returned from a trip to Paris and we couldn't have picked a more perfect hotel. Hotel Relais Bosquet is in an adorable neighborhood. We were a few blocks from a metro station and one block from a picturesque walking street where we could shop at boutiques or purchase fresh fruit, flowers, meats and cheeses. Or sit at one of the many cafes and people watch. Two doors down from the hotel is a wonderful corner bakery where we purchased sandwiches and then walked two blocks and ate in the park with a breathtaking view of the Eiffel Tower. The first impression from the staff was very telling. I e-mailed the hotel while in the states to get information and received an immediate response from one of the employees, Christian, our new french friend. Their personal touch sets them far above other hotels that I have stayed with on previous travels. I hope to return to Paris soon and I will definitely be staying at Hotel Relais Bosquet.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RBL52
<Content>Perfect Parisian Experience We just stayed at Hotel Relais Bosquet for a week ending on November 20, 2008. We had done extensive research about the hotel and were thrilled to find the positive comments we had read were justified. The staff at Relais Bosquet could not have been more accommodating and helpful with information, especially bus and metro directions and restaurant recommendations and reservations. Their genuineness and willingness to help made our stay so comfortable. Our room was on the top floor (#64) and the view out the window at night of the twinkling Eiffel Tower was magnificent. The electric blinds and quiet neighborhood made sleeping very conducive, which was quite helpful. We felt it was a bargain, especially for the size of the room and bathroom facilities, at 205E a night. The Rue Cler neighborhood in which Relais Bosquet is located was perfect. It is walkable to many places (stores, outdoor markets, bistros, boulangeries, patisseries) and also situated near 3 metro stops and 2 bus lines, all which helped us to see as much of Paris as we could in the most efficient manner. It is a perfect location to see the traditional tourist sights of Paris, while providing a quiet nieghborhood at the end of the day to return to and have a glass of wine while watching Parisians on their way home from work stopping at Rue Cler's many outdoor markets. The best part of the hotel's neighborhood is the abundance of truly excellent well-priced restaurants offering various styles of cuisine, from modern trendy French, Basque, traditional French, bistro food - all priced very competitively. It is our pleasure to highly recommend Hotel Relais Bosquet, its personnel (Christian, in particular), its location and its ambience to all age groups. (Even though there were no children at the hotel when we were there, it would be a perfect location to stay with children, as the surrounding Rue Cler market area and park near the Eiffel Tower would provide great areas for children to run and play.)  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ComingFromCanada
<Content>Recommended We had a great stay at the Relais Bosquet. It is really well situated, nice rooms, friendly staff, and reasonably priced. We had originally booked a standard room and moved to the superior after the first night because my husband's feet hung off the end of the bed in the standard room. He's 6 feet tall. The superior room was larger with a much larger bathroom. It was quite nice, and worth the 20 euro upgrade.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	-1	5	

<Author>funtimes7
<Content>wonderful hotel !! Wonderful small hotel in terrific location so that you can walk to Lots of landmarks! Christian was the most welcoming, helpful hotelier we encountered on our vacation! He send tons of information prior to our trip and was so warm upon our arrival.The room is small (typical European) but clean and had terrific blackout shades!highly recommend this hotel and will stay here if we are in Paris!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>caTravelFan1
<Content>Exceptional Hotel!!       Our Room  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>1	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>davidleeds
<Content>Location makes this hotel a great place to stay I agree with most of what has been said about the hotel. I'm a Rick Steves fan and his tips make all the difference in our trips. The location is perfect for walking or buses or the metro. The restaurants in the area make a stay in Paris affordable as did the food shops. We liked Tribeca the best and it is really great value with a main course including tip and tax from 9 - 11 euros . It is a pity that all the outdoor eating is really off limits if you aren't a smoker. The hotel itself is somewhat tired in the public areas and there are plans to redo it sometime in the future. I was initially put off by the amount of dust on the carpet in the halls and am surprised it hasn't been noted in any review. We had a superior room in the courtyard which we requested.and it was very clean. It was a good size with lots of storage, two large windows in the bedroom and one in the bathroom and very quiet in terms of noise from the outside. While smoking is permitted there was no hint of smoke.The windows were always left open by the cleaning staff and the room felt fresh and airy. The bathroom had a big tub and shower which was great and double sinks with lots of counter space and there was always hot water. It is also great if you have to rinse out clothes and hang them up since there are racks that work really well. The one drawback was the toilet which was in a separate room but it was across the room from the bathroom and felt very closed in. It was beside the bed and the sound of flushing from other rooms could be heard. The breakfast was ample and the staff serving it excellent. Christian and the other men at the front desk were all pleasant and very helpful. While I have noted some issues with the hotel I would still recommend it highly. The tea/coffee bar in the room was a plus and having real china and cutlery a nice touch. We felt comfortable, safe and happy with our choice of hotel and neighbourhood  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Europe_rules
<Content>Wonderful Location, Great Staff       Front of the hotel  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pomodoroCt
<Content>Ooh la la! The perfect hotel in the perfect neighborhood, Rue Cler. Fantastic staff, delightful petit dejeuner, lovely room and spacious bath, immaculate. A place you wish never to leave and are eager to return. Whatever you need, it's there, in this sweet small property that lets you feel like a Parisian. I still swoon over our time there and have pictures on my nightstand....do stay there, you will love it.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Moneychanger
<Content>Great Location Good, clean, quiet, room with all the amenities of a large hotel. Good bedding, large fluffy towels etc. Very friendly and helpful front desk staff.Friendly dining room staff.Excellent buffet breakfast.Complimentary in-room WiFi. Good location close to many of the more popular Paris sights.Safe, clean district.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OhioDiane
<Content>Simply the Best! We really loved everything about Hotel Relais Bosquet. The front desk staff spoke perfect English and were so helpful. They gave us restaurant recommendations, maps, tips for the metro, and really went out of their way to make us feel welcome and comfortable.A special thank you to Frederica  Christian!!We stayed in room #55 which had a nice view of the Eiffel Tower. We especially liked having coffee and tea fixings in the room along with a nice fridge to store water etc. The room was spotless and well appointed.We highly recommend this hotel!!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mazowin
<Content>Loved the Relais Bosquet We spent 4 nights at the Hotel Relais Bosquet in early October. The hotel is extremely comfortable and cheerful, rooms are ample in size for two people, and the closet space is exceptional. I loved the bathroom with an actual shower door (important for Americans who are used to shower curtains/doors). One morning the light in the toilet room was burned out---we meant to tell the front desk but forgot. Nevertheless, the light was replaced by the time we returned to our room in the afternoon. Good attention to details here.We faced the street with two large windows, but we never heard any street noise unless we wanted to. Location cannot be beat---access to the Metro, Rue Cler, and city buses is very easy. The hotel is within walking distance of major sights, and there are many restaurants and cafes nearby. Frederique at the front desk was extremely helpful with making dinner reservations and calling cabs, and she did it all with a smile!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>baillie9
<Content>Fantastic family stay in Paris We stayed at the hotel on our friend's recommendation and we were really impressed with the friendly service and convenient location. The rooms are very comfortable and clean. The reception staff helped with our restaurant bookings and gave some useful recommendations for local shopping. There are so many wonderful cafes, bakeries, chocolate shops to die for - so closeby. It is only 5 minutes walk to the nearest Metro station.We would highly recommend the hotel as good value for families like us from Australia  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RogueFour
<Content>Very happy! We stayed at Relais Bosquet for three nights in early September. We were very pleased. First, the location was terrific ... close to the Eiffel Tower, restaurants and the metro. There was also a great little bistro across the street that we visited often.We arrived early, and even though breakfast was technically over, they allowed us to eat and served us coffee as we waited for our room to be readied. They let us store our luggage as well.We stayed the first two nights in a standard room. Wow, a view of the Eiffel Tower! Sure, it was a small room, but I have stayed in smaller in Europe, so it wasn't a problem. We knew in advance we would have to switch rooms to a superior for the third night (we booked late and that was the only way they could accommodate). We packed our stuff, but just had to leave it in the room and the attendants moved it for us!The superior room, well, what can I say? Wish we would have booked it for all three nights if we could have. Very roomy for Europe, and of course, we also once again got the Eiffel view!Great base for Paris, clean, with free wireless in the room. You should feel very comfortable reserving this boutique hotel.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ozduo
<Content>Great hotel in perfect Paris location Date: 4 October 2008We stayed at the Hotel Relais-Bosquet for 4 nights in the last week of August. This was our first trip to Paris and we found this hotel's location in the Rue Cler district to be perfect for visiting many of the main attractions and also for dining out. Our Superior Room was bigger than we expected for Paris and we had a view of the top of the Eiffel Tower. The electric blinds and the roomy bathroom were also great. Special thanks to Frederika who was always smiling and very helpful.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lmg11
<Content>A Great Choice for Paris We were really happy with this hotel. We booked two rooms online, and the management immediately sent an email notifying us that our request for rooms together would be accommodated. The rooms were clean and comfortable, with good air conditioning. The hotel provide free wireless internet with 2 stations in the lobby for guests. The location is very good, you can walk to the Eiffel Tower, there are great restaurants and bakeries on Rue Cler on the next block, and the Metro stop is close by. We would definitely stay here again (and I hope we get the chance!)  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveller30
<Content>Our little secret in Paris. Loved this hotel. I booked this hotel last February for our trip in September. We were a group of 6 and took two superior rooms and two standard rooms. Christian is valuable asset to this hotel as the service I received from the time of booking to our departure was notting short of excellant. Nothing was a problem and every email was answered in the most professional manner. The hotel is small and holds a cosy character in a beautiful area of Paris. Our room was on the 5th Floor and was a very good size. The beds are very comfortable and the decor was gorgeous. We had a great view of the Eiffel Tower from the second floor up and what a sight it is to see it sparkling a night. The bathroom was very nice and absolutely spotless clean. Our room was cleaned every day with fresh towels replaced. Tea and coffee facilites and the flat screen tv has Sky News, Cnn and BBC. Air conditioning is available and they have fantastic free internet facilities in the lobby. The staff make this hotel, they are extremely friendly, helpfull and welcoming. Christian organised our shuttle transfer to and from the airport which was so handy, and spot on time.It is a mere 20 minute walk from Le Tour Eiffel and the Seine. The area is quaint, stylish and typical French and has a very relaxing atmosphere. There are some gorgeous restaurants and cafe's in the immediate area. It was wonderful to sit outside with a beer or glass of wine and watch the world go by.We will definately be returning to the Relais Bosquet for many years to come and I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel whether you are with friends or taking a romantic break, you will not be disappointed.I nearly don't want to tell anyone about this hotel, because I want to keep it our little secret.We just loved it and send a special thank you to the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>holidayloverFalkirk
<Content>Great little hotel Great hotel in really nice area with good access to m茅tro and nearby monuments such as Eiffel Tower and Les Invalides. Very clean and comfortable with great continental breakfast as well as polite serivice. Stayed in Room 33 (superior) which is one of largest rooms we've stayed in in Paris with great view of top of Eiffel Tower. Would not hesitate to recommend to friends.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travel_bug_europe
<Content>Book. This. Hotel. Now!       the view from the garden room  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aussiefam5
<Content>Parisian Gem We loved our stay at Hotel Relais Bosquet. We stayed in room 33 which was clean and extremely comfy even for my 6ft7 husband! Lovely view of the top of the Eiffel Tower. Great free internet access in room which enabled us to use our laptop to research excursions. Abdenore at reception was always polite and helpful, booking tours, taxis etc.Location was wonderful, we walked to Eiffel Tower, river, Champs Elysees and most sites but also near enough to Metro for tired feet at the end of the day.Particularly liked breakfast on Rue Cler, Cafe du Marche became a favourite stop. Spending time in such an amazing city as Paris was made all the more special by our excellent choice of quality but affordale accomodation at Hotel Relais Bosquet. There don't seem to be many other 3 star hotels that would have met our criteria: Clean, Comfy, Quiet, Good Location, Air-Conditioner, Lift, Metro close, Decent size room, View of Eiffel Tower, Tea and Coffee making, Refrigerator, Free WiFi access, Room safe. Highly reccomended and would love to stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>donsue1986
<Content>A wonderful "home-away-from-home" The Hotel Relais Bousquet was simply charming. Cozy and extremely clean. Nice reception area. Elevator available to upper floors (although it is extemely small). Room was nice. Had light blocking shades (nice for an afternoon nap!). Had A/C (a real find in Paris!!). If you use the Rick Steve site, you get free breakfast! We didn't know that until the day we checked out. Great area. Lots of wonderful cafes and groceries. Walking distance to Eiffel Tower (great night light show). Convenient to Metro (L'ecole militaire). A wonderful hotel. We'd go back !!!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bnparks
<Content>Great Hotel in Paris A wonderful Hotel located centrally in Paris. Great charm within, quite neighbourhood, and good restaurants nearby as well as other amenities such a laundry. Compliments to Christian as he is a great help both during all our booking questions and during our stay. Highly recommend a stay at the Hotel Relais Bosquet!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>enjoytravel_8
<Content>Charming Hotel in quiet part of Paris We stayed at Hotel Relais Bosquet during September 2005. It was our first trip to Paris and we thoroughly enjoyed staying at this charming hotel. The size of the room was adequate. The hotel staff was very friendly and informative. I especially liked the location of this hotel. It was in Rue Cler area and we enjoyed the short walking distance away from the Eiffel Tower. We walked to the Eiffel Tower in the evening couple times to enjoy the beautiful lights! There is a great cute bistro down the street called Cafe du Marche as well as assortment of bakeries, chocolatier, and other great eateries down the street.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>brianc_li
<Content>Great Little hotel Stayed here based on the positive TA reviews and was not dissapointed.The hotel is in, what to me is the nicest part of Paris, the 7th Arrondissment. The area, whilst close to many of the towns main tourist sites, retains a charm an a residential feel to it which is missing in many other parts of the city.It is an upper end, three star, property. We were in a standard room, no. 34. It was spotlessly clean and very well equipped with, amongst other things, air conditioning, a mini bar, flat screen TV and safe. It wasn麓t particularly large but perfectly adequate for the two of us. The bathroom was a decent size with a good powerful shower in the smallish bath tub, adequate toiletries and big, fluffy towels. Free internet access in the lobby was a nice added touch.This is not ,by any means, a super deluxe hotel. Don麓t expect a doorman, 24 hour room service, etc. That said, it is clean, friendly and very comfortable. It fully deserves is high rating in the TA reviews.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>daisymaescragg
<Content>Relais Bosquet is in the center of the real Paris! I read reviews for months before choosing Relais Bosquet for our 30th anniversary and this lovely little gem did not disappoint us. Getting room #64 is worth the price of a superior room rate (195 Euro, or $300.) You truly can watch a 2/3 view of the Eiffel Tower twinkling from the bed! Of course the free use of internet in the lobby is great, but the favorite amenity for this High Ball drinking southern gal is the Ice Machine!! There is a coffee maker in the room, a refrigerator, and great A/C. The fantastic Metro is a block away, and with no longer than 5 minutes between trains, you can get anywhere in minutes. Be sure to buy 10 tickets at a time (a carnet) and you won't hav to waste a minute in this beautiful city! (aThe electric shades are loved by all, and you are right in the middle of the bustling rue Clare neighborhood. I really get weary oftravelers complaining about street noise--I would never travel without little foam earplugs. Brush up on your French,-this is truly a place the locals love, and not all the cartes (Menu) are in English, although most wait staff understand English, it is appreciated if you at least attempt a few words.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>12984736
<Content>Excellent choice for our family       out of our window down to the bakery which serves tasty quiches  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BeHappyM8
<Content>Nicest Hotel in Rue Cler area We stayed here because from our Trip Advisor Research it appeared to be the nicest of the Hotels in the Rue Cler area. And it was!From the moment Frederica welcomed us by name to the time our pick up van took us to the airport, Frederica was a welcome font of knowledge and information and maps and suggestions. And what she couldn鈥檛 help us with, the two free internet computers in the hotel鈥檚 pretty lobby solved for us.Our room a double superior room, was exactly what we were hoping for in Paris, elegantly furnished with a view of the Eiffel Tower that we marvelled at day and night. The room was ample with a big, comfortable bed, two large windows for light, a big TV, desk and room safe. The windows had electric shutters to block out the light and the noise so we slept soundly after our days of wandering the beautiful streets of Paris. The bathroom was a good size with a strong hot shower and a separate toilet in another room, almost unheard of in Europe. There was also a walk in wardrobe with an automatic light that activated as you walked past it which was particularly useful for those that need to visit the toilet in the middle of the night.Breakfast was not included but there was a bakery on the corner to the left and Rue Cler with multiple cafes and another bakery to the right. Rue Cler is just the most beautiful market street, especially on a Sunday, and definitely worth a visit. The close proximity of Relais Bosquet to the Eiffel Tower, a really good landmark to get you back home, The Ecole Militaire, the Invalides, the hop on 鈥?hop off bus, the Metro and heaps of cafes and brasseries make this an excellent yet not too touristy location.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelingWill
<Content>Wonderful stay, great location for seeing Paris The two of us stayed for a week in May 2008. The hotel is a ten-minute walk from the Eiffel Tower and the Seine. The rooms were very clean, and the staff was helpful when giving advice or making a special dinner reservation. The rooms are air conditioned, and after spending a day around the city, the cool room at night was truly welcomed. Our room's window overlooked the street, but there was little street noise. There are room-darkening shades so you can sleep in if you want.Our room was a standard room with a double bed. We didn't spend much time in the room--gone all day and in the room only for unwinding after dinner and for sleeping. With its great location and friendly staff, the hotel served its role superbly.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Elsbeth&Damian
<Content>Excellent Paris Neighbourhood Experience We booked this hotel based on the Rick Steves travel guide, and were completely satisfied with the rooms, the breakfast, the service and the helpful staff. The location alone will have us stay there again-- the Rue Cler neighbourhood isn't a touristy area, despite its proximity to major attractions. The market street is lovely to stroll, and there are great restaurants nearby.We are middle aged travelling without children, and this hotel met all of our needs.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>TravelerRocklin_CA
<Content>A Wonderful Hotel I stayed at this hotel with my husband and son. We loved this hotel. The room was very comfortable and nicely decorated, and we really appreciated the light  sound screens over the windows. The location is great and the staff are very friendly and helpful. Highly recommended! Thanks for a great stay.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>daisybelle65
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Booked this hotel based on Rick Steves Paris Tour Book. Very well located in the Rue Cler area. Very quiet location. We had a superior room on the 3rd floor with a view of the Eiffel Tower - lovely. When we checked in we mentioned Rick Steves Book and were given complimentary breakfast - saved money and was delicious. Room service of the complimentary breakfast was also included. The room and bathroom were a nice size for Europe and clean with very adequate air conditioning. It is not terribly hot in Paris but can be very muggy and humid so the air conditioning is welcome. Plus you can keep the window closed avoiding listening to the street noise. We spent 8 days there and were very comfortable. The rooms have an electric room darkening shade that is great. The only problem was that sometimes with jet lag we woke late because of the darkness. The staff was always helpful and internet access was free and very accessible in the lobby. The area has many restaurants to choose from and is within easy walking of the metro. It was also conveniently located to the #69 bus which traverses the city and all the major historical sites. We knew of this bus from reading Rick Steves book. The Eiffel Tower was about a 10-15 minute walk from the hotel and since it stays light out until 10:30 PM a late picnic at the tower was very nice after a long day sightseeing. Would definitely stay at this hotel again and thank Rick Steves for the recommendation.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Raddie28
<Content>Great Location in a Beautiful City After reading the reviews on this hotel in Paris we weren't disappointed. This hotel has a great location. We had a view from our window of the Eiffel Tower - fabulous! Just around the corner were many quaint little eateries. It was within walking distance to a few of the attractions in Paris. We stayed in a deluxe room which we found comfortable. You don't really spend alot of your time in Paris in the room anyway - if you do you may need to figure out why. I wouldn't hestitate in recommending this hotel to anyone. I will certainly be looking it up again when I revisit Paris.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ShellOb
<Content>Great hotel I stayed at Relais Bosquet with my partner early in June.The hotel is situated around the corner from one of Paris' most renowned streets, Rue Cler.Rue Cler is a cobble stoned street lined with fabulous produce stores. It really comes alive on Tuesday-Saturday where you can find great fruit/veges, deli, cheese shops, bakeries etc, as well as a few decent restaurants (Tribeca is good), and around the other corner, Bosquet is also great.I would definitely not consider eating breakfast at the hotel as it costs 15 euro per person.The room itself was small but liveable, and the bathroom was fine. The metro is about a 5 min walk from the hotel. Eiffel Tower is 10 mins walk from the hotel. The metro is a breeze, and is a great  efficient way to get around the city.I would definitely stay at Relais Bosquet again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>SusanLLosAngeles
<Content>Great Small Hotel We spent 5 nights at the Hotel Relais Bosquet in one of their superior rooms. The room was a very nice size with a dresser and wardrobe for our clothes. Our room and bathroom were both very clean. The hotel provided nice bathroom amenities and there was a regular hair dryer which was great. My only very small criticism is that the housekeeping staff was not very good about replacing things, but as soon as we told the front desk it was taken care of.The breakfast buffet was wonderful and included in the special rate we got. If it had not been included it would have been 15 euros per person, pretty expensive. The buffet had juice, cereal, fresh fruit, ham and cheese, wonderful rolls, croissants and pastries and a couple of hot items. The coffee each morning was excellent . The fellow who ran the breakfast room was terrific.There is free internet access which was very nice.Everyone at the front desk was very friendly, helpful and accommodating. In particular, Frederique and Christian were outstanding. They always went the extra mile for us. For example, when Frederique checked a website for us she wasn't sure if the information was up to date so she called them and got the correct (and completely different) information. The Relais Bosquet is located right near Rue Cler which is a real neighborhood street, with lots of places to eat, and every kind of store (fruit, cheese, bakery, etc.). It's a great location, convenient to the Metro and within easy walking distance of the Eiffel Tower, Les Invalides and other sites.I would love to stay there again and would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DBooger
<Content>Great, despite a touch tired I'll echo the previous comments: outstanding daytime desk staff, fantastic location, clean rooms, surprisingly quiet given its great location. The hotel is 2 blocks west of the Rue Cler market, and several blocks north of the Ecole Militiare metro stop.I learned about the Rue Cler market AFTER arrival: it is basically a 2 - 3 block (mostly) pedestrian mall with prepared food, groceries, bakeries, wine shops, flowers, etc. This area seems to get a LOT of English-speaking tourist traffic, which made me happy. I tried my pidgeon French, and most vendors happily switched to English. We picniced in our room once for lunch, once for dinner.Don't be put off by the lobby or the rooms, which could use a little cosmetic freshening.The daytime desk staff is wonderful, warm and helpful. The night desk staff is adequate, but polite. If you need special assistance, get it done between 9 a.m. and 5 p.m.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>barley5
<Content>Lovely Hotel - Nice Location We stayed in the Hotel Relais Bosquet our last night in France, and by the time we got there, we were very tired. Fortunately, the bed was plenty big enough for us (two fairly large people) and the hotel room was large and pleasantly decorated. We could see the top of the Eiffel tower from our room, and it was a short walk to see it. Breakfast was a bit expensive, but it was very good. There was a problem with our reservation, they had us down for the wrong day, but it was corrected and we were given our room in a reasonable amount of time. On the day we were checking out, we weren't leaving until later in the day, the hotel nicely allowed us to store our luggage until we were ready to go, about 3 in the afternoon. After we returned home, I was charged a fee for not showing up on the day they thought we had made our reservation for...one phone call cleared the situation up with their apologies.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Paris.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lmllvm
<Content>My Paris Hotel! I loved this hotel! Whenever I go to Paris, I will stay there. It is not very big nor is it very fancy but it is in a perfect location. It is close to all forms of transportation and within walking distance of quite a few popular sites. The rooms are small but very neat and clean. The beds are WONDERFUL! I had never slept on a springless mattress and I want one! The staff was excellent! I love them! They were so helpful and fun. We laughed with them all the time.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JeffreyN
<Content>Absolutely wonderful in every respect. Loved the Relais Bosquet. This clean, charming, small hotel is located right in the heart of the 7th arrondisemont and adjacent to the Rue Cler market. The hotel is upscale and professional in every respect. It actually exceeded our expectations, and this was our 4th visit to beautiful Paris. The staff of Girard, Christian and Frederica are very professional and helpful. The superior room was spacious by European standards and the bed was firmer and newer than our bed at home. The room was cleaned and kept immaculate every day. We stayed 7 days. Each day we enjoyed the excellent breakfast and coffee, which other reviewers under-rate. Of course we received the breakfast for free, because we found the hotel through Rick Steves recommendation. We had a nice view of the Eiffel Tower, convenient internet access for our email, and wide screen TV. The bathroom was also very good with everything you need. See if you can request room 64, it is perfect. In summary, this hotel deserves all the high praise it receives. We intend to return to the Relais Bosquet on our next trip to Paris.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rji1962
<Content>Perfect location We stayed here for 3 nights last week. This is the perfect little hotel to stay in central Paris. It belies its rating as a 3 star. Free internet, flat screen tv with english news channels and Villeroy and Boch crockery in the rooms are not to be found in comparable hotels elsewhere. The rooms, whilst small, are impecably clean (more so than many 5 star hotels we have been to in other parts of the world). Its location next to the Rue Cler, metro and walking distance of the Eiffel Tower, Invalides and Rodin Musuem make it very well placed. The italian restaurant along the Rue do Champ d De Mer is very good, esp if you are a veggie.The most important thing however, is the front desk team's care. Unfortunately another guest somehow checked out with one of our bags but the front desk team were hugely embarrased. Accordingly, not only did they compensate us for this (without us asking or expecting) but they traced the bag and send it on to us in the UK, no doubt at quite a cost to them. Personally, I think that is exceptional service.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CaliforniaFrank
<Content>Great Hotel and Friendly Staff We stayed at the Relais Bosquet for 3 nights in May. We have stayed in Paris other times and this was our best lodging. It is conviently located in the Rue Cler area. Close to the Eiffel Tower and shops and restaurants an easy walk. Free internet, and air conditioning, and as other people have mentioned the electric shades to darken the room.Staff was always available and courteous.Highly reccommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Sandra909
<Content>Live like a Parisian! We stayed here for 4 days in May 2008 for our first trip to Paris. At first glance the hotel felt small and maybe a tad worn around the edges, but within a few days the nice location and great staff had won me over completely and I would gladly stay here again. The hotel was quiet, comfortable, and clean. Our room looked over the small courtyard and we never heard any traffic or noise. The small frig in the room was great for storing our purchases from the Rue Cler market street (that is just as cute as the pictures show) and from the fresh bread bakery next door. It was nice to stay in a small hotel with local flavor that didn't feel like a chain hotel. The neighborhood is safe and clean. Metro is located 1 block away and Rue Cler is on the corner. The Eiffel tower is also a short walk away. Free internet terminals in the lobby.The staff was also very helpful. They helped us locate a lost piece of luggage, gave us maps and directions, recommended restaurants, and were able to book a last minute shuttle to the airport.The hotel was great to come home to after a long day of sightseeing. In fact, we spent one rainy day just hanging out in the neighborhood because it was too perfect to leave. You will quickly get into the habit of going to the bakery for bread in the morning, buying fresh fruit on Rue Cler, and greeting the locals as you head back to your hotel or sit at one of the many cafe's in the neighborhood.Some people may find the neighborhood too quiet, or may expect more amenities from a hotel, but for us it turned out to be just right and far away from the tourist crowds, which is just what we wanted.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mssavion
<Content>Just delightful! From the moment we walked into the Relais Bosquet lobby, we knew that we were going to have a great time. Christian was there to greet us, and he even remembered me from our emails when booking the room. He gave us a good map, showed us the two computers for our use, explained where the bus and subways were, and all in all, made us feel quite welcome. The room was just fine, we faced the street, and could see the Eiffel tower, it was so lovely all lit up at night! The beds were comfortable and we liked all the shelf space in the bathroom....the most space we had during our 16 day trip through Italy and Paris. The shower was a bit tight, and I am a small woman, so a larger person might find it a bit difficult to shower without banging into the glass doors, which by the way, only covered half of the tub. Did not bother us, as the nice-sized bathroom made up for it. The breakfast was terrific, eggs, meats, cheeses, and wonderful pastry. Leo made me delicious hot chocolate every morning, and he was oh so French!!! You will not be sorry staying at this hotel, clean, well located, and a great staff...enjoy!  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlbertaMartini
<Content>Loved this quaint hotel Booked this hotel based on the great Trip Advisor reviews. We were very happy with our rooms. It was our first trip to France (mom and her 3 daughters). Were excited to look out the window and see our first glimpse of Eiffel Tower. Read about Rue Cler on internet and found it a great place to stock up on our first evening feast of cheese, bread and vin. Was wonderful. Wine glasses and corkscrew were supplied in room. Also coffee and tea for morning (and candy dish). Room was spotless and staff were excellent. Great location for Eiffel Tower and lots of restaurants in neighbourhood. Didn't have breakfast at hotel, instead went to cafe on corner. Used shuttle Francesca from the hotel arranged for us to get from airport. That worked great. Loved how the rooms were decorated. Very good value.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lizzy309
<Content>Nice location, Great Service       front of the hotel  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>KristaInLondon
<Content>A Nice Touist-Class Hotel Stayed here based on reviews on the site. My goal was to stay at a nice place at less than 200 euros a night. My single was 155 euros, I think my aunt and uncle paid 185 euros for their double. Location: I loved Rue Cler. Come out of the hotel and go right. There's a grocery store right there. Then, at the corner--cafe on each side--there's a great pedestrian foodie street. Bakeries, fruit stalls, really great looking Italian butcher, and more. Some great photo opps and just a peaceful place to hang given the lack of traffic.I did not use the Metro this time, so I can't comment on proximity to Metro stations. It's about a 10-15 minute walk to the Eiffel Tower. And 10 to 15 mins to the Seine.Rooms: They are neat and tidy. Nothing fantastic. They have Air Conditioning. Also, if you bring your laptop, they'll give you a code for free wireless. There are also two PCs in the lobby, which I thought was a nice touch. One thing I liked about the rooms is that they'd given some thought as to how to prevent wear and tear on the walls...for example, on the floor behind the nightstands, there were wooden blocks to prevent the furniture from hitting the wall and leaving marks all the time.Breakfast was not included in my rate and was 15 euros. As per previous, there are lots of cafes in the area, so you can do cheaper somewhere else. (But as my uncle pointed out, you have to wait for someone to serve you somewhere else. The buffet might be nice if you're in a hurry.)All in all, I couldn't fault the Relais Bosquet. It's a nice place. If you're looking for something trendy or really modern and brand new, this isn't the place for you. (Try the Duret, which I've stayed in previously and although it's not super-central, I like the modern feel of the rooms.) But if you're looking for some place clean and tidy and friendly, the Relais Bosquet is a very solid choice.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>MATOA
<Content>Excellent Stay We found out about the hotel on trip advisor. We decided to go there based on the favourable reviews. We were not disapponted. Rooms were very clean and tidy, the windows and the rolling shutters kept out noise and light during the night.The staff was very friendly and willing to help.I would definetely recommend it.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kmjlhs
<Content>Great Location, Good Hotel       Hotel Relais Bosquet - Front View  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Busmantoo
<Content>It's not in the top ten for nothing! Maybe there's no such thing as the perfect hotel in Paris, due to price, demand and so on - but this little gem gets pretty close. If you're wanting value for money then this is the one for you. It doesn't have all the amenities of the big boys but it doesn't charge top dollar either. Go on their website and book at special rates 72 hours before your stay. The breakfast is acceptable, the rooms VERY clean and comfortable but not large. Located 10 minutes from the Eiffel Tower (we found it sparkling at us through the window when we arrived late at night!) there are several good restaurants nearby and it's close to one of the city tour bus routes. If we went back to Paris we'd stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>YorkshireUKtraveller
<Content>Lots good, nothing to complain about, but lacked French ambience Stayed 3 nights in April, booked over the web. Everything very efficient. Staff were very helpful and spoke excellent English, which is a shame if you are trying to improve your less than perfect French, but useful!We stayed in a standard room on the ground floor. It was spotlessly clean, well equipped and reasonably sized, despite a pillar in the middle of the room.The shutters were excellent at blocking out light and noise, although we found it very quiet anyway. The bed was quite hard for our taste though and not particularly comfortable.We did not eat breakfast at the hotel as at 15 Euros it was expensive and there are several much cheaper options nearby on Rue Cler. Hotel is convenient for places to eat and access to Metro at Ecole Militaire.However, not sure I would choose to stay here again. It was on the highish side pricewise for what is a 3 star hotel, and although there was nothing to complain about, it seemed to me to lack a French ambience. Inside the hotel it could have been anywhere really.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Happyhubby&Daddy
<Content>Pretty good if you are a heavy sleeper As my favorite hotel was fully booked, I tried the Relais Bosquet as it was located to where I needed to be albeit a bit more expensive. The rooms are small but adequate. Skip the 15 euro breakfast and walk out of the hotel, turn left, walk 15 steps and you are at a wonderful bakery! Walk to Rue Cler for coffee at any number of cafe's.The rooms are very clean, and the bathrooms are updated. The free Wi-Fi works great..I never turned on the tv. The shutters do a great job of keeping out the light. My work in Paris kept me out until usually midnight, so I wanted to sleep in until at least 9 a.m. This is where the hotel loses points. The doors are very heavy and start slamming at around 7:00 a.m. They are very loud and woke me up each morning.My other complaint is that the night desk people are uninpsired to help customers. They are there because they have to be. Not even a good evening when I came in at night. On the other hand, Christian and Frederica were very helpful.I would suggest another hotel if you want to sleep past 7:00. If you want to get up early, and hit the sites, the hotel is adequate.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	5	2	5	

<Author>khuuger
<Content>Wonderful stay... wish it was longer!       The bed and free wireless internet  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Tomtravel23
<Content>Enjoyed the Relais Bosquet We booked the Relais Bosquet based on the tripadvisor recommendations and it met our expectations. The hotel is very low key. The staff was professional, could converse in English, and was pleased to help. Having two computers in the lobby for checking email was a real plus (but getting comfortable with the French keyboard took some time). The electric shutters on the windows were very effective in shutting out the light and outside noise. While our bed was comfortable and the bathroom large by European standards, the room itself was nothing to write home about. The neighborhood is very nice, but predominately residential, so don't expect a nightlife hotbed. You are two minutes away from a Metro stop (with a classy Lenotre shop close by) and only ten minutes from the Eiffel Tower. Strolling the nearby Rue Cler was a nice plus for our stay.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>shirley24
<Content>Delghtful and Perfect This was a fantastic little boutique hotel in Paris. The neighborhood is very safe and convenient to everything. The Rue Cler market is fantastic and all the coffee shops were great for people watching as well as eating or drinking. Most of the staff was very helpful with the exception of the night clerk. This place was very clean. I would stay here in a heartbeat again close to Eiffel Tower, Metro, etc. Do be sure to go see the Louve Museum and the River Seine tour boat is great and very reasonable. We went at about 5:00pm not dark yet and could take good pictures and the lights are fantastic at night. Dress warm as if you sit outside you can see more.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>kelloggy
<Content>Great little hotel in fab location I tok my 10 year old daughter to Paris this Easter weekend. Read the Trip Advisor reviews of this hotel and decided to book. Really glad I did. Hotel was in a perfect location - 2 mins from Metro, 10 min walk to Eiffel Tower and Invalides. Round the corner from Rue Cler. We took a leisurely 30 min walk to the Musee D'Orsay and Louvre. Hotel itself was small, unpretentious and very friendly. Our room had a view of the Tower, which my daughter just loved. Would not hesitate to go there again.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Philbarford
<Content>Great Location The hotel was well placed and Room 43, our room, had a magnificent view of the Eiffel Tower. Rue Cler is a fantastic road to have lunch. The hotel room (Superior) was very clean, larger than expected, and quiet. The staff were friendly and the area was safe to walk at night. If you get the chance, and can afford it, head off to Bobino's for the night, as it will make your weekend! A great show! We will be booking this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Sancerre_Lee
<Content>Our new favorite hotel in Paris We like to stay in the 7th when we're in Paris and have stayed in a number of different hotels there. After our recent visit, Hotel Relais Bosquet is our new favorite. The location is perfect for us: near the Ecole Militaire metro station, rue Cler, many wonderful restaurants, the Eiffel Tower and all the other sights. Our room (superior) was large, freshly decorated and very clean. If your French is less than parfait, the staff speaks English and, when we were there, most of the guests were American.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Chaasema
<Content>Great value I spent a long weekend in Paris with a few friends and stayed at this hotel. It was everything you could ask for -- very clean, central with good metro access, great neighborhood, etc. The little markets and restaurants nearby were fantastic. All in all, a great stay for great value. I highly recommend this hotel and will definitely stay here again when I return to Paris.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>downstream23
<Content>Lived Up To Reviews I travel often to Paris on business, and like to try different hotels. Normally I stay in either the L'Opera area (our company headquarters in located in the 9th), or the Left Bank, and take the metro. I read all of the favorable comments on the Hotel Relais Bosquet, and decided to give it a try. I stayed for 4 nights and couldn't be more pleased. The room was larger than most other boutique hotels, with a large plasma screen tv and a much larger bathroom than I was accustomed to. The staff was friendly, the breakfast was much better than most (included scrambled eggs as well as the normal French breakfast), and the location near rue Cler and the Eiffel Tower was great. Also, the Ecole Militaire metro (#8 line) is just 2 blocks away, and a 10-minute ride to L'Opera, or a 2-minute ride to the connection to the Latin Quarter on the 10 line - very convenient.If there's any downside, it is that the hotel is not in the middle of all the activity and restaurants of the Latin Quarter/St. Germaine area, where I also stay. However, for many this would be an advantage.Great place!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AndrewCYorkshire
<Content>Delightful place Having been fooled into booking a hotel on Rue Valadon we were obliged to look elsewhere after one night and my wife found this fantastic place around the corner. We paid a little extra for a superior room and it was worth the money. The room was a decent size and very clean with a proper bath in the bathroom. 15 euro for breakfast was steep so we went round the corner to a cafe and paid 6. It's ideal for a metro station (2 minutes) and the Eiffel Tower (10 mins). Helpful friendly staff and free wi-fi made it a very pleasant stay.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>HeikeM
<Content>Nice little hotel, great location We spent 3 days in Paris in February. It was our first stay in Paris and we were a bit anxious to find an OK hotel because we had heard that there are a lot of overpriced hotels in Paris. But he Relais Bosquet was really good. We arrived at Orly and took a taxi to the hotel. Since it was 8pm there wasn't too much traffic and we arrived after 25min. The taxi only cost 25 Euros (plus 2 Euros for each suitcase). The people at the reception were quite efficient and we immediately got our key. The room was a bit on the small side, but tasetfully decorated. The bathroom was very clean and toiletries like shower gel. shampoo, body lotion etc. were provided. The best thing was that we could see the Eiffel tower from our window even though we didn't book a superior room!When we asked for a restaurant, the people at the reception recommended The Bosquet which is just opposite the hotel. The waiters all speak Englishand I got the impression that there are a lot of English-speaking tourists at the hotel and the restaurant. There is also a very nice restaurant at Ave Bosquet - Nabuchodonosor, which serves fantastic French food.The location was excellent - just 10min away from the Eiffel tour. If you like long walks then it's possible to walk to all the main attractions. We would definitely stay again at the Relais Bosquet.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IpswichBlonde1
<Content>Fantastic Hotel in a Great location We booked this hotel having seen the positive reviews on this website and we were not disappointed. The hotel is in a great location easily accessible by the metro or on foot. Our room was large , clean and comfortable. The staff in the hotel were very helpful and although relatively expensive breakfast in the hotel offered a good variety of food.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>ClevelandBuckeye
<Content>Great Clean Hotel We just returned from a stay at Hotel Relais Bosquet. Like most reviewers said this hotel has a unique location, walking distance to Eiffel Tower (5-7 minutes), Metro or bus ride to almost all other main attractions( 20 Minutes), and located in Rue Cler neighborhood. The Hotel is clean, staff is helpful, and the rooms were a decent size for European hotel (room 23). People in other reviews complained about the hard bed but to be honest although it was hard we had no issues with the bed. The view from our room of effiel tower minimal but if we stuck our head out the window we could see the top sticking out. Rue Cler has plenty of bakeries and cafes for cappacino we did not do the breakfast at hotel. The hotel staff recommended some excellent neighborhood restaurants with traditinal French food. The Metro is awesome way to get around city if you need help go to subwaynavigator.com hotel stop is Ecole Militaire. This was my wife and mine first visit to Paris. Paris is by far my favorite city have fun and enjoy you can't go wrong with Hotel Relais Bosquet.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RKPT
<Content>Superb Excellent hotel and in a lovely area. Loved the hotel and had a room which had everything we required. Very helpful staff and we could not fault our stay. Great shops and market very close by. Will hopefully be returning next year and will make a point of staying at this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gasheads
<Content>Great value, superb location My wife and I booked a 3 night stay after reading the great reviews on Trip Advisor and we certainly were not disappointed with our first visit to Paris. We travelled by Metro to and from CDG Airport which is relatively straightforward and much cheaper than by taxi or shuttle. If your thinking of using the Metro then take RER B to Saint-Michel Notre Dame, switching to RER C. Take RER C to Invalides where you can then hop onto the Metro line 8 to Ecole Militaire. However the metro only runs from 5.45 so no good for early flights.The location is just perfect and the main attractions are easily accessable, and if you don't fancy long, brisk walks then Metro is just yards away.We paid an extra 鈧?0 for a supreme room and it was spacious, well equipped, warm and very clean. Contrary to some opinion we also thought the bed was comfortable. The staff are very friendly, speak good English and are always on hand if needed.We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel due to the massively inflated price and there are plenty of cheaper places to eat if you look. We just loved the little patisserie a few doors down. The local restraunts didn't blow us away with their quality but were reasonably good value and staff were polite, however vegetarians be aware as you may be restricted to salad.Overall, I can't recommend this hotel enough especially if it's your first visit to Paris. It's in a lovely part of Paris and we always felt safe and welcome. We would definately consider it in future.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>graycee_nf
<Content>Birthday to Remember My husband took me to Paris for my Birthday and we stayed at the charming Hotel Relais Bosquet. Frederica, front desk staff at the hotel was very helpful with suggesting 2 wonderful restaurants. We wanted to stay within the neighborhood and she recommended, L'Affriole and Floramond. Each very good and the service good at LAffriole, but superior at Floramond. We enjoyed our dinner with residents from the local neighborhoods.The rooms at the hotel were large compared to European standards and we stayed in a nonsmoking room as requested. The breakfast that is offered is fair, but Rue de Cler offers more.Rue de Cler was fun with its various stores still carefully displaying the winter fruits and vegetables, local fish, bread-- on tables in front of the shops.Reaching the hotel was easy by bus from the airport to the Opera Metro stop and then the purple line to L'Ecolie de Militaire. I would warn those with large bags that the Paris Metro does not have escalators going up and down, usually only up. Local attractions from the Hotel include a short ten minute walk from the Eiffel Tower and then catch the Hop on Hop off Red Bus. We have the Red Bus to be quick way to see the highlights of a city if you have limited time.Again-would highly recommend the Hotel Relais  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NST45
<Content>Wonderful little hotel! Booked this hotel for myself and 3 friends after discovering (through TripAdvisor) horrendous reviews on the other place we'd booked (Hotel Merryl). A work colleague of my husband recommended it having stayed there for a while before moving to Paris.What a great little place - the room was spacious, well decorated and very clean. Comfy bed too. The bathroom was sparkling clean, had crisp white towels  a basket of shower gel, shoe shine, etc. There was a kettle  tea/coffee etc on a tray, which was welcome in the morning! The staff were friendly and helpful. And free wi-fi too!We didn't eat breakfast there, as on the corner next to the hotel was a great little patisserie.Definitely would recommend this place to anyone wanting a weekend (or longer) in Paris! The hotel is tucked down a quiet street, about a 5 minute (or less) stroll to the Eiffel Tower.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Geobyr27
<Content>Wonderful and delightful hotel We have 3 wonderful days at this hotel in a quick visit to veryromantic Paris. It is in a very good area although a little expensive is worth extra money. We enjoy very much Frenchfood and excellent wines. Paris is a beautiful city and the hotel will give you good information on how to travel around withoutcar. We highly say you must stay here if you go to Paris. My English born wife is very happy here.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OspreyFL
<Content>Excellent stay       Comfortable bed  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tm68
<Content>Home away from home... I would like to start by stating that I have been to Paris many times, and found this little treasure of a hotel through America's favorite travel guide, Rick Steve's in his Paris 2007 guidebook. I called to make reservations, and the person on the other end was very fluent in English and very happy to take our reservation. It was the next day that we received an email from Relais-Bosquet thanking us for considering them, and to please let them know if we needed any help with dinner or tours. We accepted their help for dinner, and we were never disappointed. On the contrary, we were blown away. I have to say that as an American, name dropping goes a long way. When we showed up for dinner, and dropped Frederiques name from the hotel, they rolled out the carpet for us. I have to say that has never happened to me ever in Paris. The rooms are bright, spacious and have wonderful windows that open out. We had a beautiful view of the Eiffel Tower. There were two PC's in the lobby that had free high speed internet access. We were close to the metro and centrally located. There hotel is located in the quaint Rue Cler district. Just around the corner you are surrounded by bakeries, a fromagerie, a wine store, a market, a fruit market, and a chocolate shop. What more can you ask for? This hotel added to the whole Paris experience, because you could come home at night and ask all of the embarrassing questions without fear. We bought a phone card that had instructions only in French. The wonderful front desk person was so kind as to go through the whole auto-prompting and walked me through it. We will definitely go back to Paris, and the Relais-Bosquet will definitely be a part of our experience. Make sure you ask for Frederique...!!!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JBMaryland
<Content>Well run hotel I choose this hotel after reading reviews at Trip Advisor, and we weren't disappointed. It's a great location, close to the metro and walking distance to a number of sites, Eiffel Tower, Invalides, etc. There's a good sized supermarket nearby, tons of restaurants and cafes to choose from, and a great baker on the corner. The hotel staff was very friendly, and everyone spoke English.I was a little shocked by how tiny the room was, but it was clean and quiet. There was a second door to the hall that we closed at night, and there was an electric shutter on the windows to drown out sound and light from outside. This was a great feature as we had jet lag most of the week.There was free WIFI, a flat screened TV with some English language programs such as CNN and Skynews. There was a frig in the room, wine glasses and a corkscrew (which I thought was a nice touch). The maid service seemed to be invisible.We stayed 5 nights, and would have extended our stay another 2 nights, but the hotel was booked. We didn't realize how good we had it until we moved to a new hotel which was an absolutely horrible experience (and twice the price).  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maddyHampshire
<Content>lovely hotel hotel relais bosquet is lovely. we spent last weekend in paris and we were not disappointed with this hotel. we booked an executive room, which seemed to be little different from the standard rooms except it was bigger, so if you're not bothered about size of the room, go for standard. the hotel is quiet, spotlessly clean, and well located, near the eiffel tower, and close to many brasseries and places to eat. we didn't bother with breakfast as it was not included in the room rate, there were plenty of places close by to get breakfast. we chose a lovely little brasserie about five minutes walk away. our experience at this hotel was very positive and i would recommend it as a an ideal base for visiting the sights of paris.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>AUSSIETRAVELLER23_8
<Content>Outstanding value Having arrived on a rainy day from London this hotel was a welcome relief after the shoebox i stayed in in London. Could not have been happier with location,service and room was excellent, i have to add the external shutters are a godsend for weary travellers who may want a sleep in as they cut out all noise and light making life very comfortable.Free access to internet and within walking distance of some fabulous food outlets Hotel Bosquet will fill my head with pleasant experiences everytime i think of my time in Paris.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DJJones
<Content>Great Location - nice hotel The Hotel Relais Bosquet is just a stones throw from the Eiffel Tower. It is conveniently located for the Metro station at Les Invalides and you can be at any of the central Paris landmarks within 2 or 3 stops on the Metro or within 20 minutes if walking. The Hotel itself is clean, pleasant and represents good value for money. The rooms are not huge, but then this is Paris! The bathroom was functional and clean with a good range of complimentary toiletries and a hairdryer. The rooms also had irons and ironing boards as well as coffee making facilities and a mini-bar. The reception area downstairs was well appointed with complimentary newspapers (English and American) and free Internet access. The reception staff were helpful and knowledgeable. If you want a good standard hotel which is ideally placed then this is the Hotel for you. I would definitely return.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vivelaweekend!
<Content>Lovely hotel and neighbourhood We checked in on a rainy friday early afternoon for a long weekend break and were delighted that the positive reviews for this hotel were very accurate. I have stayed in a few hotels in Paris before for both business and leisure and have found this one to be excellent value for money and based in a great neighbourhood.The hotel is based in 2 buildings (one behind the other, linked by a small corridor). The hotel is based on a quiet road, just 1 minute from Rue de Cler, a wonderful, bustling, pedestrianised street, full of fromageries, fine foods, fruit and veg shops, and cafes and restaurants (excellent choices for morning croissants and coffee). The hotel is 5 minutes walk from Ecole Militaire metro, which means there is only 1 change (at Srasbourg St Denis) if you are travelling on the Eurostar from Gare du Nord. Furthermore the hotel is only 10-15 minutes walk to the Seine and 2 minutes from Rue St.Dominique, with its good restaurants, boulangeries and shoe shops, that leads you down to the Boulevard St Germain with its upscale swanky shopping options.The hotel rooms are nicely decorated, clean and spacious, and ours, though it was on the top floor in the attic, didnt have a restrictive ceiling height. Our room had a plasma screen with satellite channels and a partial view of the Eiffel Tower (the tower's lights flash for 10 minutes on each hour during the night!) and a well stocked mini bar and tea/coffee facilities. The bathroom was clean and bright, with lush white fluffy towels provided, with the only mini-gripe being that the water pressure in the shower was rather low.The staff on the desk were very helpful with directions and restaurant recommendations, and very accommodating (they kindly stored our fromage in their fridge on our last day, until we were ready to leave).I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone looking for good value for money and a quiet, central location.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jpk2412
<Content>Brilliant in every respect Fantastic little hotel in a typical Parisien area with a local steet market and plenty of local cafes and stalls, local tube about 2 mins walk.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ilmanrd
<Content>Excellent Location We stayed at the Hotel Relais Bosquet in May of 2006, based upon recommendations from our Rick Steves tour book. The hotel is clean, spacious and the electric darkening blinds are great. The hotel is located in the Rue Cler neighborhood which is walking distance to Eiffel Tower, Napoleon鈥檚 tomb, the Seine and the Orsay and Rodin museums. The metro station is around the corner and the street outside the front door is lined with caf茅鈥檚, restaurants and shops.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>snafu
<Content>Good value for Paris       The obligatory Eiffel Tower photo  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DonegalDoll
<Content>Great value for money Picked the relais bosquet based on the tripadvisor rating (14/1735 hotels). Had to make changes to the booking twice and Christian at reception could not have been more helpful. He was also great for restaurant recommendations, the restaurants got better every night. All the other staff were just as pleasant  helpful, I just don't know their names.Very close to the eiffel tower. Metro strike on that w-end but well able to sightsee by walking from the hotel. Good sized rooms, big bathroom, v quiet electric shutters for light control, comfortable bed with cable tv (2 english channels). Didn't bother with breakfast as there is the most beautiful little pedestrian street full of eating established the end of the Rue du Champs de Mars.3 nights for 鈧?80 pps was really great value and I would recommend it for anyone  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PeteG13
<Content>Superb hotel in ideal location We stayed at the Relais Bosquet for Christmas and we were not disappointed. Based on the reviews from this site and the price of the rooms we chose this hotel. Extremely convenient and they provide many services. Rooms are very clean and an excellent size for european standards. Bathtub was a huge plus as we travelled with a 18 month old baby and she loved her nightly baths. Free wireless internet in the rooms plus internet downstairs if you didn't bring your laptop. I did all my research for our next excersion in the rooms and then we would set out. The metro is around the corner. If you exit the hotel and turn right you'll find a grocery store and then a walking street that has excellent selections for food....ie. chinese takeout, italian delivery, Cafe Du Marche, pastries. If I do return to Paris I will again book this hotel if its available.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>IndigoC
<Content>Charming small hotel A lovely place to stay, close to everything. The staff was courteous, the rooms were clean. Half a block away is a wonderful walking street closed to traffic; cheese shops, greengrocers, etc. Bed was a little hard. I'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>NateK
<Content>My 2 cents I have to agree with all of the reviews. This is the perfect hotel for a short stay in Paris. The rooms are clean and nice, but the real draw is its location. Perfectly situated and within walking distance of all major attractions. It's also was block away from the Rue Clar, which is a foot traffic only street. The street is lined with cafe's, restaurants, and cheese/wine shops. My wife and I are taking a 4 month round-the-world trip starting January and changed our itinerary in order to make a 3 day stop in Paris. This hotel is one reason it's easy to justify going back.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>edinburghedge
<Content>Many good things... and one bad. We booked our three night stay, Novermber 28-30, at the Relais Bosqueton Expedia.co.uk and got a terrific deal of 拢90 per night. I arrived at the hotel, (ahead of my other half travelling from Edinburgh), at approximately 8:00am after a flight from the United States. I was grateful for the effort made by the staff to get me into our room very early. Cab fare from Charles De Gaulle during morning rush hour was approximately 拢35. Room #45 is a standard room and for the most part it resembled the photo on the hotel's website. It was snug but not as small as some of the European rooms I've stayed in; we had no problem stashing our luggage out of the way. The view of the Eiffel Tower and the Rue du Champs de Mars, decorated for Christmas, was picture postcard pretty. The window was outfitted with an electric shutter which came in handy when we wanted to block out the noise from the street below. The room contained two small twin beds pushed together, a wooden wardrobe which stored an iron and ironing board andextra blankets, a small desk and chair, a mini bar with plenty of space to store our own water and snacks, and a working safe. Everything was clean and well presented. The bathroom was small but equipped with a full bath/shower and the standard ameneties. The towels were large and decent quality and there was plenty of hot waterand good water pressure at all times. One of the nicer things on offeris the use of the free internet access in the lobby. If you've never pecked out an e-mail on a French keyboard, (I hadn't), prepare to be amused. The hotel sits in a charming neighborhood with a range of goodcafes, bars and restaurants nearby. The Cafe Champs de Mars, just doors down from the hotel, was the perfect spot for a late meal after a night of pub crawling in Le Marais. The metro station and post office are within easy walking distance. The hotel staff both at reception and housekeeping are accomodating, friendly and professional. We didn't eat breakfast in the hotel so I can't comment on the food service. We enjoyed so many things about this wonderful little hotel but we did have one rather significant problem...we foundthe beds to be extremely uncomfortable. We loved the location, the price, the staff, the view, so many things...but we didn't sleep well.At the end of the day a good night's rest is the most important aspectof any hotel. We may choose this hotel again but we would certainly want to avoid the beds in room #45.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	-1	5	

<Author>TishIreland
<Content>Loved the Relais Bosquet Georgeous gem of a hotel. Clean, cozy room with view of the Eiffel Tower. Reasonable rates; Very central to main sights; 8 minutes to Tower, 15 to Champs Elysses/Palace. Very quaint location with lots of nice small boutiques. Ate in the Bosquet accross the street; georgeous! Staff at hotel very nice and friendly and great for tips etc. Loved it; definetly going back!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tripdenver
<Content>It's all TRUE Just got back from 8 day stay at Relais Bosquet. IT WAS WONDERFUL. Room great, Eiffel Tower view great, people (esp. Christian) great. Boulangerie next door is excellent for pain aux raisins and pain au lait. Location cannot be beat. STAY HERE!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RhodaSanDiego_CA
<Content>Loved this little hotel This is a gem of a hotel. I read about it in Rick Stevens book and my daughter and I had a great experience. The staff speaks English and were very helpful. We were there during the San Diego fires and were able to keep in contact with our home by the free internet. Breakfast was great. Location was great. We couldn't have picked a better place.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelgirl80
<Content>We felt like Parisians! This hotel is very charming, with the location being the greatest asset! We loved feeling like we were in a local area, with the street market and wonderful cafes around. Also, the metro stop is just around the corner so it is convenient to get other places as well. It is clean, with wonderful staff who were very helpful . The only problem we had was leaving at 4 a.m to catch a flight and trying to communicate with the night front desk clerk (his english was a lot more limited than other workers) as to why our taxi we had asked him to reserve was not there. We were getting frustrated, and unable to hail one that early in the morning, when he finally communicated to us that he had spoken with the company and one was on the way (although 45 min late). He zoomed us to the airport so it all worked out fine!The rooms are clean and sort of bed-and-breakfastish...not near as modern as all the other hotels we stayed at in Europe that had flat screens and modern furnishings but very clean and well taken care of. There was a strong smoke smell one night so we feared the place was on fire, but that same hotel clerk told us it was from another apartment next door or something.... The highlight of our room was the view! We requested an Eiffel Tower view so we could lay in bed and watch the Tower twinkle on the hour! This was one of the highlights of all of Europe for me! Overall, great experience, great location, great staff, great view... definitely stay here!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>armcurl
<Content>Great Hotel, excellently located       Front Entrance  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Agile_Lapin
<Content>Very helpful! We were in Paris during the train strike. The staff could not have been more helpful in assisting us in working around the train strike and the metro delays. Rooms are nice and roomy for the price. Area is great. We'll come back.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>SimpleTraveller_7
<Content>This is a wonderful hotel This is a wonderful hotel. Rooms are quiet, comfortable and medium-sized and the service is very good . Quite close the Eiffel Tower and not expensive if compared with the average fare of Paris hotels.We will be back.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Antheia
<Content>Great Room, Fantastic Bathroom! Hotel Relais Bosquet provided the necessities for me to have an enjoyable holiday. Very clean room, great sheets (soft, white clean), very clean bathroom, nice clean towels.The room has new carpeting and appears to be recently upgraded. It is very simple but tasteful decor, bright yellows and greens. It is exactly what I was looking for. The room was a good size as well, with ample closet space. I enjoyed fresh pastries every day just a few doors from the hotel is a great Patisserie. The restaurant Le Bosquet 1/2 a block away, has great meals, breakfast too. There are two computers in the lobby and free WI FI. The staff are helpful and kind. I enjoyed my stay and would not hesitate to stay here again!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spddmn31
<Content>Great Hotel Our experience at Hotel Relais Bosquet was excellent. The hotel staff was very friendly. The breakfast was good, its worthwhile if you have a Rick Steves Tourbook (tell the hotel, breakfast is free). I don't think it is worth the 15 Euro they charge. The room size was good considering its a European hotel. The rooms were very clean. The hotel is very close to the Rue Cler markets, and an easy walk to the Eiffel Tower (10 min walk) and the metro (5 min). We would definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rebb6076
<Content>Great hotel;great location Our original plan was to stay at the Hotel Leveque on Rue Cler but I failed to properly confirm the reservation. We then selected the Relais Bosquet, and I am glad that we did. It is rather plain on the exterior but once inside, our room was very clean and well maintained. The room has a safe, small refrigerator and electronic window blinds that provided full room darkening. Best of all, we had a direct view of the Eiffel Tower from our room. It was great laying in bed and watching the twinkling light show. The hotel is a 15 minute walk to the Tower and the Seine. It is a half block from Rue Cler and the restaurants and shops (the bakery on the Corner of Rue Cler and Champ du Mars is better than the one adjacent to the hotel, in our opinion). The front staff spoke excellent English and were very helpful. In addition, there are two computers in the lobby with free access to the internet. This is a very useful tool to confirm or make reservations. The price per room was 160 euros. Well worth it in our opinion. We give this hotel as solid 5 for overall value and location. Highly recommended to others.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TP_Travel_Chronicles
<Content>Charming hotel in a great location! This is a charming hotel and we loved the location. We stayed here for 3 nights in the month of October. We had communicated withAbdennour who helped us out in booking a nice room, and withdirections as well as other information about Paris. Fredericaand other staff was very helpful too. Advantages:- Location: Very close to RER station (Pont de Alma) as well as the Ecole Militaire station which can get you to any of the big attractions even though it has just a single metro line running through it.  Rue Cler is right behind the hotel which has wonderful  fruit shops and a very nice cheese store. It also has a couple of restaurants which are above average. Rue Cler also has general grocery stores which makes it easy for you to pick up water, snacks etc. Eiffel tower is a 10 minute walk..- Staff: Helpful, not overly-friendly, but professional.- Rooms: We had heard about small rooms in Paris, but found the room to be quite well sized. Not gargantuan, but adequate. The bathroom was nice, clean.- Free internet in the front lobby and across the hotel (wi-fi) which was helpful.The only disadvantage we found was the slightly expensivebreakfast which we did not end up taking. Pain d Epis, a bakery, onAvenue Bosquet is just wonderful and is right outside thehotel when you walk towards the Ecole Militaire station. Theirbaked goods were really delicious.As a previous guest has mentioned, do your research forrestaurants. They do make good recommendations, but nothingthat would wow you away.We really liked our stay here and would love to return back.Thanks for making our stay in Paris wonderful.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dreamtrip07
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location This hotel was a great little find thanks to tripadvisor. We stayed for 4 nights, and enjoyed the location and view of the tower. The room was a good size for a European hotel and had a full bath(bath/shower combo). The hotel is a 10 minute walk from the tower and pretty convienent to the rest of Paris. It is a 10 or so minute walk to the RER station near the pont de l'alma and a 5 minute walk (past the bakery on the corner..mmmm) to the ecole militaire metro stop. In addition to all the other wonderful things about this hotel, there is free internet access in the lobby! I felt it was a great value for the money. I would stay here again and recommend it to friends and family.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Baglady_NJ
<Content>Really Perfect at this price The Hotel Relais Bosquet is in a great location if you want to stay in a more local setting. Plenty of local resonable restauants (some quite good) and a great local food market right outside the door complete with one of the most famous cheese stores in Paris right across the street, called Ann Cantin (amazing) and Lenotre pastry around the corner.We had a superior room which was very nice. Comfortable bed, nice bathroom with double sink and seperate toilet. The room has a safe and a refrigerator which comes in handy being so close to the market. Also, you are less than two short blocks from metro and great location to walk to the Eiffel Tower.The staff was exceedingly helpful during day and Frederica is a standout for help. That said two comments on the slightly negative side. First, if you are a sophisticated eater and want advice on where to eat amazing French food I suggest you do your research and have the hotel make reservations. They are not very knowledgeable about food. Second, the hotel rate does not include breakfast which is an additional 13 euros per person (common in France). While I was there I found that if you mention Rick Steves and his travel books at the time of booking, breakfast is included, so this is a great tip and savings.We have booked again at the hotel for our next trip in 6 months and look forward to this reasonable hotel in crazy, expensive Paris.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>quercus_magnus
<Content>Wonderful Selected the Relais Bosquet first on area (Rue Cler so convenient for sightseeing) and Tripadvisor reviews. What a great find! Room, on top floor, was great and included a view of the Eiffel Tower when you leaned out. Comfortable, clean. Superb staff helped with directions, restaurant reservations, transportation. Location to sights, transportation, markets, and more, is just fantastic. When we return to Paris, this is where we will stay again.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MerryTravels
<Content>What a great find! This was the perfect hotel for us. We had a superior room on the top floor, which was quite big and had a big bathroom. Housekeeping did an excellent job. The front desk staff were always friendly and helpful.The location really is ideal. Lots of options for food and drinks around, the Champ du Mars is a few blocks away for a picnic, and the Metro stop is very close. You really can't ask for a better hotel in Paris!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mdarch
<Content>Wonderful Stay at the Relais Bosquet My husband and I stayed here for part of our honeymoon in early September. The concierge was polite and helpful, the room was bright and cheerful with a lovely view out the window of the street below and the neighborhood was full of charming boutiques, restaurants, etc.There is an excellent bakery on the corner with wonderful quiche and pastries for breakfast (a better value than the hotel breakfast). Also, there is a grocery a couple of doors down where we stocked up on water to place in our fridge.The bed was two twins pushed together, which worked fine. The A/C worked well and the room darkening blinds were very cool.The hotel is located very close to the Ecole Militaire Metro stop, which was quite convenient, and we found a few really terrific restaurants in the area as well that we really enjoyed.The only downside at all might be the bathroom, which is showing it's age with tile needing some repair, but it was kept relatively clean and served its purpose.I would certainly not hesitate to return to the neighborhood and would gladly return to this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>LKKT
<Content>Good value hotel close to the Tower Stayed here over UK bank holiday weekend at the end of August. Paris full of tourists but this part of town only minutes away from the Eiffel Tower felt relatively peaceful and quiet. Booked special package which included two tickets for boat trip on River, well worth the trip. I would probably not have done it otherwise. The hotel itself is well appointed and the rooms are actually quite a good size for Paris. The bathroom is well equipped and the shower / bath was another welcome feature compared to other hotels of this price range. Reception staff were helpful. Only minor complaint was cleaning staff who left our room unlocked, a cleaning rag on our suitcase and our complimentary tea / coffee set half cleaned, as if they had intended to return to finish cleaning but had forgotten to do so. There are a number of brasseries near by for a late snack, so food is not a problem even at 2 am!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DaveNStAlbert
<Content>Excellent location  We had two rooms for four adults. One room was quite small. Both rooms overlooked a courtyard ( sort off) and were very quiet.Excellent air conditioning. They have an elevator. $160 E was I guess an excellent price. It cost us $37 E to take an cab from CDG. We did not eat there as there are many other choices available.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	5	

<Author>edwis
<Content>our best paris room yet!       this is it!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>henryv731_123
<Content>What A Gem! As most of the other reviews indicate, this hotel is simply a gem!!! I recommend it very, very highly.Tremendous location: 10 minutes from Eiffel Tower and Seine River cruises, 15 minutes from Orsay museum, 25 minutes from Louvre, and 35 minutes from Notre Dame. There are so many sites that are well within walming distance of the Relais Bosquet that its location is superb.If you get a chance, ask for a room with a view of the Eiffel Tower. It's trivial, but looking at your window to see the top of the tower leaves you with a memory yo won't soon forget.If you are a Rick Steves customer, tell the hotel. I mentioned that I discovered the hotel through Steves and they indicated that the continental breakfast was free for Steves' readers.Frederique, one of the clerks at the front desk, is incredibly friendly and helpful. Don't hesitate to ask her for help with getting a taxi, etc...A tip: if you are planning to visit museums in Paris, consider getting a museum pass. The hotel can arrange for this pass to be delivered to the hotel and waiting for you when you arrive, and it will allow you to by-pass lines that can sometimes be fairly lengthy.If you are staying at the Relais Bosquet, you are in for a treat. A great value and a great Parisian Hotel!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>happytraveler78
<Content>Wonderful hotel, quiet location, nice neighborhood       Shower  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>MissBonie
<Content>Believe every word! We were delighted with this charming, boutique hotel. I'll spare repeating what others have said.I will confirm, though, as in another previous review, I'll only stay at the Relais Bosquet upon my return to Paris.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nealmosk
<Content>Wonderful little left bank hotel near the Rue Cler We loved absolutely everything about the place- no exageration. To start with, the covenient location: a block or so from the Rue Cler, where we could take nice little strolls away from the bulk of tourists, have a leisurely croissant and coffee in the morning or dejeuner at any of a number of eateries, and shop for our day at one of several marches, fromagerie, patisserie, bakeries, wine shop and deli, little book shops, etc. Also ATM machine across the street and Metro station (Ecole Militaire) a few blocks away, about half way between la Tour Eiffel and L'Hotel des Invalides by easy walking distance. The staff at the hotel were very friendly at any hour of day or night, spoke English but were willing to tolerate our broken French, and very helpful arranging touristy things for us. There is a computer with internet available and Wifi in the rooms. Also, well-stocked refrigerator, room service or breakfast downstairs if we needed (we did not with Rue Cler nearby), and very clean bathroom and toilet. It was a quaint and personal experience in a modern and well-equipped hotel. Will be staying there again on our next trip!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JodyZ
<Content>A paris gem My family of four stayed here in two rooms for four nights in August. Both rooms (6th floor front) were clean, spacious by Paris standards with a fantastic view of the Eiffel Tower. Electric shutters and good A-C made it a great place to sleep, and proximity to numerous attractions, bakeries, restaurants, metro, taxi stand and even laundry made it a great spot for the middle of our fifteen day three country trip. Staff is friendly and helpful. This is the only place I will ever stay in Paris.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>katlvr1
<Content>great stay! This hotel was everything we were hoping for during our stay in Paris. This is our second visit to Paris, and we based our choice of lodging on tripadvisor reader's recommendations. We were not disappointed. The location in the Rue Cler market area was superb...we visited the bakery next door to the hotel which was fabulous, and ate crepes from Ulysses restaurant on Rue Cler...try the trois fromage!The Relais Bosquet is a great little boutique hotel...quite modest, but very charming. It is clean, and offers several amenities you would expect in a larger operation. The staff were all very pleasant and helpful (even in translating a french website on the lobby computer). The reservation was very easy and everything was just as presented on their website.We did not eat at the hotel so I can not comment on this.I wholly recommend a stay at the Relais Bosquet if you are visiting Paris...you won't be disappointed. We will definitely consider this hotel our own little home when returning!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rubeus
<Content>great stay We stayed in the apartment for 3 nights. It was just wonderful.Excellent location for exploring Paris. a great spacious place to come back to relax.The patio was wonderful to eat, sit and enjoy. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Mexifried
<Content>Good location, courteous staff, comfortable We have just returned from a 9 day stay at the Hotel Relais Bosquet and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly.We got to the hotel by Yellow Van which was arranged for us through the Hotel. This worked very well and made the transfer easy. You could have got here by a combination of the Roissy bus and Metro 8 but it would have involved hauling bags up and down quite a number of stairs. All in all, the van worked well and was not expensive.The front desk staff were extraordinarily helpful and pleasant. They speak excellent English and are happy to help you with suggestions, reservations and advice on request. Check in and out was efficient with no surprises.The front lobby has a computer to access the internet. It has a different keyboard than the one that we use in Canada but, with some considerable patience, you can get used to it. It is often used by guests but is generally available with a short wait. The hotel has wireless internet and so bringing a lap top would be a good idea.Ice is obtained through the front desk and isn't available on each floor which was fine as far as we were concerned.We had a superior room which was very nice. Had to insert the room key into a slot by the door to make the lights work, which was a new one for us and not something that came to us immediately. It had a large bathroom with two sinks and a large and effective shower. A separate WC was within the room. The air conditioning worked well, thank goodness! The safe was inside the small fridge (which wasn't the first place that we looked for it). The fridge has enough room to store soda, cheese, meat, and other stuff if you wish. They do stock it with the usual which we didn't use. They have a coffee maker in the room that we didn't use. There was a small TV which had 3 English channels plus a number of other channels. There was a large cabinet and a chest of drawers for clothes which was adequate. Electronically closing blinds completely darken the room and completely keep out outside noise. One could hear the doors open and close in adjacent hotel rooms.Breakfast was included in our package and was very good. It consisted of orange juice and cake to start, followed by coffee and heated milk, chocoate bread (addictive), croissants (very good) and additional bread with an assortment of jams and butter. Cheese came with it as did some cut up melon. This was one filling breakfast that was very good. We never were able to eat all of it and it pretty much filled you up until supper time cutting the costs of lunch (generally you might just need a drink and could share a salad and that would do you the rest of the day). I am sure that you could go out to a local bakery etc and it would be fine, but this was so convenient and so good!The hotel is about a 10 minute walk from the Eiffel tower and two blocks from the Metro. It is one block from Rue Cler. There are two bakeries nearby and two grocery stores as well. Banking was within two blocks.I highly suggest the Le Bosquet restaurant nearby as it has great service and food. Cafe du March is also close and is a little cheaper with reasonable food and a fun atmosphere. You can get a crepe on Rue Cler that is the equivalent of a full meal. Wine shops abound nearby. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>frankfurt2003
<Content>very nice A nice Hotel in my favorite area close to the Eiffel Tower. In its price category I can give five points.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>olygirl21
<Content>Wonderful Stay!       View of Eiffel Tour from our balcony  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bunnytraveler
<Content>A Totally Wonderful Experience We traveled to Europe to celebrate our 40th anniversary and chose the Hotel Relais Bosquet for the Paris part of our trip. What a great choice! This hotel is situated in a lovely part of Paris close to so many things and just a few blocks from The Metro station so getting around the city was easy and convenient. I particularly loved seeing Parisians during their normal daily activities while sitting at a cafe or bistro on the Rue du Cler. I couldn't have asked for a better location or a more friendly and helpful staff. There is a computer in the lobby that you can use without charge (not a common occurrence in our experience overseas), a post office and laundromat just a few blocks away and you're blocks from the Eiffel Tower and the Seine. . .who could want anything more? I can't wait to get back for another visit fo Paris and will definitely stay at this hotel again anytime I'm in the city. I had high hopes when I left home and I was not disappointed! What a wonderful experience!!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>misstraveler2007
<Content>Loved it! My mom and I stayed here for 8 nights at the beginning of June and enjoyed every bit of it! The hotel is charming and the staff is incredibly helpful. I would stay there again in a heartbeat and would recommend the hotel to anyone going to Paris. It is conveniently located just off a lovely market street (Rue Cler) and is just a short walk from the Eiffel Tower and Ecole Militaire metro stop.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>valleycitylyn
<Content>Helpful staff My family of two senior citizens and three 50ish kids stayed here and found the hotel to be lovely. My husband was pick pocketed in the metro on our second day. The staff was very helpful including taking us to the local police station and staying with us to help fill out the paperwork involved. We didn't let this setback dimish our enjoyment of this beautiful city. The energy saving measures used at the hotel were impressive. Location was perfect for us. It was an all around great place to stay!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emfdvm
<Content>Lovely Hotel and Neighborhood I can echo all of the previous reviewers comments. I stayed here with my 9-year-old daughter for the weekend and we found it to be a really nice hotel in a charming area. It was very convenient to the Metro and tourist attractions and there were ample choices for eating very close by. If there is one caveat I would add, it is that this hotel seems very popular with, and populated by, Americans. We didn't spend much time there, except to sleep, so we didn't interact much within the hotel, but if you want a real Parisian experience surrounded by people from all over, this may not be for you. Given my limited French and our short stay, it was perfect for us.On a second note: I was determined to do the entire weekend using only public transportation, as there was only 2 of us. The trip from CDG by train and Metro took about 1 hour, involved 2 transfers (from RER to Metro and then once within the Metro), and cost 8.10 euro in and 9.50 euros out (per person). We had only carryon bags, but if we had had larger luggage, it would have been difficult. If I were to do it again, I would recommend taking the RER or a shuttle to a central Paris location, then getting a cab to the hotel from there. With a larger number of people, a cab all the way from the airport might be the best option.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Young707
<Content>Very Nice Paris Hotel       inside Room  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>PharmDoc
<Content>What at great location. This is our second time back to the Hotel Relais Bosquet thanks to Rick Steves. It is a little scarey to walk around the area and see Rick Steves' Paris travel guide in most everyone's hand.However, he is right; the location is great. You can walk to either corner to get great pastry to eat in your room with the coffee provided or just walk to the Rue Cler and eat breakfast while the market is set up. You have an ATM across the street and a small grocery a few doors down. If you stay long enough to need clean clothes, you don't have far to walk to a clean laundromat. No one can complain about the size of the bathrooms which are larger than most we have encountered in Europe. We had a smaller room this time, but still facing the courtyard which keeps the street noise to a minimum. Fredricka scheduled a shuttle for the two of us from CDG to the hotel for 36E which isn't as cheap as the metro, but with luggage, it is considerably easier. Oh, you internet geeks, like my husband, they now have WiFi in the rooms. They also have a computer in the lobby for free use if you need to check your e-mail. This place has the basics and is close to everything. No doubt we would go back again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>plmguy61
<Content>Lovely place We just returned from our trip and a wonderful stay at Relais Bosquet. It's as charming and friendly a place as you could ask fort, and in a great location. Our room was spotless and spacious, with all the amenities we could want, including a safe and a mini-bar. It also had very handy electric blinds that could be lowered, which was a big help, since it stayed light surprisingly late there. There was also an internet terminal in the lobby for checking e-mail , and free newspapers in French and English.Frederica and Christian were incredibly helpful with everything, including dinner reservations, taxis, and anything else we needed.The Rue Cler neighborhood where the hotel is located is a nice quiet spot, but very well situated. You can walk to quite a bit (You're especially close to the Eiffel Tower and the Invalides) and there is a Metro station (Ecole Militaire) only about a 5 minute walk away. There are two wonderful bakeries within a block of the hotel (one practically downstairs), and we got pastries for our breakfast most days. There is also a small grocery store just a few steps away, and many other food shops and produce stands very close. The hotel serves a continental breakfast, but it was not included with our room and was a little pricey (15 euros a person), so we did not eat there. There are also several cafes very close at hand where you can sit down for a breakfast and watch the world go by.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CAOItalia
<Content>My new Paris home! This hotel is an excellent find! I've stayed in the Rue Cler area the last three times Ive been to Paris, and the Relais Bosquet tops the other two places that I've stayed. I love this little neighborhood and it feels like I'm living in Paris when I stayed here. This was our 1st anniversary trip and my wife's first time in Paris, and she felt the same way. Rooms are nicely sized, the air-conditioning is good, and the hotel staff is so accomodating. Special kudos to Christian for his assistance on this trip. The hotel is just off of Avenue Bosquet, and the location is great for walking to numerous sights and some excellent restaurants; Les Clos du Gourmets, La Cuisine, and Venezia Italia. We had an inside room that overlooked a courtyard and it was very quiet. I highly recommend this hotel and this neighborhood in general. If you're a foodie, it may take you a couple of days to get past all the great shops. (You're right across the street from Marie-Anne Cantin--one of Paris' best cheese shops.) You're just a few blocks from the Eiffel Tower. We got there at 9:15 on Sunday morning with practically no one in the individuals line, and we were in the first car up. No downside to this hotel or location at all. But skip the 13 Euro breakfast, and hit the boulangerie down the corner to the right as you leave the hotel.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hereHouston
<Content>loved the relais We stayed here at the end of April. Can not say enough about this hotel. People at the front desk were friendly, helpful, and spoke english. They could even understand our pigeon french. The rooms were a little bigger then the usual rooms in paris for the price. The bathroom was huge for a european hotel. We stayed in a standard room which was big enough for us. Mention Rick Steve's book and get a free continental breakfast for your entire stay.  It was only a 10 minute walk to the Eiffel tower, and about 30 mintes to Notre Dame. We walked everywhere in Paris. We ate at cafe du marche, but prefered to eat at thier sister restaurant Tribeca. Meal for two with carafe of wine (small) was about 24E for two. The crepe shop on Rue Cler was great, also the bakery next door to the hotel was good. Its very quiet at night, so if you want night life go to another area. As far as what to wear in Paris outside of sweats we saw everything else. People really don't care what you are wearing, because all the tourist areas are filled with tourists.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Bella22
<Content>Perfect location to experience Paris We recently stayed at the Relais Bosquet in the Rue Cler area for a week and highly recommend it. The location is perfect - easy access to the Metro, short walk to the Eiffeil Tower area, Invalides, American Church and Rue Cler is a mere 1 short block away. We booked the superior room which is large by European standards. The furnishings are basic but very adequate. Linens and amenities were really nice - large towels which is something we did not find on the rest of our travels in France. There are electric blinds on the windows which is beyond a doubt the best thing going. Our room was on the street side and with the blinds and the air conditioning, never heard a sound. Incredible. Slept like babies which is not easy to do when traveling. Service was very good. Frederica is just wonderful. We did eat breakfast at the hotel every morning. You can go elsewhere, but why. When in France, eat as the French do and enjoy the croissants, bread, etc. Please do try the hot chocolate - it's to die for.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>WorldTravelerPVB
<Content>Still fantastic! I have stayed at the charming Hotel Relais Bosquet many times and this trip confirms this charming hotel is still fantastic! The friendly staff couldn't be more helpful and I wouldn't stay in any other neighborhood in Paris. My mom's luggage was missing from Air France the whole visit and they kindly continued to call and check on the bag for us. Great location and good value. Large bathrooms, great towels, clean and in walking distance to the Tour Eiffel. I recommend visiting the local bakery and cheese and wine shops and plan a carpet picnic at the Tour Eiffel in the afternoon. Wish I could go back now!  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>ann99bray
<Content>Loved the Relais Bosquet, Great Location We stayed at the Relais Bosquet for a week this month. We found the recommendation for the hotel in Rick Steve's guidebook. We were not disappointed. We had a nice size room for Paris and an unusually large bathroom for Europe with 2 sinks. Everything was spotless. The hotel has air conditioning which was great as it was really hot for April. Our room had a small refrigerator which was useful for storing water, wine and cheese. We loved the location. About a 10 minute walk from the Eiffel Tower and round the corner from Rue Cler with its open markets and cafes and restaurants. The hotel is a few minutes walk from the Ecole Militaire metro (line 8) and bus #69 stops nearby (great route - Invalides, Musee D'Orsay, Louvre, near Notre Dame and Marais) and a few mintues from bus stop #92 (Arch de Triomphe and Gare Montparnasse (we went to the latter to catch a train for Chartres). We used the buses a lot as the routes were so direct and it gave us a chance to see more of Paris but they can be hot in warm weather - no air conditioning! The staff at the hotel were efficient and friendly - both the front desk staff and Barbara who serves a nicely presented continental breakfast with yummy fresh strawberries. The hotel also has free internet in the lobby. The room has an iron, hair dryer, wine glasses and wine opener and coffe/tea maker. One thing to watch for - if the hotel calls a taxi for you, the charge will start from the time the cab leaves the taxi stand. We got a taxi to the airport and when it arrived there was already about 9.70 euros on the meter. This is not the case if you flag down a cab on the street. We were glad we choose this area of Paris as other areas like the Marais seemed so crowded and it was nice to come back to the green boulevards and see the Eiffel Tower, especially lit up at night. We had a wonderful time in Paris and would definetely come back to the Relais Bosquet and not hestiate to recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AllAboutParis
<Content>Great hotel in a great district! We found this hotel from Rick Steve's Paris guide 2007. We booked it with no problems, but you are always hesitant about staying somewhere new. The Hotel was GREAT and met all and more than I could ever expected. I speak fluent French, but my boyfriend did not and the staff was very polite, knowledgeable, helpful and was willing to deal with him in English. The room was perfect, not too big and not too small and with a great view of the Eiffel Tower. I am planning to go back to Paris next year and will definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ADeckerCampbell
<Content>The Relais Bosquet was Perfect! The Relais Bosquet was great! It was clean, cozy and comfortable. The staff was very friendly and helpful.The best part was that our room had a view of the Eiffel Tower.I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PMwhf
<Content>A Real Gem All the positive reviews are spot on - this is a great find! We got a superior double room for approx 130 euro per night. The location is v quiet, but its only 10metres from the local market street on Rue Cler. We asked for a room with a view and we got it!! ......going to sleep with the Eiffel Tour framed in the window was amazing . Ask for room 64!!The room was large enough, spotlessly clean and equiped with tea/coffee making facilities. Superb shower and lots of bath gels/foam etc. Very good bed also.The TV comes with sky news, CNN and BBC World.Staff were v friendly and helpful. They were happy to speak french if you were happy to do so, otherwise they all spoke english very wellBreakfast costs 13euro - excellent bread basket with breads, croissant and pain au chocolat. Fruit juice, coffee/tea and fruit. Staff keen to fill up drinks when neededAlso has WI Fi, internet pc in reception and UK/USA newspapers.Taxi from CDG takes 30/45 mins and cost us 45euro.Location is well suited for the metro or walking towards the sights around the Seine  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>jardinm
<Content>Nothing but praise! Having stayed in a number of hotels I can only say how much we enjoyed our stay at this hotel. We had a lovely room and the beds are v. comfortable - a decent size too! Bathroom was v. clean and at least the bath towels were a good size unlike some other places! For the price you pay here I certainly didn't expect to get nice touches like a tray of bath/shower gel and body lotion etc. We ordered breakfast in our room which was there on time - a great selection of bread and pastries as well as fresh fruit, freshly squeezed orange juice and I could go on.The other thing was that it was beautifully quiet - we booked a superior room at the back of the hotel which had a view of the dome - all lit up at night. There was free internet access also v. useful and a great location for getting around - a 25 minute walk to the Orsay and Orangerie and a good selection of restaurants - we found a great little Vietnamese restaurant one street away and then a north African bistro a 5 minute walk the otherside of the Rue Cler.We will definately be back! - Miranda  Graeme - Brittany  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bondrey
<Content>Highly recommended Found this hotel on Trip Advisor, seeking best value or best hotel I could get while staying in the lower price range. Had a couple others higher on my list but were booked out....in hindsight I'm very glad for that! The last hotel I stayed at in Paris was much more expensive and not nearly as nice or accommodating. I explained to the staff that it was my first anniversary and wanted a view of the Eiffel Tower and they obliged; it was very nice of them and my wife loved it.The Good:Very hospitable staff!!!! They helped us in every way possible.Clean. Maid staff works hard. Found for $132 Euro/night on a European travel website. Reletive bargain to what else is out there.Free wireless highspeed internet access.Great location. Food and stores are right there; close enough to most attractions to walk; 2 short blocks from metro which is also very cheap  convenient. Superior room was very spacious for Paris hotel.Hotel staff gave suggestions of things to do and made reservations in advance for us at Florimond  Moulin Rouge. The Florimond is ~5 minute walk from hotel and very good food at reasonable price. The Bad:Not much really, but if I were to nitpick...I read reviews of large bathrooms with 2 sinks but ours was smaller and only had one sink. That said, it was still larger than others I've seen in Paris hotels. There are no no-smoking rooms, which is normal for there. They did clean the room and air it out well as I couldn't tell and I'm very sensitive to that sort of thing. However, on our last night people were smoking in the next room and it was wafting through the door.Breakfast is 13 Euro for basically bread/coffee, eggs/cheese/ham are sold individually on top of that price. The quiches, pastries, etc. at the bakery adjacent to the hotel are much better option; much less money and very fresh.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Noakesi
<Content>C'est Fantastique! Having read the reviews following a Paris ratings search within our specified budget; I'd say we came up trumps with the Hotel Relais Bosquet.I booked the hotel for a short inexpensive break to Paris to celebrate our first anniversary; and found the hotel to be relaxed, very friendly and helpful. We only stayed the one night, and given our limited time chose to be out and about more than in; for which the hotel via the efficient metro system is in easy reach of anything you need to see and do (the Eiffel tower is in walking distance and we easily got to principle sites within aprx 25 minutes tops - all times of day/night).The room was spacious, clean and airy.We chose not to have breakfast in the hotel, rathermore chose to turn right out of the hotel and onto Rue Cler for on a Sunday a thriving local scene full of cafes and small shops selling a wonderful array of cheeses, fish, meat, vegetables  fruit and of course bread and pastries. Wonderful.We would visit again without hesitation and would glady recommend it to friends and family.Getting to the hotel is very straightforward from Roissy Charles de Gaulle. RER 'B' to Chatelet les Halles. Change to Metro line 1 (Yellow) heading west to La Defense; changing at Concorde to Metro line 8 heading south to Balard - alighting three stops down at Ecole Militaire. Easy.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>larover
<Content>Nice Hotel In Great Area This is the third hotel I have stayed at in Paris and it offers great bang for the buck. It is not grand but the rooms (we had the superior) are quite spacious for Paris and well appointed. The roll down shades which block out all the light are a nice feature as is the in room tea/coffee maker, iron and ironing board and mini bar with room for your own items. The hotel is quite pleasant and homey and while you will have a comfortable bed don鈥檛 expect down pillows. In fact my only criticism is that like many of the boutique hotels in Paris there was no option but somewhat uncomfortable foam pillows.The staff is very friendly and although I speak French they speak fairly good English. Breakfast was tasty鈥︹€aker鈥檚 basket with bread, croissant, chocolate croissant, fresh squeezed orange juice, cake, small package of cheese and unlimited coffee and tea. It is worth it if you drink a fair amount of coffee or tea in the morning as these are quite pricey at restaurants in Paris and you will pay for refills at those cafes, bistros or restaurants. You can also have ham and fresh cheese a boiled egg or cereal for a few euros more.What really makes this hotel is the decent room size coupled with the area. As many posters have pointed out you are right near Rue Cler and in a residential area of Paris. You therefore can go to local cheeses shops, bakeries, etc and feel like a part of a neighborhood as you will see many Parisians doing the same thing. There are also many good restaurants nearby on Rue St Dominique and a few other local streets. There is somewhat of a nightlife if what you are looking for is a late night caf茅 scene and you will meet locals at those cafes. If you are looking for a bustling club scene night life I don鈥檛 think it is in this area. You are also quite close to the Metro and SNCR/RER for other areas outside of Paris. After we left the hotel we spent 2 nights at The Intercontinental Grand Hotel. In contrast the Grand is as it鈥檚 name implies Grand. However it is right in the midst of a tourist area where I don鈥檛 think you experience the true Paris and you will pay through the nose for everything you might want although it will be expertly provided for you.The Relais Bosquet on the other hand had everything you might reasonably require in a great setting and area. I would stay here again without hesitation and think it is a very nice value for the money. As an aside we did pass Le Walt Hotel which is very close by and seemed online to be nicer but more expensive. They were booked so we stayed at Relais Bosquet. I鈥檓 glad we did. Le Walt sits on a busy street and the rooms are supposedly quite small. It did not seem worth the extra money. In fact I am not aware of a hotel I would rather stay at in this area over Relais Bosquet.Oh and don't forget to try the bread at the bakery next door as well as at the corner of Rue Bosquet and Rue Cler.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>holtr727
<Content>Great Hotel - Great Location Been a while since our trip, but finally remembered to write a review. The hotel was great! About as big as I expected, big enough to sleep in for the night. We skipped the breakfast, there are plenty of cafes around to eat at anyway. The location couldn't be better, a quiet part of the city, 5 min walk from the Eiffel Tower or a metro station. Lots of nice, but fairly expensive, shops around (Rue Cler). Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ashia
<Content>A fine boutique hotel in lovely neighborhood My husband and I stayed at the hotel, taking advantage of the discounted rate of booking 2-days prior to arrival. It was a superior-class room and very, very spacious with TV, tea/coffee, hairdryer as well as electronic blinds. It was very clean, the queen-size bed was comfortable and it was always quiet. The hotel offers continental breakfast until Noon, with various breads, cheese and fruit. It is situated in the heart of the Rue Cler neighborhood with easy access to the Ecole Militaire Metro station. There is a food market down the street and many restaurants near by. It is a residential neighborhood so definitely not a place to stay if you are seeking a lively nightlife. Wonderful staff as well.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>QP
<Content>Great apartment, professional staff We stayed 5 nights at the one-bedroom apt managed by the hotel. The apt's half a block from the hotel on a very quiet street on the ground level. It's lovely decorated with a outdoor patio. Unfortunately, we didn't get much use of the patio due to the weather condition in November. The size was more than adequate and amenities were better than expected with the DVD and CD players. We didn't stay in one of the hotel rooms and therefore unable to comment on the quality of the room. My impression from the lobby was that the d茅cor was a little outdated and didn't look well maintained. I did like the fact that there's a PC/internet available for guest use.The location of the apt/hotel was excellent; just one block away from the Tour Eiffel. The neighborhood is mainly residential, quiet and upscale. I wouldn't recommend it if you're looking to stay at a place that's busy and happening. Most of the shops close early in this area. The front desk staff offered adequate service for a 3-star hotel. With that said, I鈥檇 like to command the hotel staff on their professional and courteous way of handling problems. We encountered a problem with the apt lock upon check-out. One of the keys was stuck in the lock and we were unable to open the door. The hotel manager and staff calmly helped us check out and allowed us to leave for airport. We were told that the deposit would probably have to be forfeited if the hotel incurred costs in fixing the situation. I was not optimistic that I would be able to get much of the deposit back. However, the hotel emailed me after a couple days and let me know the cost was 30 euros. I was relieved to learn that it wasn鈥檛 a costly problem and the hotel staff handled it promptly and kept us informed. I鈥檇 go for a hotel if it鈥檚 your first time in Paris and prefer to join tours and visit the city in a well-planned out way. I鈥檇 recommend the apartment to experienced travelers who are adventurous and willing to find their ways around Paris. Staying at the apt is a bit more costly than staying at a hotel but it鈥檚 all worth it. It was very nice to be able to come back to a 鈥渉ome-like鈥?environment after being out and about for a long day.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>CharlotteBuckeye
<Content>Wonderful Parisian Hotel!            
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lucyno2
<Content>Kingpa/Dallas,TX We were originally booked at the Hotel Prince, near this hotel, but the Hotel Prince was a huge disappointment (no hot water when we checked in late in the afternoon). So we check for other hotels in the area and went to Relais Bosquet and found a jewel!! The staff was so accommodating, nice, friendly and very sympathetic to our experience at Hotel Prince. We had 2 twin rooms and they were great! Bathroom very clean, towels and washcloths were very fresh and replaced each day. All 4 of us will have no doubts about recommending and staying at the Relais in the future! Plus it's in the best location to everything, the Metro, close to the Hop a Bus, etc. Loved it !!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BabsM
<Content>A Paris Gem This is a great hotel in a fabulous area of Paris, Rue Cler. The staff is very helpful and friendly. We had a nice room on the top floor with a view of the Eiffel Tower. The linens are pretty, and the bathroom was very nice - new and clean. This is a great location within walking distance to several favorite must see attractions - Eiffel Tower, Louvre, D'Orsay, etc., plus the market on Rue Cler is so enjoyable and only a half block away. We liked this hotel so much that we are going to stay here again in Jan. 2007.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wdcraven
<Content>Best Hotel in Paris Minutes from the Eiffel Tower (many rooms have a view) and close to the metro and the charming Rue Cler, this is our favourite hotel in Paris. Clean and modern with a helpful staff and very reasonable rates. 4 stars in my book.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>girardot
<Content>nice and quiet Left bank near Invalides and Tour Eiffel. Quiet. Affable staff, helpful, and the room was much better than expected, large and clean ( 4th floor ). Free internet access off the lobby with use of printer. A block from the Metro ( with direct line to Place Madeleine and Opera ) but a fairly long walk to those locations, taking about 35 minutes. Reasonable rates for the room size and appointments. Difficult parking so we dropped the car off at Avis ( just a few blocks away ) and walked or used Metro and taxis. Numerous restaurants around and a great pedestrian market street 1/2 block away ( Rue Cler ) with plenty of breakfast places (we don't usually take it in the hotel) and restaurants. The street markets are open daily.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Jasmine13
<Content>Lovely, quiet honeymoon stay My husband and I just returned from our honeymoon in France this week. Our stay at Relais Bousquet was, for the price, the most comfortable, clean, and well-located accommodation of the trip. The room was tastefully decorated with important amenities: mini bar, tv, water heater for tea, a bathroom with 2 sinks and a nice enough shower/tub combo so that I could enjoy evening baths. After leaving the Relais Bousquet, we hit the road for Normandy and it was not until then that we realized how nice our Paris accommodations had been for the money. We stayed at a number of hotels that were a bit less expensive or quite a bit more expensive, and none of them to me were as comfortable as the room we had at the Relais Bousquet. The location was excellent: within walking distance to the Eiffel tower or across the bridge to the Right Bank, Trocadero; superb neighborhood restaurants on Rue le Dominique; and great transportation with the Metro  convenient 69 bus. Breakfast was adequate at the hotel, but just as easy to walk 2 minutes to Rue Cler and pick up something a little tastier. Also, the Super Marche is right next door to the Relais Bousquet which was very convenient.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>luvseurope6
<Content>Best room on our trip We just returned from a 17-day trip of France. We stayed in 3* to 5* properties. The Relais Bosquet wins as best room. We had room 51. It was large by Paris standards, had two sinks in the bathroom, and it was quiet! It was nicely decorated and very clean. Our friends had room 13 and it was nice as well. In the 5 trips we have taken to France, I have found it best to upgrade and book a superior room. It's not that much more and you do get what you pay for. As far as the staff at the Relais Bosquet, they went out of their way to make dinner reservations, etc. The entire staff was friendly - both day and night.For breakfast, a short walk to rue Cler and you can find a wonderful omelet and fresh croissants.We have always tried hotels in different arrondissements when we travel to Paris. We will definitely return to the Relais Bosquet for our next trip.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LonelyAvenue
<Content>Excellent hotel with great staff and a good location My wfe, mysefl and daughter stayed at Hotel Relais Bosquest twice during the quiet Paris month of August 2006. The hotel staff, Gerard  Abel, was exceptional. They were on all occassions extremely polite, professional and helpful. The Hotel is situated in a real middle to upper middle-class neighborhood, a short distance from Invalides and the Eiffel Tower. It is one block from the gourmet corridor known as Rue Cler. There are artisanal cheese shops and bolangerie one block in eash direction. A post office is around the corner. The metro is one block away. There is an ATM at the bank right across the street; a supermarket three doors donw ; a dry cleaner next to that; a self-service laundromat one block east and some lovely inexpenseive brasseries within footsteps of the hotel. Of course, you can easily get to St . Germain and all the other areas of Paris quickly and efficiently via the metro. The Relais Bosquet offers free internet and wifi in its lobby and a breafast, which we did not take advantage of. The rooms  beds were very comfortable and clean, some with balconies providing a view of Paris roof tops and the Eiffel Tower. We would most certainly stay at the Hotel Relais Bosquet again. Gerard at the front desk was particularly helpful. (By the way, if you have not been to Paris previously or in a long time, I recommend you walk over the the Seine, right beyond the Eiffel Tower some nice evening and take the river tour cruise - corny, but it definitely helps you to begin to appreciate the overwhelming beauty, age and history of the city).  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GoWorm
<Content>A bit of a disappointment. We stayed at the Hotel Relais Bosquet due to a recommendation from a highly rated travel guide. The staff was not friendly and the rooms needed a coat of paint. When I planned our trip, I had tried to get a reservation there for our first night in Paris. Fortunately, they were booked and I used TripAdvisor to find another hotel in the same area. The location was great, but this hotel would not rate two stars. On our two week trip, this hotel was the only disapointment and it cost more than some of the other rooms. My best advise is get the travel guide and see how the rooms are rated on Trip Advisor. I would not stay there again, nor would I recommend the hotel to others.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>travelngurl
<Content>Great experience!! A friend and I stayed here just recently for a week. I was familiar with the Rue Cler area and really liked the quiet residential feel. I chose this hotel based on trip advisor and found that it had also been recommended by Rick Steves. We had booked a standard room on the 5th floor on the street side (all the superior rooms were booked) and it was pretty good size (by european standards) for the two of us. I asked for an upper floor and a view of the eiffel tower and they did not disappoint me. What a fantastic view each evening to see it lit up (or twinkling on the hour) outside your window when you return to your room!!! I ducked my head into a room that was a 'superior' and I would recommend spending the extra $$ for the extra room it provided.Yes, I will admit, this does not look like a new hotel as based on the furnishings. And, yes, I think I saw a bath towel that was frayed a bit. But I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. Everyone who worked there was more than friendly at all times. They answered all our questions with a smile. And opened our wine bottle when we realized the cork was REALLY stuck in there!! Who can ask for more? And they recommended a REALLY great restaurant on the next street over La Litote on Rue Bosquet which is a definite MUST for anyone staying in the 7th!The rooms are nicely decorated (bright yellow in our room) and it is really clean (which is a big issue for me). Although halfway through the week we must have had a change in the cleaning woman and we could tell as it wasn't cleaned as well. But still more than sufficient.Breakfast is free if you mention Rick Steves. Hey, I though you get a good deal for what you got---and hey, its free!! If you want more variety for breakfast, yes, Rue Cler is around the corner but I was happy with my croissant and coffee. (you get more than that)The roll down shades are great! Really gives you a great nights sleep. Air conditioner worked great and there is a safe in the room. I would highly recommend this place to anyone and would stay there again in a minute.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Judsongirl
<Content>Great Hotel  Had a very good experience with this hotel. We stayed here over the first week in July and booked the hotel a couple of months before we left. Unfortunately, no Eiffel Tower views were available -- we knew that when we made our reservations -- and our windows faced the courtyard. We paid EUR147.00 a night. Hotel was very, very prompt in answering emails.The Hotel Relais Bosquet is located in a less touresty area of the 7th arrondissement. The Hotel is only a couple of blocks from the Metro -- best way to travel in Paris. Best of all, the rooms are air conditioned with individual controls!!!!!!! Definitely a plus when the weather in Europe has been so odd the past couple of years.I was concerned when we saw our room because it was next to the elevator. No worries. Couldn't hear a thing (I made my husband test it before I unpacked).Windows had, best I can describe, hurricane shutters that you could electronically lower if you liked. They blocked out 100% of the light. I had the best sleep I have had in a very long time. Room had a safe and a small refrigerator. Bath had double sinks and a tub/shower combo. Separate room off bath held toilet. Room was normal size -- and large by Euro standards. I've stayed in smaller in the States. This is not a new hotel and one should not expect it to look like one. But I found the room clean, maid service excellent, and the management helpful. Don't bother with eating breakfast at the hotel because the rue Cler is just about half a block away, and a bakery next door. Lots of food (baked goods, crepes, fruit, wine, and cheese) at this open air market area. Check out their web site. I found the pictures of the hotel were accruate. We will most definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tiffany2
<Content>Over rated and worn out This being our second stay in Paris, this time we opted for the quieter Rue Cler neighborhood based on reviews from this website and recommendations from a guide book. The hotel is rated 3-stars but don't let that confuse you with quality. They advertise a free breakfast if you mention the guide book, but don't expect too much.As soon as we walked into the lobby, we were disappointed to note the rather worn and dirty carpet. Once up in our room, we noticed the carpet had not been vacuumed there either. The furniture looks like it has seen its share of travelers. It is mismatched and badly beaten furniture. We were afraid to sit on the ottoman at the foot of the bed, the legs were so bent in they looked like they would cave in from our weight. The two chairs in our room were just as bad with the framing making them very uncomfortable to sit in. The towels were nice and clean, but badly frayed.We had mixed results with the receptionists. One receptionist when asked about a Paris map, couldn't find one for us. When asked again about tours of Paris, he was unable to find any information for us. A couple of nights later, we had a new receptionist who was very helpful. When we told him about our previous requests to his co-worker, he was like a magician and pulled out maps and several Paris tour books for our use.And to our surprise, one evening on returning from a day of sight seeing, the lobby carpet had been cleaned during our absence. But the funny thing is, the travel guide who I have mentioned above, just happened to be in Paris while we were there and his associates were doing inspections and updating their travel guide books for next year.However, we did have a spectacular view of the Eiffel Tower from our room.My recommendation is to pay more for a room elsewhere and buy a croissant at the local patisserie.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	2	4	

<Author>sue7778
<Content>Charming hotel near Rue Cler I was travelling with 6 other people and we were all staying near Rue Cler. Most hotels are small and book quickly. The hotels where others were staying were booked. That's how I came across this gem of a hotel.The front desk staff is very professional and treated us very well. They were accomodating when we asked them to make dinner reservations for our party of 7. The room was very clean and comfortable and had air conditioning. The windows have privacy shades which keeps light out and reduces street noise (I heard no street noise at all). The shades are on the exterior and are operated by a click of a button (by the bed). There is a coffee maker with free coffee, and a mini-bar (at fairly reasonable rates). There is a dresser, desk, armoire, and TV in the room. There is internet access in the breakfast room, which is free for guests. It is not attached to a printer, so if you need to print something, you will need to go elsewhere.The hotel is about a minutes walk from the Rue Cler pedestrian street. This street has a couple of cafes, a delicious crepe/Greek restaurant, and many other shops. There are two grocery stores within the block and a couple of bakeries. We never ate breakfast at the hotel because there we opted to eat outside at a cafe or ate on the run (being late to meet our family/friends).The hotel is a few minutes walk from the subway (only one subway line stops at Ecole Militaire).It is an easy walk to the Eiffel Tower and it was fun to walk over there in the evening and watch the light show and people.I would definitely stay at this hotel again. It was an excellent stay!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Tara3056
<Content>Loved the Relais Bosquet!!! My husband and I stayed at the Relais-Bosquet for 7 nights in January of this year. I was a little hesitant about booking a regular double room (as opposed to a superior double) because we'd never been to Europe before and had heard nothing but horror stories about the small rooms. I needn't have worried! The room, while cozy, was plenty large enough for the two of us and our two big suitcases (+ carry on backpack and shoulder bag). We didn't feel like we were stepping all over each other, or our luggage.The room had an armoire where we could hang some of our clothes, iron and ironing board, those wonderful electric darkness blinds, and a very functional bathroom with hairdryer and nice toiletries. Oh, and there was also a safe and mini-fridge. You could buy items from the mini-bar, but it also came in handy for us to store our own sodas/water. Just walk a few steps to the right of the hotel's front door, to the grocery store there, and buy Coke or Evian for something like 2.50-3.00 Euros for a 6 pack of either.The front desk staff was always warm and helpful, and housekeeping was excellent. I do recommend that you tip the housekeeper each day - it's apparently the norm in Europe, and you'll get much better service if you do it each day instead of waiting until the end of your stay. I generally left 2-3 Euros a night, and in return, got extra toiletries and towels, a spotlessly clean room, AND I wasn't charged for the 2 drinks we actually did take from the mini-bar before realizing we could just walk to the grocery store.We really enjoyed using the free internet on the computer in the breakfast room. I was able to check in with friends and family, and also get info about some of the tourist sites we wanted to visit later in our trip.The carpet and furniture in the lobby and in the halls is slightly worn, but we didn't mind at all. For the price and location, this hotel is a GEM.As for location, you couldn't ask for better. We spent some time in the Latin Quarter at night, and it was bustling and noisy even late at night. We really loved coming home to our little section of Paris, where it was peaceful and not as crowded. At the same time, it was soooo easy to get from our location in the 7th to anywhere else in Paris. For one, Paris is incredibly walk-able. Second, the Ecole Militaire metro stop is an easy 3 minutes or so away. I was a bit intimidated to try using the metro on our first day, but it really was easy, and we ended up using it multiple times a day, zipping all over Paris with ease. Finally, the location can't be beat for restaurants. The 7th is full of lovely little bistros that are moderately priced (23-30 Euros per person for a delicious multi-course prix fixe meal). In short, the Relais Bosquet is fabulous, and I'm fairly certain that if you choose you stay there, you will love it as much as we did!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveller200
<Content>WONDERFUL hotel       view of the Eiffel Tower from our room  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kiwifan
<Content>Rick was right this time Another Rick Steves recommended hotel, which meant of course that it was overun with Americans. Despite this fact the local crew was quite accomodating. Our room was delightful, with AC and windows that opened to a Paris view. We were there for Bastille Day, le Fete Nationale, and had a five minute walk to the Champs du Mars to see the fireworks over le Tour d'Eiffel. Wonderful,and nice to be so close. Easy walk to the Metro and the bus, and many fine restaurants. Le Bosquet, which is under new management, a block away provided maybe one of the best meals we had the entire trip, competing with a wonderful restaurant near the Pantheon in Rome.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>glbeat
<Content>Loved it My husband and I stayed at this lovely hotel last September, 2005 for 5 days. We were staying at another hotel near Notre Dame for the previous 5 days. That hotel was no comparison for the same price as Hotel Relais Bosquet. It was very hot when we were in Paris and the airconditioning at Relais Bosquet was more than adequate compared to the European standard of air conditioning. The room was bright, cheerful , very cleanand large. The hotel staff treated us like old friends when we arrived. I can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Friendly Staff       Eiffel Tower View  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gooseylucy
<Content>highly recommended We agree with previous travelers who have stayed at this hotel. We arrived at the Relais after we had just finished a bus tour around Europe and were very happy to find that our room (with a view of the Eiffel Tower) was equal to, if not better than, our rooms on the tour. (I might add, these rooms were three times as expensive). It was lovely to walk out the door and feel that you were IN Paris, not just the main tourist section. Gerard and his staff were always smilng and helpful-Gerard helped my husband organise a Seine Dinner Cruise for my birthday, which was beautiful. He also gave me directions to a section of Paris to shop (at normal prices) for clothing, shoes etc; shops where the locals go to.Our room and bathroom were a good size, always clean, fresh towels. We found use of the Metro not too daunting, once worked out, with the 'Ecole Militaire' as our station. Plenty of cafes, supermarkets and easy walking distance to the Eiffel Tower and the Seine.We have recommended this hotel to our friends.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>smokey1127
<Content>Pleasant Hotel We stayed at Hotel Relais Bosquet for a week in June 2006 and were thoroughly satisfied. We were able to check in early, which was appreciated after the long flight. The staff was gracious and accomodating. They helped us with our French and spoke excellent English as well. We selected a superior room with Eiffel Tower view. Our view was a bit sideways, but perfectly adequate. The room was spacious by European standards with plenty of storage for our clothing, toiletries, and luggage even though we do not pack lightly. The bathroom was clean and modern, although we did have a slightly claustrophobic separate WC. The bed was actually two singles put together with some sort of a bridge to eliminate the gap. It was comfortable if a bit firm. We were grateful for the air conditioning on the warmer days. The mini-fridge was convenient for storing goodies purchased at the wonderful shops nearby. There were many, boutiques and restaurants within easy walking distance of the hotel. The only downside of the location was that the closest subway line didn't run directly to many major attractions. All this meant was changing lines, so it really wasn't a problem and certainly wouldn't deter us from staying in the area on our next visit.We loved the neighborhood! We had considered other areas, namely the Marais and St. Germaine de Pres, but we were certain the Rue Cler area was the right choice after visiting the others. It just felt like a real neighborhood. We had breakfast daily at Cafe du Marche on the corner, and we came to recognize the locals dining and walking by. By the end of the trip we even managed to coax a smile out of the crusty tabac shopkeeper.Thanks to the many previous reviewers whose insights helped us select Hotel Relais Bosquet!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay in Paris! Hotel Relais Bosquet was a wonderful little hotel--very quaint, clean, and well-located in the Rue Cler neighborhood. My husband and I spent 7 nights here in October 2005 and enjoyed every minute. We even had a view of the Eiffel Tower from our hotel room. I actually had booked several months in advance with this hotel and they were excellent about communicating with me via e-mail prior to my arrival and giving me tips about shuttles, etc. If we return to Paris, I wouldn't hesitate for a moment to stay at Hotel Relais Bosquet again. We paid a little more for this hotel but after arriving and staying for 7 days, we were so pleased that we chose to spend the extra money. Having a place that we felt comfortable in made our trip that much better!  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kenato
<Content>Great Hotel for Seeing Paris       View toward Bathroom  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel My friend and I stayed at the Hotel Relais Bosquet in April, this was our first trip to Paris and when we arrived at the hotel we were checked into our room quickly even though we were early. The room was just wonderful, very clean, lots of space in the closet for your clothes, large modern bathroom, in room safe and hospitality tray. I chose this hotel because of all the wonderful reviews on this website....it is all true, you cannot go wrong with this hotel. The staff speaks English and are very helpful. Also it is ideally located. We are single women and felt very safe in this area and in this hotel. I love Paris and the hotel Relais Bosquet for making my trip worry free.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel This hotel is an absolute gem! My friend and I arrived in Paris on a rainy Sunday afternoon. We had reserved a room for four nights at a nearby hotel that turned out to be nothing like what was represented on the hotel's website on in France for Dummies. We called back to the US and had my husband check TripAdvisor for some other hotels in the same neighborhood. With three hotel names in hand, we wandered out in the rain and happily found the Hotel Relais-Bosquet just two blocks away. We walked into the lobby, looking quite soggy and miserable, and inquired if they had a room available. The man at the front desk was so kind and polite when we explained that we had a reservation at another hotel but the room was unsatisfactory. He said he had a room we could have for two nights but then we would have to change to a different room. We were more than happy to change rooms since we did not have a reservation. The desk clerk then asked us if we would like to see the room. It was lovely -- spacious, clean and beautifully decorated. We immediately went back to the other hotel, checked out and returned to the Relais-Bosquet with our luggage. As soon as we walked up to the desk, the clerk told us that he had found a room that we could have for all four nights. We checked in and went to the room. While it was a bit smaller than the first room, it was still very comfortable and spacious. The bathroom was very spacious as well and spotlessly clean. We had drawer space, armoire space and lots of shelf space in the bathroom. After getting settled in our room, we went to the lobby to check our e-mail since we hadn't been near a computer in a week. We asked the desk clerk if he could recommend a restaurant for dinner. He told us that many places were closed on Sunday and especially this particularly Sunday because Monday was May 1, a national holiday. He said, Let me see if I can get a reservation for you. He called several places and did arrange reservations for dinner at a very nice, reasonably priced restaurant about 10 mins. away. This was the beginning of a beautiful friendship between us and the people at the front desk. Every single one of them was so polite and helpful. They made reservations for us for all types of things and kept us apprised of when the museums were open, the best times to visit different sites, etc. We enjoyed the breakfast every morning we were there. The breakfast room is very light and airy and the service by Christian was impeccable. Whenever I return to Paris, I will stay at this lovely hotel.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic location and hotel! This was my fourth trip to Paris and this hotel was by far my favorite! The location is excellent! Rue Cler is right around the corner; you can't get much more French than the bakeries, cafes, cheese shops, and fruit/vegetable stands on Rue Cler. There is a Metro stop just a few blocks away and Napolean's Tomb/IHotel Invalides is in walking distance. In addition, the room is absolutely huge by Paris standards. The bathroom has a full tub and the room was clean and modern. The staff at the hotel was very curteous and helpful. Free internet access is available at the hotel which is extremely convenient.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Magstar
<Content>So Wonderful! My husband and I stayed here for our anniversary and we could not have been happier. The room we had (superior) was big by paris standards and had lots of really useful ammenities...iron and ironing board, lots of clothes storage, complimentary coffee (although we did not partake...the stuff in the cafes is so much better), fridge, and safe in the room. The people at the desk were very very nice and helpful. If you want a great view of the Eiffle Tower, try to get room 63. It was so great to be able to see the eiffle tower each moring and every night. I hope this helps and good luck with your search...When you go to Paris make sure you by more souvenirs than you think you want! We thought we had so much but when we go home we wished we had bought more! There are always those people you forget, and of course for yourself. You may think you wont really want that eiffle tower statue, but when you get home and the post-paris-depression kicks in you may wish you had gotten it  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MookieDoug
<Content>Small but charming in a great neighborhood       The view from Room 54  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mkenny3661
<Content>Great Hotel and Great Location Reading the reviews from the previous posts, I couldn't agree more about the location and amenities of this hotel. The great Parisian sites are all within walking distance from this hotel. No need to take cab or metro. We walked everywhere during our visit which may have been a little hard on our feet but we got a greater appreciation for the city. Regarding the hotel's internet access, we didn't use the hotel's computer because we had brought our own laptop and was able to jump on their wireless network for internet access. My wife was concerned with her inability to speak or understand french but this was not a problem throughout our trip. I would say that 90% of the french individuals we encountered spoke english. They were also all very cordial and nice. We came away from our trip to Paris with an appreciation of the culture, history and people. I would recommend this hotel and the city of Paris to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gbtrotter
<Content>No Better Place to Stay in Paris Great location, great price, great rooms - what more can you ask for?We arrived tired and hungry at the hotel at 11:00am. Our room was ready as was a recommendation for lunch nearby. The room was clean, comfortable and large by Paris standards. Checking email on the lobby computer downstairs, free of charge, was a great plus as was the view of the Eiffel Tower from our window. The Rue Cler neighborhood is perfect for anyone - couples, families, etc. There are two bakeries are at either corner on the same block as the hotel. A market is just a few doors down if you need something, but only if all the shops and street vendors have closed shop on Rue Cler. Of course, there are about 50 cafes and restaurants within a five block radius of the hotel. Try La Petit Troquet or La Florimond (both non-smoking).You are a five minute walk from the Ecole Militaire Metro station and a ten minute walk from the Eiffel Tower. In addition to all the usual sites, we had a great time on two tours with Fat Tire Tours in Paris, also within walking distance of the hotel. One was a segway tour of the city which lasted about four hours. We were treated like celebrities and asked to stop for pictures all along the way. The other great tour was a bike tour to Versailles - you bike from the office near the Eiffel Tower to a nearby train station, train to Versailles, stop at a market to pick up items for a picnic and bike around Versailles - definitely the best way to see its 800 acres. We ended the day with an audio tour of the chateau. They have many other tours as well including walking tours of several neighborhoods and evening bike tours.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelBelle
<Content>Great location, nice rooms The hotel is about a five minute walk from the Eiffel Tower, great convienent location to the Metro (2 blocks) and several great places to eat - bistros, cafes, etc. The fresh pastries from the artisan patiserie on the corner were the best we found anywhere! The rooms were on the small side but not too small (compared to other European hotels), and the bed was comfortable enough for my husband and I and our 1 year old to share (it said it was a double but it was probably between an american double and an american queen). We never would have gotten a crib/cot in the room (but I don't think they offered). The room we got was the cheaper of the two offered by the hotel. Free Internet access in the lobby was a big plus!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wks
<Content>Wonderful hotel All the wonderful reviews of this hotel are accurate. A lovely hotel in a very pleasant area of Paris. Of note is the addition of free internet in the hotel and a computer in the lobby for guest use. In addition to the regular continental breakfast there is simple breakfast (juice, coffee, croissant)for 6 euros and you can order cereal, eggs, etc for a moderate supplement. The staff is very competent and helpful. The only negative was the standard double did not have any drawers for organizing personal items.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mil4d
<Content>A charming little hotel We had a fantastic 6 days stay in Paris and it is really wonderful to be able to come back to a comfortable hotel room, after a long day of tripping around Paris, to relax before venturing out into the cold in search of a place for dinner.There are plenty of restaurants to choose from nearby without having to go too far afield. The room is clean and tastefully decorated, very French, and is spacious. There is coffee and tea making facilities, cutlery, glasses for wine, iron, ironing board. All in all, it is a well equiped room, with most things we needed to make our stay a comfortable and pleasant one. It has separate toilet and bathroom which is great for us. We also were fortunate enough to have a room with a view of the Eiffel tower, a delightful view at night.The location is an added bonus. A wonderful cheese shop directly across the hotel where we sampled some delicious goat cheeses and the staff there is friendly and helpful. Nearby there are fruit shops, butchers, cafe, bakerie,slaundries and the list goes on. It is near the subway station, bus stop and is within walking distance to most places. We simply love walking, as there are so many interesting little streets around and lots of interesting shops to look at.The hotel also provides free internet access, which to us is wonderful as we can keep in touch with the family.We would gladly recommend this hotel to our friends and would stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pozosgto
<Content>A great hotel Just back from a week's stay at the Relais Bosquet. The hotel is in great condition and very clean. Our room couldn't have been nicer. The people working there are friendly and competent. Gerard was outstanding. Feel fortunate to have chosen this hotel. All positive comments we found on tripadvisor were accurate.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MikkiBlau
<Content>A Masterpiece in Paris You will not find another hotel like this in Paris at the same affordable price. Everything about this hotel is unbeatable. The room was large enough to move around in and relaxingly appointed in bright, airy golden tones. And no squeezing into a tiny, sparsely lit bathroom; this bathroom was clearly remodeled recently and was impeccably clean, with bathtub/shower combination and lots of light. The best part about this hotel is the staff. From the minute I made my reservation to the time I checked out, we received nothing but courteous and friendly service, all delivered with a smile. And feel free to communicate with them by email! They are attentive and responsive to questions or concerns. In addition, they are quite knowledgable and more than prepared to offer whatever advice the new (or returning!) traveller to Paris needs. The lounge area in the lobby even sports recent editions of some of the popular city travel guides to Paris. They offer a continental breakfast, but we did not try it.The other fabulous part about this hotel is it's location. It is on a cosy side street just 5 minutes walk from the Ecole Militaire Metro station. With the Tour Eiffel, shops, varied restaurants, a market, and drugstore right there at it's doorstep, one doesn't have to go far to satisfy whatever needs come up.I have stayed in many hotels around Europe. Hotel Relais Bosquet is the first to cover ALL the essentials of a perfect stay!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Divingguy
<Content>A gem! Everything in these glowing reviews is true This wonderful little hotel has garnered some great reviews on this site. They're all true. The Relais Bosquet is quiet, clean, friendly, honest, efficient, and a great value. Located just a short walk from the Ecole Militaire Metro station, it provided a great base for 6 days of Paris enjoyment. You cannot go wrong here. While you're there, try the Paris Walks tours... a great way to learn and enjoy the city. Realis Bosquet made the stay a joy. Thank you!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mayflye
<Content>A Gem!       Lobby  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lumelux
<Content>Loved the view       Dining Room  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cgilmore
<Content>Loved it! We rented the apartment via the hotel. It is justdown the street from the hotel. It had one bedroomand a pull out sofa in the living room. We are a family of 4 and our boys are only 5 and 7 year so it worked out perfectly. Everything in the apartment is new and it has a welcoming decor. It has it's own private patio which due to the time of the year and rain we didn't get to use much. The kids did go out there and play for a bit though. I can imagine in the summer the patio would be amazing. It had a washer/dryer so I just packed light and did laundry.It is about a 5-10 min walk to the Ecole Militare Metro stop, a few minutes from Rue Cler, restaurants,grocery store, bakery. A previous review said to try pizza Tina. It was so delcious we got take out there twice and ate in once! The pizza, pasta couldn't be beat. It was so great we didn't want to leave!Part of me hates to write this review since I would love to keep it a secret so when we return we can get a reservation but Trip Advisor has been such a help to me that I had to give back.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>radio71
<Content>Stop looking! You won't beat this place.       Lovely little lobby of the hotel. Internet access is cheap there.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>090909
<Content>Extra Amenities, Perfect Location My husband and I stayed at Hotel Relais Bosquet October 2005 for 3 nights during our first stop on a 3-week journey through Europe. The hotel was 150 euros/night (about $180 US) and did not include breakfast. We were very pleased with the hotel overall and will stay here when we return and will also recommend to friends. Here's a rundown ...Spacious (by Europe's standards) modern bathrooms with plush towels and wash clothes - a rare luxury in Europe; spotless rooms that were well-maintained and cleaned daily; professional, helpful English-speaking staff; terrific location (right next to Rue Cler, which is the pedestrian-friendly food market, so delicious food is a stone's throw away); best boulangerie in Paris for breakfast and for patisseries (located on the corner across from delicious Cafe du Marche, which serves excellent Parisian cafe fare for reasonable prices); hotel is located a short 5-minute walk to the Eiffel Tower; free Internet access in the lobby; quiet neighborhood (request a room facing the courtyard for maximum quiet); black-out blinds, which would be helpful during the summer months.The hotel charges 6.5 euros/person additional for a standard, uninspiring continental breakfast, which is served in their lobby. I would recommend forgoing this expense and instead visiting the boulangerie for delicious breads and pastries and then walking 5 more steps to Cafe du Marche to sit and enjoy your breakfast and order coffee, juices, etc. at the cafe.Although the room was a bit expensive, we were happy with the extra amenities Hotel Relais Bosquet affords. Many US travelers might find the size of the rooms very small by US standards, but these rooms are fairly large by Europe standards and the bathrooms are especially large and modern. If you want to stay in this perfect Paris neighborhood but are on budget, try Champ du Mars, which is located 2 doors down from Relais Bosquet. We met several travelers who were staying there and were very happy with this hotel (its rate was less than 100 euros/night). Otherwise, stay at Relais Bosquet for a terrific experience.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GrrlAnn
<Content>Very nice hotel               
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>frenchbull
<Content>relais bosquet - 1bdrm apartment               
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>darrennelson
<Content>Great little hotel               
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel Just returned from a wonderful 4 day trip to Paris. Our hotel Relais Bosquet was great. Room was lovely and clean, with a wonderful view of the Eiffel tower. Both Gerard and Frederika were most helpful with any questions we had. very well appointed rooms with everything you need, quiet and peaceful, 2 minutes to Metro station and of course Rue Cler. We will go back for sure.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>chewpei
<Content>small room, but very comfortable We stayed here for 5 nights and grew to appreciate the hotel more the longer we stayed. Our first impression wasn't great -- the halls were dirty and the standard room was very small. The bathroom was fairly large. But we loved the neighborhood -- lots of places to eat, close to the metro, close to the Eiffel Tower, convenient to stores for food, and we felt very safe walking at night too (we were a mother and teenage daughter this trip). The a/c is a basic we take for granted in the US, but much appreciated for being able to close the windows and block street noise even. We loved the room darkening blinds especially since it was light past 10 p.m. in July. It was nice to have a minibar fridge big enough for our morning juice (we didn't have breakfast at the hotel -- didn't look like much either). The halls were cleaned every other day it seemed, but the room was always kept very clean and the bathroom was well stocked and clean as well. The staff was helpful -- some more than others. It was funny to see all the Americans in the neighborhood with their Rick Steves' books! One piece of advice -- don't take his Roissy bus/metro suggestion for getting to the hotel. It took us almost three hours to get there as the bus was late and then drove around the airport for a half hour picking up more people, and then drove through city traffic for over an hour. The hotel recommended a shuttle which we took back to the airport and they were great. Try Pizza Tina for dinner.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This hotel may be unsafe for women travelling alone! On July 6, 2005 I arrived from dinner at 12:30 am to my hotel, Hotel Relais Bosquet. I had been at this hotel for 9 days visiting my daughter in Paris. This is the 4th visit to this wonderful neighborhood hotel that is very pretty with a very lovely staff. That evening the night desk clerk became very agressive upon my arrival. He pulled me into the basement kitchen to get wine from the refrigerator. I managed to get back up the stairs. He then tried to come to my room. I quickly went up the stairs to the room of a friend and her son to learn that his behavior toward her had been much the same. The next morning I, along with my female friend and her son who were also guests in the hotel, filed a formal written complaint against the actions of the night desk clerk with the hotel manager. We learned that he had worked there for 4 years. The hotel sent both of us roses and champagne as an apology. On the early evening of July 7, the manager asked all of us to confront this man with our written complaints in both English and French. He began to scream at me and call me a liar. I left the area and called American Express to assist me to find another hotel immediately. The hotel did not fired this man. I had reservations to return to the hotel July 14 for 3 nights. The hotel suggested I go elsewhere because he would be remaining in employment there. The hotel did not charge me for my last 2 nights at the hotel. The hotel did not charge the other woman and her son for 2 nights, also. We both checked out on July 8 and did not return the next week as planned.I consider this an unsafe hotel for women who may be travelling with another female friend, son or daughter, or alone. It makes me very sad because I have loved the hotel and the location. I moved to the Intercontinental Hotel for the return to Paris.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the hotel, but disappointed with service! We just returned from a 5 day stay in Paris and we had a wonderful time! The weather was a little chilly, but overall it was a great trip! We stayed at the Relais Bosquet and were pleasantly surprised at how nice the rooms were! They were spacious, and the bathroom was large  clean. The towels were a good size, and the shower had good water pressure and warm water through the entire shower! Only problem we had was the shower curtain clinging to your body as you showered, but that is minor! However, after reading so many positive reviews regarding the hotel staff, we were disappointed with our experience. We did not feel that the staff was helpful and welcoming. Many of them would look down at their computer and busy themselves as we walked in rather than having to speak to us. They always said Bonjour, but did not look like they wanted to deal with us other than that. When we did have questions, they answered them, but never went beyond that. I had emailed some questions in advance, and my email was never acknowledged. Overall, we felt that the hotel staff was the least friendly and helpful people that we encountered in Paris. We had expected much more! That being said, we still enjoyed our stay at the Relais Bosquet, and would recommend it to anyone based on the quality of the rooms and the location. We loved walking down to Rue Cler to get our breakfast every morning at the corner patisserie. We had a great meal at Cafe du Marche down the street. The hotel was a short walk to the Eiffel Tower, Metro stop, RER stop, and other sights. Definately a convenient location and a pleasant neighborhood!  
<Date>May 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>markandjulie
<Content>Je t'aime Paris! My husband and I spent 4 nights at the Relais Bosquet. From our 5th floor window we could see the top of the Eiffel Tower. The hotel is convenient, charming, and the staff was very warm and inviting. Our room had a refrigerator and electric room-darkening shades which my husband loved! There is free internet service in the lobby. The Rue Cler district is great - with fresh fruits, vegetables, breads, cheese, chocolates, etc. just steps from the front door of the hotel. The 7th arrondisment is a very nice neighborhood. It is just a short walk to the Eiffel Tower, Les Invalides, and Ecole Militaire metro stop. We even walked from our hotel to Notre Dame and the Louvre! The hotel arranged shuttle service from CDG airport for us. A great find!  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Should we tell you? We recently stayed at THE RELAIS BOSQUET and had a wonderful few daysThe rooms were spacious by French standard,the beds very comfortable and the ensuite clean light and airy and the towels changed every day.Unlike most medium priced hotels in Paris we had tea and coffee facilities and a fridge and a superb view of the Eiffel Tower illuminated at night.We ate out for breakfast a couple of mornings but then decided to try breakfast in the hotel. It was the best we had and although it appears expensive it was cheaper than other places because you were not paying for coffee by the cup. It was a very good continental breakfast and lasted us all day.So don`t be put off.There were many good restaurants around to suit all pockets and we found the staff very knowledgeable about places to eat. The staff were very helpful on all sorts of matters and we thought this hotel was a real find.It`s also superblysituated for the Metro and bus service.Please don`t tell too many people about it or else we won`t get in next year. We really enjoyed APRIL IN PARIS 2005  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful find We stayed at the Relais Bosquet for five nights and loved every minute of it. The staff is among the best of any hotel we've stayed in world-wide, including Ritz-Carltons. They are always smiling and happy to help with whatever you need. We had a upgraded room with a view of the Eiffel Tower. It was large for a Paris hotel..bed and pillows were wonderful..bathroom very large with nice thick towels and washclothes. The neighborhood is wonderful too. Metro just a few short blocks away. Great bakery right next door. I highly recommend this hotel. You won't be disappointed!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GroovyYaYa
<Content>Can't wait to go back... I stayed at the Hotel Relais Bosquet in October 2004 with my family - what a wonderful hotel, in a fantastic location. I had the opportunity to stay in two different rooms - first night with a cousin that was able to be with us for a day and a night, then I moved into a 3 bed room with my folks to save money. Both rooms were very clean, very comfortable (even the rollaway I was on). We could see the upper half of the Eiffel Tower from our room, and the Rue Cler was a wonderful place to try local foods to create a picnic, or even buy a sandwich to put in your backpack (to eat on a sightseeing bus or outside somewhere in between sights). The Eiffel Tower is definitely within walking distance (good place to catch the hop-on, hop off buses) A metro stop is also conveniently nearby.I would definitely stay here again if I have the opportunity to visit Paris again.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous!!! We stayed here in November; unfortunately it was our second hotel as our first one was very disappointing. We arrived in the morning, exhausted as we had not slept well and thinking that we were just expecting too much in European hotels--- The minute we arrived things looked up; our room was very spacious (esp. for France) with a large bed (perfect for a 64 husband) and a clean, good sized bath. We were able to comfortably plot our day from our huge bed and had plenty of room for luggage etc. We were in the Rue Cler neighborhood literally down the street from many wonderfully shops and cafes. We can't say enough about this hotel; the staff was absolutely wonderful (Gerard in particular but everyone was great). I really think you can't go wrong with this hotel; it has a Parisian feel and is not generic but also is very comfortable and reasonably priced. Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, very charming hotel I just came back from Paris, and I have to highly recommend this hotel. The location was superb. Less than 10 min. walking distance to the Eiffel Tower, a metro station 1 1/2 blocks away, great restaurants and cafes, grocery stores to get your basics (i.e. water, chips), gourmet shops, ATMs, bus stops...I can keep on going. Next time I go to Paris, I'm staying at the same hotel.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>klf0963
<Content>Wonderful Trip Just returned from a long weekend at the Bosquet. The hotel was very clean and comfortable. The double (king, I think) bed was firm -- great after a long day of sightseeing. The location was an easy walk to the TourEiffel, Invalides, and much more. Don't miss the Rue Cler early in the morning as the shop keepers clean the sidewalks and set up for the day. We used the Yellow Van Shuttle (booked throught the hotel) which was a good value and punctual. Buy the museum multi-day pass, and if you are a walker skip the Metro carne or passport. In 4 days we used the RER once to Versailles and the metro once to Montmarte. Special thank you to Frederika for her warm welcome and helpful suggestions.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mjb68
<Content>A Very Nice Hotel My wife and I had our first trip to Paris in January 2005. We are pleased that we stayed at Relais Bosquet. Our room was an adequate size; it was tastefully decorated; we enjoyed the view of the Eiffel Tower; and the bed was comfortable. We also appreciated the internet access and the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff. We enjoyed the proximity to the Eiffel Tower, Rue de Cler, the Ecole Militaire metro, and wonderful boulangeries and cafes. We will return to Paris, and we plan to stay again at Relais Bosquet.   
<Date>Feb 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SanRamonTraveler
<Content>Loved the Hotel Relais Bosquet We just returned from a 7 day/6 night stay at this hotel and it was wonderful. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. They provided us with some great restaurant/cafe recommendations and helped us figure out which metro trains to take to get to major sites. On our last night there, the night clerk even gave us a ride to the Latin Quarter and showed us around! The room was comfortable (we had a standard twin) with a nice bathroom (tub/shower) and we even had a partial view of the Eiffel Tower out of our window (all that for 105 Euro's). Best of all though, is the location of this hotel in the Rue Cler neighborhood. If you want to stay in a residential neighborhood with a 10 minute walk to the Eiffel Tower and a 25-30 minute walk to the Orsay and Rodin museums, a cheese shop, small supermarket, numerous patisseries, wine shops, deli's, cafes, and boutiques around the corner then this is the place for you!   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed here for three nights in Jan 05 and loved it. The rooms are small, but are well-appointed. The lobby is a bit dated, but don't let that discourage you. The staff is great and the location ideal. We would stay here again without hesitation. Just don't eat at 'Le Bosquet'. You can't go wrong with the Cafe du Marche. Both a short walk from the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The hardest bed in my whole life My husband and I spent a week in Paris on Jan. 2004 and we've booked this hotel because of several reasons: 1. The feedback was positive.2.The hotel looks very cozy in the photos.3. The location was very convenient.When we got to our room, it was quite small, with quite a few spots on the carpet, but the decoration of the room was welcoming and warm. When we went to bed, after five minutes my whole body started to ache because of the hard bed. It seemed that the floor would be softer. The bed also was shortso my husband's feet were hanging in the air. Well, I almost didn't sleep that night, nor the following two nights. On the third night, someone was smoking in the lobby and all the smoke got into our room and we had to sleep with an open window. This was the last drop and in the morning we mowed to Marriott that had a room twice as big and a huge comfortable bed. What a change! Although we missed the personality of the Relais Bosquet hotel.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible city, wonderful hotel... My wife and I had the pleasure of spending 4 nights here in July 2004, and couldn't have been happier. It was my first visit to Paris, and the location in the Rue Cler neighborhood was superb. Quaint shops, great cafes and bistros EVERYWHERE you turn, and only a couple blocks from the Metro. We even had a view of the Eiffel Tower! Our room was very clean and comfortable, the bathrooms were modern and spotless, and the air conditioning was a lifesaver in the summertime. Also, the elevator, roughly the size of a telephone booth, is both fun and a real welcome to Europe. We laughed for hours! For only 105 euro, it's hard to beat The Relais Bosquet. The staff was helpful and friendly, as were all the Parisians we spoke with. Can't wait to go back, and will definately recommend this hotel to others.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Historiana
<Content>Great Neighborhood, Great View A friendly staff for a small hotel in Paris. Staff was very accomodating in providing information. Our room was very comfortable, well-maintained, and had a terrific view of the Eiffel Tower. Wonderful neighborhood with plenty of restaurants within walking distance  convenient to a metro stop. Too many Americans but the charming neighborhood makes up for it. There is even a bakery next door so the aroma of fresh baked breads greets you in the morning.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NancyCA
<Content>Great hotel This was not my first stay in this neighborhood; however, it was the first time for the Relais Bosquet. Its excellent reputation is well-deserved.The staff at the desk are very knowledgeable, the room was clean and well-appointed, and guests can even use the hotel computer.Moreover, the location is ideal.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Visit We just returned from first visit to Paris at the Hotel Relais Bosquet. It was everything Trip Advisor had promised from prior guests and their testimonials. After an overnight flight we arrived and found our room ready. The bath was spotlessly clean. The bedroom had a very comfortable king with air cond., refrig, retractable blinds, and nicely decorated. However, no closet, and a somewhat awkward cabinet for clothes. Room was very quiet. Gerard and others at the front desk were very friendly, gracious, and accomodating. The Rue Cler market and neigborhood is wonderful..... hotel is just a block away from the Ecole Militaire metro stop. I would recommend the hotel and would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>unn
<Content>Good Location, pleasant manager We just spent 2 nights at the Relais Bosquet and it was very enjoyable. The location is very close to the Eiffel Tower as well as many museums, etc. We had a 5th floor room with a wonderful view of the Eiffel Tower. There is complimentary coffee/tea in the room, and there are washcloths. While the room wasn't large and needs updating, it was more than adequate for us.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel has a fabulous location, a short walk to the Eiffel Tour, Napolean's Tomb, Rodin and D'Orsay Museums. The Metro stop is 1.5 blocks away, post office 2 blocks away, and the wonderful street market Rue Cler is just at the end of the block. Several bakeries and Cafe's are within a 2 block radius. The desk staff were very helpful and courteous at check-in and check-out, and also offered help with directions and the many other tourist questions we asked. The desk staff booked our city tour for us as well. The room was clean and comfortable with air-conditioning, mini-bar and electric black-out blinds. This Hotel was an excellent value in Paris, we would stay there again in a minute!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful experience The Relais Bosquet is a great Parisian hotel. The manager, Gerard, is courteous and very helpful. We had a fifth floor room with a view of the Eiffel Tower that was absolutely breathtaking at night. The rooms are spacious, clean and well appointed. We purchased pasteries at the corner bakery and ate breakfast in our room with the complementary coffee and tea. The location is extremely convenient with the Rue Cler just a block away, the Eifell tower about a ten minute walk, sidewalk cafes all around, and the Metro one block away. We walked to Napolean's Tomb, the Rodin, the Louvre and the Orsay Museums. We will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel-Highly recommended My husband and I stayed here for 8 nights and couldn't have been more pleased! Beforehand, the hotel answered all of my e-mails promptly. The staff was courteous and helpful. Our room was very nice and had a great view of the Eiffel Tower out our window! The hotel is located in a great location-about 1 1/2 blocks from a metro and is near many cafes, grocery stores and a bakery that we visited on a daily basis. Air conditioning was a plus in the August heat and there was free Internet access. We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Paris!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GD123
<Content>Great Hotle We stayed at this hotel in July 2004. It was in a nice quite residential area, but close to the Metro and sites like the Eiffel Tour (15 minute walk). The room was small (typical for France), but modern, clean and air conditioned. We were two steps from a grocery store and bakery. The area also had many resturants and some shopping. The hotel had free Internet access. It doesn't have a resturant, but served breakfast for surcharge (fairly expensive). I would highly recommend staying at this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TeenFoodiesMom
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The Relais Bosquet worked out wonderfully for us. Our room was large and clean, and the automatic shades and air conditioning kept it dark, cool, and quiet at night. The location was wonderful, within walking distance of the Eifel Tower, the Paris sewers (a must see, especially if you have kids), and lots of restaurants. We loved the corner patisserie and enjoyed sitting outside drinking sodas and wine right at the cafe at the end of our street.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mountainwatch
<Content>The Best Yet This hotel is a wonderful place to stay. My husband and I were there for a week in June '04 and can't say enough nice things about it. The rooms were bright, clean, and spacious for a three star. It had a shower curtain, ironing board and iron, and an internet computer downstairs for the guests- plus the best staff we've ever encountered at a Paris hotel.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The most wonderful Parisian hotel My sister  I spent two glorious weeks at the Relais Bosquet in April this year and LOVED every minute of it. This was certainly not our first trip to France. However, this time we decided to rent an apartment. Big, gigantic mistake using the agency we chose. Wrong area, seedy, smelly apartment and the cost for that mistake was one full night rent just to break the lease. The big plus was finding Relais Bosquet and the sweet, friendly, helpful people. We will not stay anywhere else in Paris after finding them. It is bright, squeaky clean, decorated in beautiful colors, a refrigerator and two safes. shower  tub, fantastic electric blinds, excellent lighting, and the rooms are large and spacious with more than adequate storage. I noticed most of the reviews were for shorter stays than ours but within that two weeks time, we found nothing that disappointed us concerning the Hotel. It is convenient to dry cleaners, Caf茅 de Marche (yummm) a neighborhood bistro with excellent food and terrific service; a grocer that also carries the wonderful French coffee, Caf茅 Noir; bakeries, pastry shops, chocolates, fantastic chocolates, flower shops, a post office just around the corner, a perfect shop to purchase very economical luggage to bring all the French treasures home one did not plan on - like $29 for a very large duffle with zippers  pockets  locks, oh, and at that same shop, large Paris bags with various designs  Eifffel Tower keychains attached sold much cheaper than we found elsewhere, bus stop nearly at the door, two Metro stops very close by, ATM nearby. Can't say enough good things about the owner and his staff. They tolerated our poor French with their excellent English, went far beyond what most concierges would go to help us. There is not one of those people I would not truly want to invite into my home, including the housekeeping staff. This group of people are exceptional which may account for the exceptional beauty of the Hotel. Stay here one time and you've found your home away from home in Paris.   
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It! We loved the RB! After much research, depending heavily on comments here, we chose the RB for our first non-tour venture in Paris this month. We could not have been more pleased. There were 3 of us there for 6 nights and we had a charming, spacious room with comfortable beds (lovely linens), a great bathroom with shower curtain AND wash cloths. Near the metro, short walk to Tour Eiffel and great neighborhood restaurants and shops. The staff is wonderful--personal, friendly, helpful. Loved it! Loved Paris!  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Relais Bosquet My husband and I stayed at the hotel Sept. 2003 and loved the hotel, staff and general area. We became hysterical when the elevator door opened because it was SO small!! Our room was a nice surprise, bright,clean and perfect size. Quiet, too. A coffee maker in the room was great to have in the am. Only had breakfast there once because there are so many cafes and bakeries around. Metro and Eiffel Tower are within 5-10 min. walking distance. Took metro to Monmarte, loved the area. Ate at several local cafes and restaurants, our favorites were La Florimund a short walk away and La Polidor in the 6th arrondiss. not far from Luxembourg Gdns. People were friendly and appreciated our lame attempts at French. Take the Seine pm cruise, use the Batobus on the Seine to get around and buy treats on Rue Cler and at Flo Prestige, a gourmet take-out store. Will go back to Paris next spring but may try an apartment, if not, we will definitely stay here again.   
<Date>May 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location We stayed here from 4/15-18, 2004 and loved it. Great location right next to the pedestrian street Rue Cler. Big, clean rooms with A/C and the coolest electric blinds we've ever seen!! Helpful, english speaking people to help. It also has a view of the Eiffel Tower which was important since on our first day in Paris we got engaged there!!  
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming Hotel, Excellent Location!   showReview(1764903, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PaulinNJ
<Content>Warm and welcoming   showReview(1724650, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Impressed with Hotel's Quick Response to E-mail!   showReview(1511888, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ngl
<Content>Excellent hotel   showReview(1507231, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Relais Bosquet   showReview(1395326, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastique!   showReview(1072028, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Neighbourood Hotel   showReview(1032738, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>todonacho
<Content>Very Nice for the Price   showReview(992658, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(917296, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very french and quite perfect   showReview(859813, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dnapo
<Content>Ci siamo sentiti a casa nostra!   showReview(19101255, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>stedepi
<Content>Un buon albergo ad un buon prezzo, senza pretese   showReview(10937590, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

