<Author>LAfanla
<Content>Super Quiet and Clean Stayed Jan 1 to 4, 2009. Place was immaculately clean. Huge jacuzzi tub, seperate shower. Bed was comfortable. Full kitchen. Place was great and quiet, yet close to stores/malls (1 mile away). Close to Arizona Mills Mall, Target, McDonalds, many restaurants!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>RuthB
<Content>Enjoyed our Stay We just stayed at the Legacy Golf Resort for a week from October 3rd to October 10th. It was our first time to Arizona and really enjoyed it. Our room was immaculate and the kitchen was stocked with everything we needed. We ate breakfast in the condo every morning and had lunch at the Resort twice. The food was excellent in the restaurant. We drove to the Grand Canyon and Sedona for a couple of days. Amazing scenery!! We did lots of shopping and really enjoyed shopping at the Anthem Mills Outlet about a 30 minute drive North of the Legacy. We did the walk at 9:00 a.m. two of the mornings we were there with Jeannie! It was a little over an hr. and we were able to chat and get some exercise in while seeing more of the area. We used the pool area. They provided lots of towels and lounges and umbrellas for shade.They don't allow you to bring food into the pool area and we felt sorry for the families with young children because they were told they couldn't give their children their snacks. They could only eat the food sold in the pool area. There are lots of good restaurants within driving distance from the Legacy and also Scottsdale was fun to visit and not a far drive. I think we will definitely return to the Legacy but would make sure we didn't get room 10113 again. It was backing on to the cleaning supply room and we were disturbed numerous times in our sleep by staff going in and out of this room. When they were talking on their walkie talkies it was like they were in the room with us!! We could have complained but we were too lazy to change our room by the time we realized this was a problem.Also, I just want to add the staff were all very friendly and service was very good.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Arizona-Jim
<Content>The Legacy is a Legacy We just returned from our 3rd stay at the Legacy Golf Resort in Phoenix, AZ. As usual it was a pleasure, being a Timeshare Resort the rooms are like staying at a friends condo. The rooms are clean and beautifully decorated with all the ammeinites of home. The front desk and concierge service is excellent and the whole staff very friendly, courteous and professional.The restaurant is fantastic as well. The service is very good and the food and selection good as well. One morninh at breakfast when a large party came in ahead of us it took a bit longer to get our order and the manager came over and gave us our meal at no charge because of the wait and since we were checking out that morning also called the front desk to let them know we were going to be a little late.Our overall experience was excellent and we already have another stay booked next month.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sundevil08
<Content>The one bedrooms are awesome We stayed in the room 2205 which is a one bedroom condo. The tub was huge, the room was clean, and the view was really nice. We did have a hot water issue, but management took care of that immediately. The manager that we spoke to was efficient, helpful, and super concerned with the quality of our stay. I really couldn鈥檛 ask for more! Overall, the place is beautiful. I am sure your experience will differ depending on your view, but if you can get a room that faces the golf course then you are in luck! It was very relaxing!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>DAofPHX
<Content>Keep In Mind: Legacy is an exchange resort, not a hotel Be aware, Legacy is a vacation exchange resort, not a hotel. Upon arrival, there was no baggage assistance, our luggage was stored in an unlocked conference room since they stuck VERY closely to their 4PM check-in time. The desk staff was not that competent in handling our check-in and room assignment. There is only one restaurant with limited operating hours, and when our large party (10) arrived one evening for dinner about an hour before closing, we were absolutely assured (without us asking!) by the bartender that there was no way he would serve after the 9pm closing time! 9pm, on a Friday night, for a party of 10 (and others already dining)! Not to mention it took a long time to receive our cocktails and 4 of the 8 ordered were incorrect...The pool bar (serving food as well) closed several hours before the sun went down and the crowd diminished. No pool toys or rafts are allowed in the pool, and the Pool Nazi made sure you did not bring ANY beverages to the pool area, and hounded you with a copy of the written rules until you left or he took your beverages. The pools was very well maintained, plenty of lounge chairs and towels.The rooms (1-bedroom and 2-bedroom suites) were very well appointed, very clean and well-maintained. They had very good appliances, including a large refrigerator/freezer. The golf course was in very good condition, a good challenge, with free club rental and a very low rate for guests.As long as you are aware of the above, I would recommend Legacy for someone desiring a low-key, quiet get-away to the desert of Arizona. It is a long drive to Scottsdale and many of the other attractions of Phoenix.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	2	5	1	4	1	

<Author>pookybear30
<Content>The Jacuzzi Tub Rocks!! It was amazing to have the Jacuzzi tub in my room!! That, in my opinion, is the strongest selling point for me. It makes the whole experience complete. I stayed at the Orange Tree Golf Resort last year (another great hotel by Shell Hospitality) , and so I remembered it was very pleasant and was happy that the Legacy was as well.I wish that every resort had a jacuzzi tub option, but since they don鈥檛, Legacy and Orange Tree have my business every phx trip I make. Very clean too! I actually just booked another stay even though I had an option to stay at the Camelback Inn, because I truly think this hotel is a secret oasis and has much more to offer! The good rates are just a bonus!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Caressa
<Content>Legacy Golf Resort We stayed in the two bedroom unit. The rooms were very clean and contained nice amenities. The pool area is nice. I ordered food from the restaurant and it was good. I felt like the stairs needed in front of the unit should have bleen blwon off, there was a lot of debris. My son complained about the rusty colored stuff that came out of the whirlpool tub jets. Other than this, everything about our stay was great.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>GTLEdmonton
<Content>Excellent Facilities I needed to get away from the rat race for a nice relaxing holiday somewhere. I found the Legacy Golf Resort on the internet and it seemed to have everything I required. (Sun, golf, pool, easy access to and from the airport, reasonably priced). I guess everything in Arizona would be less expensive in summer due to the heat factor, but even if the cost of the weeks stay was 2 or 3 times more it would be worth it. The staff were extremely friendly and very helpful. The room exceded my expectations. Very clean and well equiped with whatever one needs. The pool area was no exception, it too was cleaned daily and the area was well equiped and comfortable. The golf course was inexpensive and was a very nice course to play. The course staff were excellent representatives of a first a rate resort. Courteous and helpful in all aspects. I did not use the restaurant, therefore I am unable to comment in that regard, however, in keeping with everything else there, it was probably very good. They also have a very nicely equiped, maintained and air conditioned workout facility for an afternoon workout when the sun heats up to 110. This is a family oriented resort which is something new to me as I generally look for a more adult oriented vacation, however I wouldn't hesitate recommending this resort to anyone. As I am more for accustomed to adult only vacations I may look for something more along those lines in the future, but still give the Legacy Resort full marks overall.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>windsorlily
<Content>Great staff and services We have just returned from The Legacy having booked 11 nights in a one bedroom condo. All staff were very gracious and very proactive. We particularly booked here for the golf and were not disappointed, Mr Gaffney the manager and the golfing support staff were so professional in all their roles.We had not realised that daily housekeeping was part of the package and here staff really personalised the service with different little touches each day i.e. flannels shaped in various ways, flowers etc.Our only complaint was with the jacuzzi, which if your neighbours above chose to use theirs was extremely noisy. This unfortunately happened at 10:30 pm and 3:30am. The staff did respond quickly to our complaint at 3:30am and the noise ceased. We could not fault the facilities or staff. My husband and I would both recommend this resort to all age ranges.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Steve-Connie
<Content>Great place We have stayed here several times while in Phoenix. Both the suites and 1 bedroom condos are extremely comfortable and clean. The pool is very nice. The dining room is convenient and the food  service good.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NiceFunction
<Content>Outstanding service I arranged a Team Meeting at the Legacy for 14 people. The Event went off without a hitch. The resort is beautiful and the staff very friendly. The catering food was excellent. We only ate at the resorts resaurant 1 time and that was very good. I would stay there again and actually thought about buying a time share just so I could go back. I recieved positive feedback from the entire group. The studio suites were spacious and clean. Bathrooms seem newley updated. I would say the only down side would be that the Pool Bar closes at 5:30 p.m. while the pool stays open until 10p.m. and you can not bring in food or drinks from outside.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>lrubino1
<Content>great time at the legacy my parents time share exchange resulted in us staying at this property with my husband, two children and friends. Had a great time. Resort is lovely for a time share. Very clean, beautiful views, very accommodating, staff is pleasant. Our one bedroom was very roomy, felt cozy and warm with all the Arizonian desert colors. Close to all for shopping and site seeing. Loved it and would not even look to stay someplace else when returning to Southern Phoenx - plan to go back .  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nikke99
<Content>Beautiful Resort This was a wondeful experience. The resort staff was lovely, the rooms were perfect, clean, and spacious. We had a 2 bedroom lock-off. There were two external doors and a connecting door. The 'Hotel' side of the lock-off, which I assume can be booked on its on based on the set-up, had a patio, king bed, full bathroom, and a small refrigerator and microwave. The room would be perfect for a solo traveler or a couple. Although it had a sitting area that pulled out into a 2nd bed it wouldn't allow any privacy since it was one open room. The '1bedroom' side of the accomodations had a private bedroom area with master bath including a jacuzzi tub. The condo was quite large, had a full kitchen, a pull out sofa bed in the living room, and a patio. The resort is two levels and does not offer elevators. No daily housekeeping or towel changes.The resort grounds were beautifully kept and they offered an 18-hole golf course, shuffle board, and a gorgeous pool with pool bar. The onsite restaurant and bar were fantastic and were adjacent to the pro shop. The resort is fairly close to the airport, but most other adventures require a drive. We did take a day trip to Sedona, and the beautifully scenic drive took roughly 2 hours.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>travelbunnycritic
<Content>Friendly staff, little shade, big rooms I have to say, as a critic of almost all hotel staff....this place was the best I have experienced.....well...minus the Ritz Carlton. But that is a whole different kind of place.The staff was prompt, they were friendly, and very Polite on the phone. They even call back to make sure the problems, or requests have been taken care of. I was really impressed. Rooms were large enough, table seats 6 (in my room 1 bd)Laundry is handy, but loud. Should have been near entrance way instead. Had to turn up TV to hear at all.I am used to rudeness, no response at all, and horse play from the staff. Instead they were professionals.Amenities are nice.Things that this resort desperately needs.MORE SHADE around the pool. They have umbrellas attached to tables....but not enough trees, or umbrellas to shade the lounge chairs. In the day of skin cancer awareness this is a problem.Wireless for the rooms.Swings for kids playground. (more shade)The only real mishap we had was not being able to check into our room for 2 hours past check in time. Housecleaning had not gotten to it yet....and repairs were being done.We went to Botanical Gardens, Zoo, and Arizona Mills Mall, and Lake Pleasant. I recommend all these for your trip there.Lake Pleasant is at least 30 mins away. But the rest are about 5-7 miles away.To Eat: PLEASE go to the FARM which is located practically next door. They have 3 types of restaurants.....one for breakfast, one for lunch (picnic style) and fance dinner restaurant. You will feel like you are on a retreat. They have plenty of WIDE open space with grass, and in the distance they have the chickens, and veggies growing. The food is made and grown there....so fresh is for sure.Also...please check out the Secret Garden Restaurant VINTAGE MARKET...similar retreat type feel. Koi pond, and old 1929 spanish colonial home....with huge grassy park like area connected to restaurant. (meant for weddings).Ok....married 7 years....but if I were to get married again these are the 2 places that would be excellent choices for receptions.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cater2
<Content>Great stay at the Legacy Golf Resort I had a great experience at the Legacy Golf Resort. The one bedroom condo was immaculate, spacious and easily accessible.I was graciously greeted at registration by Nicole (who has a sparkling peronality). She was very attentive to my requests (as were the other staff that I encountered during my stay)The property is conviently located minutes from the airport and the downtown area (but you wouldn't know that when you are at the resort).I highly reccommend this property and as a frequently business travelor to the area plan to visit this property twice to three times a month.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FarmBride08
<Content>Beautiful Resort in Phoenix My husband and I stayed at the Legacy Golf Resort the weekend we got married. We also recommended the resort to our guests that were traveling from out of state. It was absolutely perfect and all our guests agreed. The resort itself is beautiful and they keep the grounds immaculate. We opted for the bigger of the two rooms offered and it worked out great that weekend. It had a full kitchen and separate living/dining area. It was perfect for myself and my two bridesmaids, moms, hairdresser, and makeup artist to all get ready for the big day. It was very comfortable and almost felt like we were getting ready at home. It was also nice to relax in the big two person jacuzzi tub each evening. If you are looking to get away for the weekend and suggest somewhere for out of town guests we would highly recommend the Legacy. Staying at the Legacy completed our fairytale wedding weekend!!! We look forward to coming back to celebrate our one year anniversary. Alisa and Bryan  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>express23
<Content>Recent Stay Resort is picturesque, the pool was great. Other than that the Staff was unfriendly and uninformative did not go out of the way to assist in questions or give out information. Golf was slow at best, many times there were four foursomes on one hole with two waiting on the tee box.Late on tee time by 1/2 hour. Took over 5 1/2 hours to play 18.Only has one restaurant on premises food was good. But no variety or atmosphere. Had to leave resort for any entertainment or variety.Also, quoted a price for stay and play and was charged another upon check out.....no one on site to talk to regarding this dispute, nor any return telephone calls after requesting such!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WindshearDon
<Content>Guys golfing had great time       Tennis Courts in great shape  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>GolferIdaho
<Content>Great golf, no-so-great complex If there was not a need to stay at the resort for the Vision54 golf school, we would not use the Legacy. There is only one restaurant and the beds/pillows were terrible. To call themselves a resort, they need to be more high end -- they need fluffy, large towels, assorted pillows, decent beds. We only paid $119 so at least the price was right. Also, we found out when we were leaving that the resort is located in a bad part of town - scary. If we went back to the golf school (which was fantastic) we'd stay somewhere else and drive in each morning.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>golfguy23
<Content>Happy returning customer Great resort with wonderful staff and GREAT golf course!! Was there 3 years ago and am returning this month for a week of relaxation with my family. I really don't know where the previous reviewer is coming from. He really doesn't give a solid base for his negativity. This place is great and I highly recommend the restaurant, staff and accommodations. The golf course has some aspects of a desert track but fairways are generous and all levels of players should be able to enjoy it. I take my teenage girls and wife to play and they love it. Looking forward to my next stay!!!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TR-Den
<Content>$300 resort? I don't think so! I paid $300 a night for this place? Give me a break! This property is not close to what I would have expected for a rate such as this. Even at $150 a night, you can do better elsewhere.Pros:Clean roomsNice landscapingPolite front desk staffKitchens in the room (if that is something that you want)Good food at the clubhouseApartment style layout for privacyBig deck off the roomGood golf courseWasher  Dryer in the roomDVD rentals in the lobyCons:Way overpriced for what you getNo two bed configurations (only 1 bed with a sleeper sofa)Annoying timeshare salespeopleNo valetNo room serviceNo bellmanCheap mattress, linens and towelsMaids did not come to clean my room until after 3:30pmNot enough parking close to your roomLocation of the property1980鈥檚 cabinetry in the kitchenNo pay-per view  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>jakethejanitor
<Content>Ho-hum Legacy Nice room. Bed not very comfortable. Location in a not very nice section of town (South Phoenix is heavily populated by gangs and drug dealers). Front desk frequently not attended. Grounds are well kept, but resort is overpriced, as is the food at the only restaurant on the property (a bar and grill). Breakfast buffet was pretty good. Overall, a mediocre resort.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BitTraffic
<Content>never again!!! Our stay at the Legacy Golf Resort was terrible.. There was blood, yes blood in our bathroom, and a long black hair on our bath towel!! :| When we called the manager, Andrew, he came to our room to verify our claim.. along with the executive housekeeper.. They were both very appalled and look amazingly disgusted as we were, they had house cleaning come up, which arrived at 9:30, and was still cleaning at 11, when we had to check out.. needless to say, we got dressed in secrecy, and did not get to take a shower! when we left our room, she was STILL CLEANING. above and beyond that they did not offer absolutely anything to accommodate for it! but hoped it would not change our opinion of the legacy! The representative Kami with Shell Vacations Resort was RUDE  unprofessional. I have never in my life had an experience with such a person. We regret staying at the legacy, will not be returning, and would advise you not to either!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	1	3	

<Author>PhoebeSoCA
<Content>Vision 54 @ Legacy Golf Resort I stayed at the Legacy Golf Resort to attend the Vision 54 golf class hosted at the site. My studio room was clean, comfortable, and reasonably well-maintained. It also had a nice view out to the golf course. The kitchenette made it very easy to take care of meals, and the resort did a really good job coordinating with the golf school for cart and course usage, mid-day meals, club storage, and more. The golf course itself was in excellent shape and set up to be both playable and challenging for players of all levels.I did not get a chance to take advantage of all the ammenities that the resort offers, as my time was pretty well committed to the golf class, but there appeared to be a nice pool, shuffleboard, and the concierge service was running regular events and excursions.Overall, a really nice stay.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>lorriv20
<Content>Smaller than website shows; but stil a great value! I was slightly disapointed whne we first entered the door, because the room was smaller than it appeared on the web site photos. However, the disapointment did not last long. The one bedroom condo was still a fantastic room. The bathroom was wonderful. The walk in shower was large enough for two, as was the whirlpool tub, which was a great stress buster at the end of the day. The kitchen was fully stocked and contained everything you could possibly need. The in room washer and dryer allowed me to retuen home with clean laundry. I was also very pleased with the level of customer service that was provided. It was prompt and polite, and everything we needed was provided with a smile. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Superstitious_SAK
<Content>Love The Legacy       Patio at The Legacy  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>1508
<Content>great choice for quiet relaxation A convenient 10 minute drive from the airport. but you never hear planes. Surrounded by nurseries, a few condo places and some rural homes it is very quiet here. 10 minutes from outlet mall Arizona Mills and quick access to freeways for 30 minute drive to Anthem Outlets and about 35 minutes to Old Scottsdale  Fashion Square Mall (regular retail - more designer shops). Not a large number of restaurants around but Gallaghers is good for those wanting to view sports on many TV screens and the restaurant at the Legacy has never disappointed. Rooms are extremely clean - lower rate given on service only because housekeeping missed us a couple of times during our week visit. This was my 3rd visit here. They have a slightly odd set up in that some rooms patios look over the parking lot.If you are staying for a longer period - say a week be sure to keep one day aside for the 2 hour drive to Sedona - its red rock formations  scenary are spectacular. Grand Canyon is 4.5 hours away so try to plan for overnight stay there if time allows.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EveOntario
<Content>It was okay... My husband and I stayed here not for the golf but for the spa benefits and great corporate rate they gave us. It was well located, close to malls, highways etc. Once we arrived, we were impressed by how well the grounds were kept and how large the complex was. Beautiful view from our room of the South Mountain. The pool was clean, people who worked there were friendly and professional. However, there were some issues with noise with thin walls between units. Also, the room we were in had a patio door facing the main driveway, (we were on the 2nd floor) and the noise from cars and golf carts driving back and forth was a little disturbing, especially around the end of the day. Also, the room needed to be refurbished and carpet cleaned. I must also reiterate though that the staff was very happy to help and very accomodating. When we arrived for an early check-in, we were mistakenly given a room that had just been checked out of a few hours prior, so everything was a mess! However, we were offered another room but we said we would wait AND we were also given free lunch at the restaurant. Not too bad a place, really, even if you don't golf!Laura from Ontario, Canada  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>longball44
<Content>Great Place To Stay !! We booked the Legacy through Preferred Access and really enjoyed our one week stay. At first we had a studio but upgraded to a 1 bedroom after walking through the models of each. It would be easy to stay in a studio here but the 1 bedroom feels more like your own home. Lots of parking, the on site restaurant is small but the food is great. Staff if friendly too. Washer  dryer in each room (even the studios) and the full kitchen is nice and has everything you need. Go buy some groceries and move right in. There is a Fry's market about 1 1/2 miles away.Only downsize to this resort is no free Internet in the rooms. You have to pay $9.95 per day to get online.Pretty much in the middle of the Phoenix area with easy freeway access. Quiet and clean rooms.We will definitely be back to The Legacy.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>btowndude
<Content>Well-Kept Secret - Super Stay! I booked through Priceline and got the studio for $40 a night. I upgraded to a one bedroom suite. These are time-share condos - the studio is the one bedroom lockout unit - and - the one bedroom is the larger unit with full kitchen. These units are clustered into two story, eight plex units with no elevator. I had a nice view of the golf course from the living room, dining room, and bedroom. I agree with all the positive statements made in prior reviews. The only negatives are: (1) There are only six parking spaces for every eight rooms. On Saturday nights, it is not unusual for some one to host a party and the guests use up most of the parking spaces. I counted 24 cars at 2 am with no parking permit last Saturday night. Security made no attempt to police the parking problem. So, if you plan to enjoy some of the nightlife, be prepared for a long walk from the golf course parking lot back to your condo; and (2) Housekeeping did not clean my room for the last two days of my stay. I did complain, but their solution was for me to leave my room from 6 pm - 7 pm so they had time to clean. Since they had from noon until 5 pm to clean, I did not go along with that solution. They gave me new towels only after a long discussion, but did not empty the trash. Although there is no wi-fi or free internet, there is free access to a computer with a printer in the lobby. It was great to print out my boarding passes, while waiting to check out. Also, if you have dial-up, the phone call is only fifty cents for an unlimited call. Typical of a time share, there was a king-size bed in the bedroom and a queen-size sofa bed in the living room. However, there were only two drawers and one small closet.Thankfully, there was lots of floor space to lay out suitcases.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	1	4	

<Author>miken515
<Content>Great We had the opportunity to stay at the Legacy twice in the last month. The facillities and accomodations were top notch and were especially great considering the reasonable price. We will definately be staying there in the future.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>heidigirl
<Content>Legacy Golf Resort Nice place with beautiful grounds  large units. Plenty of freeparking. They do charge for use of phone  no wifi.Best way to go is off hwy using Baseline rd. don't use Mapquest directions. Several resturants  coffee shop nearby. They haveresturant on site however did not use it since these units have full kitchens  like to eat in town. Ice machine was broke but they had one at other units nearby.some noise in unit wall i think from central ac units running.nicely decorated  very clean with 2 tv's in room.Pool very nice except for quite a few families w/kids and min. shade areas.Staff was helpful, golf course on site which adds to the nicegrounds. Part of property is private residences which are allgated. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>genekath
<Content>loved the suites The room was great, food excellent, and a great golf course. Would definately return.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>apops
<Content>Laud the Legacy I have been visiting the Legacy Golf Resort on 32nd St. in Phoenix regularly for the past 3 years and plan to continue to do so in the future. In comparison to other resorts in the Valley of the Sun I find that their golf course, accommodations, ammenities, and staff represent the Valley's best golf resort value by far. The golf course is kept in superb shape even in the heat of summer. The course is challenging, but a fair test for golfers of any ability. The practice facilities are extensive. The golf shop has a great selection of golf apparel, and you get a 25% discount just for filling out a questionaire. Swimming pool, restaurant, tennis, sand volleyball, hot tub, are also on property. Each morning guests have announcements on voice mail of planned activities available for that day. A one bedroom condo, will provide you with everything you need for a short or extended stay. Washer, drier, complete kitchens, stereo, 2 TV's, double vanity sink, jetted tub, separate room with standing shower and another single vanity sink, dishwasher, balcony, and dining area. Even the studios have dishwashers, washers, driers, fridge, sink, microwave, and 2 burner range. The area around the Legacy has restaurants at Arizona Mills Mall, movie theaters, and other attractions close by. Finally, I have found the friendliness and helpfulness of the staff to be all that a guest could ask for. Carol who has taken my reservations, to the girls at the registration check in desk, to Louie and Joe who are starters on the course, to Moto, one of the cart guys, to Nick Zell who has given me a lesson or two, to Chris, the head pro, to Chris Morrow in time share sales -- There are others, I just don't know all their names. The impression I get is that their friendliness is sincere. They come across as real people, being nice because that is the way they are, rather than the robotic types that serve you because they are paid to do so at other resorts I have visited.I look forward to my future visits. Nick, next we tackle the short game. lolSubmitted by Allan Popsack  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Que-z
<Content>Great stay at the Legacy We were in town for a wedding in April and booked a 1 bedroom unit at the Legacy Golf Resort for the weekend. We requested a unit close to the pool, on the 2nd floor with a view. I was plesantly surprised upon check-in that all my requests had been met. We loved our unit, it was very spacious, new kitchen, huge bathroom with jacuzzi, nice patio over looking the pool and golf area with a comfortable living room and dining room. I was sorry we had to check out after 2 days, I would have liked to have spent more time there. We travel to the Phoenix area several times a year to visit family and I wouldn't hesitate to return to the Legacy.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Europhile42
<Content>Wonderful views, great personnel Just spent a week at the Legacy Golf Resort. Although I don't play golf, I enjoyed the view over the golf course to the mountains. Both the grounds and the rooms were in excellent condition. The employees were friendly whenever I saw them and they were helpful when I had a question. I had several meals in the restaurant with friends and everyone praised the food. The location was convenient to the airport, freeways, and shopping. There is a major grocery store nearby to stock up the kitchen--which is complete with full-size appliances including a dishwasher and a clothes washer/dryer. I highly recommend the Legacy Golf Resort for an enjoyable stay in Phoenix.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LOCK410
<Content>Just doesnt get any better       balcony view  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wigintont
<Content>Golf Yes!!! Peace  Nice facility, not the best location in Phoenix, but lots of shopping within short drive. Room was very nice and clean with excellent maid service. They even start the dishwasher while you are gone. The property was very nice and the golf course was outstanding. The pool was nothing to write home about. Noisy, lots of kids and no service except @ the bar. The staff was very unfriendly (except the golf staff). You could count on one hand the number of times anyone spoke or ask if we needed anything. Golf staff was very accommodating and service oriented. ( it was 115 degrees) Woke up on July 4th nite to multiple (10-12) gunshots outside our window. Party erupted into the parking lot where gunshots took place with Police arriving to investigate. SCARY! Probably will try other facilities in Phoenix before I come back here!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>BajaMermaid
<Content>New rules--no bar service for the pool after 6 PM Four of us decided to enjoy Sunset by the pool with a few Margaritas. We went to dinner at a local restaurant and arrived at the pool near 6 PM. The guys in the group went to get drinks and were directed by the bartender to go to the clubhouse, as the pool bar was closing. The clubhouse told them that their liquor license did not allow them to serve us drinks to take to the pool. I questioned the bartender, who was very rude, and asked for a manager. The Manager, Ryan, confirmed that the concession to the restaurant and the pool bar had been sold to different parties effective Jan 2006. As a result, liquor laws did not allow them to serve liquor in the other location. We actually observed the pool staff confiscate someone else's drink. Later, we left the pool and went to the clubhouse for drinks and appetizers. Karen, an excellent waitress, indicated that while they could give us drinks in plastic cups to take to our room, we shouldn't take them to the pool because they would be taken from us. I can't imagine that a resort would expected vacationers not to enjoy a drink by the pool at sunset. It is an essential part of the vacation experience for me.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	1	2	2	

<Author>CoCoSandy
<Content>We had a great stay!       Balcony from our room  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>MacDaddyOmaha
<Content>Not bad, but some things that you need to be aware of First off, the resort is pretty nice. The facilities are very well maintained. Rooms are not very big, walls are very thin. The pool is a bit smaller than the pictures depict and is usually a bit of a walk from most rooms (music is a bit loud also). The weird part is were it's built. This is no Scottsdale!. The surrounding neighborhood is a bit rough to say the least. With that in mind you would expect there would be a security gate at the entrance, but low-and-behold there isn't. There are a few resteraunts on Baseline road, but for the most part your going to have to take a bit of a drive to find a decent place to eat. The golf course was the real savior here. Staff was great, course was very well maintained (even considering it was June), and very challenging  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	1	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mlehman
<Content>Nice Resort We stayed three nights at the Legacy. The grounds were beautiful, well kept. We stayed in a one bedroom unit. The unit was nice but the walls are thin. We could hear our neighbors talking. The restaurant was good. We ate there for breakfast and dinner. We tried on numerous occasions to call the conceirge but no one ever answered. When we called the front desk to ask our question she said she didn't know the answer and would transfer us to the conceirge. When he answered the phone all he said was ask someone else and hung up. I would say that was our only negative experience we had while staying there. When we ran out of coffee we walked to the front desk and asked for more and by the time we got back to our unit the coffee was waiting. When our toilet became clogged they had someone to our unit within minutes. Overall we had a great experience at the Legacy except for the concierge.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	4	4	2	

<Author>RunnerTraveler
<Content>Loved the Legacy Golf Resort We just returned from a week stay at the Legacy Golf Resort in Phoenix and the location was perfect for us. It was close to the airport and ASU(we attended graduation), yet it was quiet and away from the busy streets. A large grocery store was only a mile away, as was Starbucks, Target and many other stores. It has a GREAT outdoor pool for lap swimming and I found a paved running trail onlly a mile from the resort, so that I could do some 10 mile runs away from traffic. The 1 bedroom unit was spacious and quiet and we appreciated the DVD players and stereo unit. We did not golf while we were there or use the restaurants, so I can't comment on those.Some of the previous comments were negative regarding the (lack of) friendliness of the staff, and we really didn't have much contact with them as we were busy doing our own things. It is a timeshare, so there were daily phone messages to attend a presentation, but we never responded, nor did anyone confront us...we ignored the phone messages. (Much better than the way they hound you in Mexico.)We would definately stay there again.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	3	3	-1	2	

<Author>Trustingtraveler
<Content>Handy golf to airport. This resort has a great golf facility, with excelent golf staff. The rooms all have kitchens which are needed as the restaurant has limited service. The 2nd floor studio suites all appear to be located under loud mechanical devices, which would rate these rooms 2 star. The resort otherwise would be 4 star.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DTFISHER55
<Content>Consistently POOR service. Stayed here for a wedding in mid-April 2007. The property is great looking. The golf course is amazing. The pool is very nice. We will NOT be back! Why? Customer Service. They have 18 year olds running the place. There was one person at check-in. No rooms were ready before 400pm. A lot of guests were waiting to check-in around the pool all day. We all talked and we all had early check-in requests. The concierge was a 20 year old girl that spent her days emailing and text messaging on her cell phone. We would ask her a question and she would not even look up away from her phone. Mind you, we paid $109 a night because we were part of the wedding group, but I would have gladly paid more and stayed at the nearby Marriott resort. Seriously, do NOT stay here.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>FLplanner8
<Content>Great Place To STay The last week in March, we had a conference at a nearby hotel and used The Legacy Golf Resort for guest room overflow. The hotel was extremely willing to assist our members with all of their needs and everyone who stayed there found the accommodations and staff delightful. We would definitely use them again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KJOakPark
<Content>Legacy compared to Marriott Canyon Villas My wife and I stayed at the Marriott Canyon Villas (CV) in Scottsdale on a 3-day timeshare promotion. The Marriott was okay, but the CV we stayed in was quite cramped. The hall leading to our room was stark concrete, poorly lighted from the parking lot. You felt like you were in a crowded apartment building. It did not feel comfortable to walk, felt like a parking lot everywhere. You can use the JW Marriott across the road but you have to drive over or take a shuttle. We drove, then had a fairly healthy hike from the parking lot to the huge facility. Everything is huge, crowded, corporate. In contrast, we finished up our stay at the Legacy Golf Resort. The Legacy is a pleasant place, very well maintained. The rooms are larger and nicer than the Marriott. It feels human, pleasant to walk around, nice scale. While we liked the Wildfire Faldo course at the Marriott, the golf course at Legacy is very nice too, and probably a bit more challenging though comparable and much cheaper. The little restaurant in the club had a great veranda and very good food and service. The workout facilities were fine. A few blocks away is the Farm at South Mountain, 3 charming restaurants in one location for breakfast, lunch and dinner. We had a great breakfast there. All in all, we liked the Legacy better.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>shugnina
<Content>Great Time at the Legacy I booked a group at the Legacy and received great service, both prior to the stay and during. The staff was very responsive to our needs and provided prompt service. The staff met all of our needs and ensured the stay as pleasant. Check-in and check-out was easy. The rooms are beautiful and the grounds are very well kept. We will book at the Legacy again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TaylorC.
<Content>Great trip, Great hotel experience. We travel a lot and this year we landed in Phoenix in anticipation of staying at the Legacy Golf Resort. We've heard a lot about the resort from my husband's golf buddies. Overall the trip was great. The hotel was very clean, the staff went over and above for us, the rooms were spacious and nicely decorated. Overall we were very happy and highly recommend it!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OldBlueTortoise
<Content>Legacy Customer Service is Sub-Standard We recently booked a suite at the Legacy Golf Resort in Phoenix and had one of the worst customer service experiences that we have ever experienced during our travels. Upon check-in, the staff appeared to have little time to check in the guests that had arrived. After waiting in line for approximately half an hour, we were told that our room was not ready and there was no clear indication given when it would be ready. Upon further inquiry, including a request to speak to the management, we were finally given a room number and told that we could check in when house-keeping was finished cleaning the room. The reason given for the delay was that the previous guests had checked out late and the Resort had no control over this. However, as we approached our suite, we noticed that several of the other suites were still in the process of being cleaned, leading us to believe that the Resort was under-staffed.  One of the points made by management while we were booking the suite was the fact that we would love the room and it was worth the wait because we would have a wonderful view of the mountains / golf course from our upper balcony. When we were finally able to occupy the room, we stepped onto the balcony and had a wonderful view....of two Large Eucalyptus trees...which totally blocked any other view.  We have booked suites at this resort several times in the past and are very reluctant to do so in the future because of the poor customer service.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	1	3	1	1	3	

<Author>LoveTaa_Travel
<Content>Great Resort       Dobbins lookout point  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UsaTraveler907
<Content>Beautiful accomodations We stayed at The Legacy in September 2006 and found the accomodations to be very clean and beautifully decorated. There were two TV sets with DVD players, a kitchen, jacuzzi tub, dining room area, etc. The workout room was very well-equipped with up to date machines and TVs. Would definitely return!!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jazjoy
<Content>Longest Week of our Life! We traded a week of timeshare to stay here and what a mistake! The customer service was consistently bad, however the food was worse. The restaurant/bar was supposed to close at 10pm, but on 2 different nights, it closed early. Our sheets were too short and when we called about housekeeping, they offered to deliver sheets, but it stopped there. We had housekeeping once for the entire week. The shower head was like standing under a high pressure washer without any actual 鈥渟hower鈥? We were given bad information during check-in about the internet and then when questioned to resolve the issue, was told sorry, we can't do anything about it. Overall it was a disappointing resort and I would never recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ceallaigh
<Content>Only Fair In reading this review, you need to know that we don't golf and aren't too interested in a pool. We booked this room because it was the right price for what we thought would be a quiet and relaxing room for a week of shopping in Phoenix.1. Unless you go to a time-share presentation, you will never know the amenities of the place. There is nothing in the room--not even the restaurant's menu--but you will get a voice mail message EVERY morning telling you to come to the concierge desk for your welcome packet. The packet has only the family activities for the week and the concierge gives you a hard-sell pitch to go to the time-share presentation. We had a pretty full schedule and aren't new to Phoenix, so didn't want to waste time on the presentation. 2. The walls are thin. We heard everyone around us and their TVs--like a less-than-average motel. We heard no outside noise--no birds woke us up in the morning--but we did hear the rhythmic creaking of the bedsprings in the room above us.3. It is a pretty propery. Golf course views are relaxing. Having a kitchenette is helpful. The beds are comfortable. And the price is definitely right (we paid $109 for the studio). The concierges seemed to really know Phoenix well, from what we heard them telling other people. If you don't mind hearing your neighbors, or go in the off-season, it's a decent place--just nothing special.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Ringettechick
<Content>Great resort for golfing My husband  I along with my brother just got back from 5 nights at the Legacy Golf Resort where we are timeshare owners. The resort is very spread out and has really nice rooms. We were booked into a one bedroom in the 9 block, called Casitas. So we had about a 4 minute walk to the main building/golf pro shop. We didn't mind the walk, unless we were booked for golfing, we drove ourselves up to the Bag drop area. For those who do not want to walk far, book yourself in Casitas 1 or 2. #6 is the furthest away.The room was spacious and all of the amenities we expected, although we couldn't find a remote for the 2nd television, but we didn't call to complain, oh and the pepper shaker was empty, otherwise beautiful room. My brother slept on the pullout out couch and said it wasn't very comfortable, so we thought about going to Target to get a bed pad for $50, but never got around to it. Our king bed was ok, definitely not a HIlton or Westin type.One complaint is the location. Not close to any night life for us 30 year olds. We had to drive about 20 minutes to Old Tempe for the nightlife, and wanted the serious nightclubs, but they were 30-35 minutes away , so we never actually made it up there as one of us always had to stay sober. Phoenix and Old Tempe is awesome - it's always Happy Hour! 4-7 and then again 9-close at a lot of pubs including Uno and Great Expectations. The Conceirge desk was very helpful. If you want to go to the Casino, the conceirge desk has tickets for a free limo ride to take you there and back, as long as you agree to stay for 3 hours. Golfing was great with our ownership rate of 25%. And 25% off at the spa too! If you're not an owner, I'm sure there would be incentives to go for a tour.We drove up to the other property owned by Legacy, which is called Orange Tree and it's got a really pretty golf course, and it's more expensive. The rooms are right on the golf course, so not as private as Legacy. Legacy is a good location for privacy and it's on the edge of an Industrial area. The pool is horseshoe shaped and has 2 hottubs that were lovely after a day of golfing!We also went to the Phoenix Coyote game - bought tickets at the box office for the cheap seats $15, and after the 1st period moved down to better seats. Good cheap entertainment!Also drove Tuscon and on the way took a detour to the Biosphere 2, which was cool if you're into science and saw the facility where 6 people lived under a glass dome for 2 years.Also drove to the Grand Canyon - it took 3.5 hours - we went on the American Thanksgiving, so the roads were dead. Mapquest says it supposed to take 4.5 hours, so you be the judge. The drive was worth it!! Gorgeous scenery and don't forget to drive to Sedona! That's only 2 hours from Phoenix and totally awesome for scenery and hiking.Like cheap shopping? 4 minutes away is the Arizonz Mill shopping centre. www.arizonamills.comWell that's all - I'm sure we'll come back in a few years and book a two bedroom! It was great, just wish it was closer to stuff!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	2	4	3	4	3	

<Author>mauilvr
<Content>Loved it! We (two Couples) used our RCI points to stay in a 2 bedroom for a week and golf. It was wonderful. Clean, spacious and up to date furnishings. There was only one complaint... the sheets. They did not use a fitted sheet on the bottom and it kept coming off. The grounds were beautiful. I will stay there again because it was easy access to airport and a lot of nice golf courses.We golfed at the Legacy twice. Nice course and well kept. We also golfed at Raven South Mountain...it was okay, liked the Legacy better. Estrella Mountain...really liked the course...especially the back nine. Our fav was Dinosaur Mountain..did it twice and cannot wait to go back.Do not hesitate to stay at this resort.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Stsdeb
<Content>Very Relaxing This was a timeshare exchange for us. We had a 2 bedroom and the 4 of us found it to be quite spacious. The grounds are beautiful and the rooms clean and up to date. Most of the staff are young college age people who were friendly and helpful. We were able to talk them and learn alot about the area. We had never been to Arizona before and they gave us lots of information. The whole resort is beautiful but the area around it is dreary. We would definitey stay here again because there are so many wonderful places to visit in Arizona.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CornDog77
<Content>I'm just glad it was free My husband and I stayed here for one night as an incentive for sitting through some boring sales pitch for 2 hours about time sharing. However, I'm just glad it was free. The refridgerator ran all night long. It was so annoying. I turned it off at one point, it was so bad. The hotel's restaurant was so-so. We ordered hamburgers and fries that tasted like something you could cook at home. Our waiter was pompous and lazy. When I told him I wanted to order a hamburger, he looked at me like I had three heads. I guess he's never heard of a hamburger before. And we had to ask the bar wench to refill our waters since he was too busy lollygagging in the kitchen with the other employees.Overall, I'm just glad it didn't cost me a cent. I certainly would have been mad if I actually had to pay for this crap.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>hill38
<Content>Legacy--great price, great vacation for couples I went to the Legacy with my boyfriend in June. Our 1-bedroom casita (huge) was immaculate for our entire 5-night stay. If we left dishes in the drainer, the staff would even pop them in the dishwasher for us in our absence. Our first afternoon there, a problem with the pool closed it down but it was promptly reopened the next morning. Although the parking lot was almost always jam-packed with guests, our place (near the entrance and overlooking the golf course) was quiet and peaceful throughout our stay. The resort staff was warm and earnestly helpful. An older woman at the help desk was obligated to soft sell a timeshare, but when we said we weren鈥檛 interested, the pitch immediately ended and wasn鈥檛 brought up again. We did our sightseeing both in conjunction with the resort (the Grand Canyon trip was organized with a day-long van tour) and on our own. We have friends there who took us river tubing; we also made our way to a Diamondbacks game--my first indoor stadium; and we toured the Botanical Gardens slooowly in 100+ temps. But I was equally happy crashing in our place watching DVDs under the ceiling fan. The patio was a lovely touch as well. I would go back to the Legacy in a heartbeat. A great, affordable vacation (plus we saved major bucks with a 40-min layover flight).[------------]  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Like2travel17
<Content>Great resort, If you're white... We recently stayed at the Legacy Golf Resort for a week. It was going well, until we started using their fitness facility. I was basicallly booted out of the fitness center because I was not white. I felt like a black man in a KKK meeting.I thought racism has died down since the 70's, apparently I am dead wrong. Racism and prejudice is still very much alive in this country and in particular, Arizona.I would'nt recommend staying at this resort unless you are white.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jack783
<Content>Great resort, has everything you need Just got back from four nights at the Legacy Golf Resort. I chose the resort based on positive reviews on this website and was not disappointed. This is not a particularly fancy resort, but it has everything you need for a very comfortable stay, especially for families because of the apartment-like facilities in the unit. On the other hand, I was there by myself and did not feel besieged by kids running around because the resort is spread out enough. The resort is part of the Shell timeshare system but there is no pressure to join. The resort consists of about a dozen clusters of two-story townhouses. Each unit has a balcony or patio you can sit on. I asked for a unit with a view and got one on the second floor facing the 18th fairway, which was nice. I had a studio, which was spacious with a king size bed, sitting area with sofa and two armchairs, and a full kitchen (sink, half size fridge, coffee maker, toaster, stove with two burners, washing machine, dishes, glasses, pots and pans, utensils, don't remember if there's a microwave). The unit also has a stacked washer/dryer which was very handy. They provide soap for the dishwasher and also to handwash dishes, but for some reason no soap for the washer/dryer but no biggie. The room was clean and seemed relatively new; no dirt, peeling wallpaper, or other visible signs of wear. There is housekeeping service every day, as in a regular hotel. Parking is outside each unit. The grounds are very well kept.Check-in was smooth. The staff at the registration desk is young and somewhat less polished than the five star resorts, but they were friendly and efficient. I had a problem with the high speed internet connection in my room ($9.95 for 24 hours) and they moved me to another room right away at my request, instead of sending someone to fiddle with the wires.The main building also houses the golf pro shop, restaurant and spa/gym. I tried each of these. The pro shop is well stocked and well run. The golf course was in good shape and well maintained; it scores 4.5 stars in Golf Digest, which is as high as any golf course in the Phoenix area. It's not a fancy course but I enjoyed my round, especially at the twilight rate of $25 (for guests, and $29 for nonguests) which starts at noon. Yes, it's hot, but you have to expect that if you go to Phoenix in June.I had breakfast and dinner in the restaurant. It's good, basic food, like you would expect in a clubhouse. A little pricey for what you get, but not outrageous, and the service was very good. No complaints there. I didn't use the spa services but did use the gym, which was reasonably well equipped with two treadmills, bicycles, weights and so on. The swimming pool is next to the main building and is popular with families, though I did not use it.The resort is about ten minutes south of the airport. As others have noted, you pass through a couple of spotty neighborhoods on the way there and you may want to think twice about stopping at the nearby gas stations late at night because of the people who hang out there. But the resort itself is fine and there are security guards driving around the parking lots all the time. I felt very safe. There are a couple of shopping malls only five minutes away by car (in another direction) and the resort is centrally located for access to other golf courses, restaurants and so on. I think the positives of the resort's location outweighs the negatives.All-in-all, the Legacy is a great place to stay without the expensive frills. The summer rates are amazing and you can book directly through their website. I highly recommend this place.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation; very clean and spacious Just returned from one week at the Legacy Golf resort. I highly recommend this resort!! My husband and I are frequent time share travellers and Legacy was one of the places we were able to use as reciprocity for our membership. All of the staff were very courteous and went out of their way to be helpful. Also, since we are frequent time share travellers, we are often hit with the sales pitch of buying into the time share we are staying at. This did NOT happen at the Legacy; there were no whining, hounding sales calls - which was very welcome. My husband is an avid golfer and highly enjoyed the course at the Legacy; he played four different times. The grounds were immaculate, the pool area very clean, and the linens always fresh. We did not experience the restaurant or bar so I cannot comment. Highly recommend this place!!!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>drrer
<Content>Nice place good value Had a business trip to Phoenix and decided on the Legacy as I thought I could get a round of golf in before and after business. Figured the place and golf course would be empty as the snow birds normally leave in April. No such luck. The place and golf course full to the brim. Had to go next door to the Raven Golf course.Stayed in a studio and it was pretty well furnished. Nice deck with a partial view of one of the fairways. Had breakfast at the club house and it was good and reasonable. Also a very nice pool area. I must say all of the employees were nice and went out of their way to say hello.Probably would not stay there again, on business anyway. But would recommend it to vacationers.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MysticKid
<Content>Nice resort/Good value Stayed at the Legacy the first 2 nights in May 2006 and came away w/ a generally good feeling about the place. First problem was the directions they have on their web site as I was coming from the airport, where the rental car location has NO relevance to the directions. Life became better as I checked in w/ a smooth check-in, nice concierge who went out of her way to solicit me on any needs I mayhave for dinner. Recommended Rustler Roost, a nice wine bar/organic restaurant next door or a new sports bar, Gallaghers about 1/2 mile away. Room was nice and big w/ sitting area, and marble bathroom. Bonus was refrigerator, microwave, small stove and DW. Nice patio w/ 2 deck chairs where I had a beer on each nite. On-site restaurant is really just a golf bar, however, had a free (corporate card) breakfast there both morning and it was top notch. Even had a chance to play golf one nite @5:15pm tee-off, clubs were complimentary as I was staying on-site and they only charged me for 9 holes and threw in a cart. Very nice course and knowledgeable golf employees. Not yet, a top notch resort but w/ a better on-site restaurant, a bit better on-site experience they could achieve in a couple of years. Value was excellent as w/ corporate rate I stayed at the Legacy at a Hamptons Inn price.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MLE642
<Content>Lovely resort with beautiful grounds We stayed in a two bedroom condo at the Legacy for a week with our two teenage sons. The unit was actually a one bedroom apartment with an adjoining studio apartment. Both were very spacious and spotlessly clean. The boys used their studio basically to sleep/wash-up and hang out although it had a kitchenette, terrace and washer/dryer. The one bedroom has a huge living room/dining room/kitchen (fully equipped) with a washer/dryer/dishwasher etc. All detergents etc are supplied so if you go hiking in nearby South Mountain State Park, you can wash your clothing afterwards. The one bedroom bathroom is enourmous - soaking jacuzzi (although no jets for the back), marble shower, toilet (duh) and three sinks. Studio bathroom is pretty standard. One bedroom has two TVs, DVD and VCR plus internet for a fee. All staff was very helpful - whatever we needed, they gave us, promptly and with a smile. Food in the clubhouse was fine - nothing special but most golf courses aren't. Pool area was nicely kept, clean and with a grill house/bar. The fitness room was huge and well equipped - better than most four star hotels actually (I travel a lot for business). I had a massage after a daylong hike and it was done quite well by a CMT. I would strongly recommend that you request a top floor quiet room with a view (either golf course or mountains); we did a few weeks in advance and called to reconfirm. We were very happy with the accommodations.The South Phoenix neighborhood is basic (not scary as some have written but certain not strolling material). If you need to go to the drugstore, Starbuck, supermarket, there are several in the immediately area. The resort grounds are spacious enough if you feel the need for a peaceful after dinner walk. Literally just up the road (32nd St.), a 5 minute walk, is The Farm at South Mountain, an internationally reknown Slow Food organic restaurant. Coincidentally, it was featured in USA Today as one of 10 top picks in the country while we were there. It is open for breakfast, lunch, happy hour and dinner. Best place to eat downtown is Wild Thaiger on the 2600 block of Central Ave (just past the Heard Museum) - outstanding Thai food - better than in LA or NYC. Overall, I would certainly stay at the Legacy again. It was a great deal and an easy drive to any place I might want to see or do in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not for everyone The legacy has the elements of a good resort such as large suites, proximity to the airport and new facilities such as the pool. The grounds are nicely landscaped. Overall all the makings of a good destination.What lets this place down is the approach taken to guests. This is a resort where half the accomodation is owned and half rented to guests. It feels like guests were an after thought with a tiny, low decor lobby and staff who are pleasant but missing the training and poise of a good resort. If you want a big suite (make sure you get a corner room)with good basic decor this place is good. Don't expect lot's of frills (the restaurant is basically a golf snack bar).The neighbourhood is not the best but nothing most of us can't handle just not the upscale feel of Scottsdale for example. Don't expect to find neighbourhood restaurants above McDonalds or IHOP. Value was good with the old story you get what you pay for. Good rooms, no frills. If you really are looking for a resort with full service go elsewhere. If it's a big basic room at half or a third the cost of Scottsdale resorts, you should check out the legacy.Good luck  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>UncleFrank
<Content>Nice Deal at the Legacy Great compromise on price for value !About 7 miles from the airport.Driving there you pass some basic neighborhoods, but is not a factor.Grounds are excellent, along with accomodations.Clean rooms, nice views.Good restaurant, nice golf course, challenging.Golf rates are reasonable at $70 which includes a 20% discount when staying there.Clubs were comlpimentary.I would definetely go back.Only negative was one time maid service issue.Came to room at 8:00 am and asked if we are leaving.We were staying the night.They should know this.Had to call to have room cleaned when we returned in the PM.Seems language is a problem, they do not understand English.I am sure this is not the norm for room service.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lochfyne
<Content>Wonderful Unit, Close Proximity to Airport My husband and I stayed at the Legacy for two nights in a one-bedroom, upstairs corner unit which overlooked the golf course. After reading the reviews I requested an upstairs unit, quiet location, nice view. I was very pleased and surprised when my requests were met. The furnishings are very nice, the unit was spotlessly clean, and the view from our balcony was lovely. The people at the front desk were pleasant and efficient. I particularly liked the gym which afforded a pleasant view of the golf course. We got take-out food from the restaurant there which was reasonably priced and tasty enough. The swimming pool looked to be nice too, but we're not swimmers, so we never ventured into it. Now, that first night we hardly slept. We kept hearing what sounded like the front door opening and footsteps coming down the hall. I was a bit scared, and even got up to investigate more than once. Big brave me. If I had been staying on my own, I'd have called the front desk to enquire what was going on. By the way, we heard the same noises during the day, in addition to other odd noises. We never did figure out what the noises were, and in the end, surmised that perhaps the place is haunted?! Or, it could be the building settling? However, all in all, we'd stay at the Legacy again. Its close proximity to the airport is an added attraction.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>heffman929
<Content>Enjoyed Th eLegacy Golf Resort Three of us stayed at the Legacy Golf Resort last week in a standard room for our week long golf holiday. We were cramped for dough so jammed three of us into the standard room but everything was more than fine. The pool was closed while we were there for renos but that's fine---we were there to golf and the new pool opened the day we departed and looks real nice. The golf course is nice too, nothing too special but a good course nonetheless. The rooms are nice and clean and very comfortable and they had ample cooking facilities too if you are so inclined to prep your meals etc. Daily newspaper was a nice treat too. The neighborhood is fine, the complex is something like 200+ acres and is more or less gated and very safe. Safety was a non-isuse to us despite what one or two folks say about the neighborhood. Our only minor issue was that we had the front desk fax a document for us and we don't believe it was ever faxed and to make it worse the document was shredded by the office staff who maintained that was the 'policy'. To say the least, we found that a little odd but life rolls on. The Legacy is real close to Sky Harbor airport, downtown Phoenix, Tempe and virtually everything. We'd stay there again but wouldn't do any faxing next time :)  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ebennett
<Content>Great Place to Stay!       in the pool looking at some of the rooms  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DGryg
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic Resort ! My Husband and I stayed at the Legacy Resort for 7 days beginning October 15th. This was a beautiful resort with great landscaping, fantastic views, and incredibly good food in their restaurant. We stayed at a time when they were reseeding the golf course, so it was a pleasure not to be crowded with golfers. The view of South Mountain in the evening was beautiful and romantic. We had a 2 bedroom condo combination and it was larger than my home, with beautiful red marble bathrooms and top-notch furniture and kitchen appliances. We've stayed in a number of Gold Crown timeshares and this place was the absolute best. I can't say enough good things about this place and would not hesitate to go again.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bradshawgirl
<Content>Had a great time with Legacy We loved the Legacy! We stayed there for four nights in early October. We had a studio suite room with a golf course view. We were on the second floor. First of all, our room had tons of amenities. We had a kitchenette with a microwave, two burner stove, mini-fridge, toaster, coffee maker, even a washer and dryer. As an earlier reviewer noted, the beds are a little on the firm side, but I did not find that it inhibited my sleep. Additionally, a young family did check into the adjoining suite during our stay, and I did notice noise as a result. However, I do not think it was enough of a problem to keep me from staying at the Legacy again.The views of the golf course from our balcony were great, and the pool was large and uncrowded, with a fun little pool bar. The resort practically abuts South Mountain Park in Phoenix, and the resort activities staff offered lots of free activities for guests. (Watercolor painting, hiking in the park, etc.) They also have a fitness room that is complimentary for guests. We ate in the resort restaurant, and the food was wonderful. (I had a creamy, rich steak diane.) As well, we thought our rooms were extremely well-priced. (We booked them through an online booking service and got a great deal.) All in all, we really enjoyed our stay at the Legacy. If I were visiting Phoenix again, I'd definitely consider staying there.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wander2
<Content>Great amenities and well maintained We stayed in a two bedroom unit at the Legacy Golf resort from 8/12 to 8/19/05. The resort is well maintained. The two bedroom is a one bedroom plus a studio unit. What impressed me most was that both the one bedroom and the studio have dishwasher and washer/dryer. Most two bedroom units at other resorts would only have dishwasher, washer/dryer in the larger unit only. The huge jacuzzi tub was a nice touch.The full kitchen made it convenient to make some meals so we did not have to eat out all the time.The staff at the front desk was very accommodating and helpful. We enjoyed the resort and would stay there again.By the way, don't miss the excellent city view from South Mountain Park. It is a short drive from the resort and the sunset view from there is fantastic.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>did not want to go home My wife and I spent our honeymoon at the Legacy and had a great time. Very clean, nice pool area and we felt like we were home. The staff was very attentive and helped us plan our tours around the area. We will be going back.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Built in a Diverse Neighborhood I come to Phoenix since I have family there and I have stayed at this resort with a friend who was offered a free stay. The resort consists of timeshares and owner-occupied townhouses. The timeshares are in one area and the townhouses in another. We stayed in a 1st level one room suite. It had all the amenities we needed. The decoration is nice, including the tile floors. We were not hassled to attend a presentation. The onsite restaurant is very small. The pool is off to itself, which I like. The area is NOT a ghetto as a reviewer previously wrote. IT is a very diverse area with different cultures. The resort is tucked away off the main street (Baseline) and is in a residential area with older ranch homes on acres of lands (horses across the way) and new home developments. The grocery store, Frys Marketplace, is a new plaza less than 5 minutes away. It includes a Target, Ross, Starbucks, Blockbuster. The resort is less than 10 minutes ways from South Mountain Park where me and my friend did some hiking. You can also take the car to one of the looking points and see the city lights. There is also a horseriding stable at the South Mountain Park if you want to do a little riding. So if you are use to only seeing one type of people, then this is not the place for you. You will be frighten and scared for no reason like the previous reviewer. But if you are use to living in a multicultural area, it won't bother you at all.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great day's worth of fun, bad night's worth of sleep The staff is nice and helpful, the amenities are fantastic, the food delicious and the rooms are beautiful. As a travel agent, I was absolutely thrilled with everything upon first glance. We had a studio suite which was impressively large and fully-stocked with everything from a washer and dryer to a DVD player. Once it was bedtime, it was a different story. The beds are rock-hard; so hard, in fact, that I managed to eek out 3 hours of sleep on my side and awoke feeling bruised. And the walls are paper-thin. If you DO stay there, I recommend a corner unit on the upper level.If you're looking for some fun and aren't so concerned about the sleep, this is the place for you. Beautiful golf course, huge pool with bar pumping fun music and a smaller children's pool, tennis courts, shuffleboard, children's play area and full spa services. But if sleep is important to you and you need to be in this same area of Phoenix, stay at the Pointe South Mountain Resort. Much of the same amenities, but luxuriously soft beds and nice, thick walls!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Above expectations My wife and I have recently returned from a weeks stay at the Legacy Golf Resort. We have stayed there twice before. This was, by far, our most enjoyable. My wife is on oxygen and is only able to move around with the help of a walker.My request for a casita on a lower level and one in which she could sit on the patio, enjoy nature without being disturbed too much was fully granted. Our accommodation far exceeded our expectations. For us, the staff were very courteous, and any problems we encountered, were met with a follow-up to ensure they had been corrected.I suggest anyone thinking of travelling to Phoenix for an extended stay, give this Resort a serious thought. I dont think you will regret your decision. We tavel to Phoenix 3/4 times a year, and the Legacy is our first thought.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>UKmember999
<Content>Simply the best! Stayed for 11 nights, and didn't want to return home! The site was kept spotlessly clean, and was immaculately manicured. I cannot speak highly enough of the staff, all were extremely friendly and helpful, particularly those in the restaurant and in the golf shop.Played the course twice, it's excellent, but the bunkers are punishing! The cost to use the range, $15, was unbelievable, what value! Free to use chipping and putting - fantastic!If I had to mention a negative, the choice from the restaurant menu is slightly limited although the food and service is excellent. However, part of a good holiday is exploring places to eat, and there is plenty of choice just a short drive away.In conclusion, this was absolutely the best place I have ever stayed. I would wholeheartedly recommend it, and cannot wait to return (again and again)!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RosebudRed
<Content>We plan to stay at this resort again! The prior review saying Warning had a misfortunated event and I am sorry you were not accommodated by the manager. All things aside, that situation was very rare and should not affect others who would like to stay at the Legacy Golf Resort. We truly had the best experience with this resort from the time we arrived to every level of service. I called ahead confirming the reservations and the 1 bedroom condo with golf view was incredible. Thanks Expedia! The Legacy Golf Resort was awsome and we look forward to visiting again soon.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warning!!! Legacy doesn't honor reservations!!! On January 20 I booked and paid for my April 22- 23 reservation at the Legacy 鈥?I had a paid confirmation for a one bedroom suite. Upon arriving at the Legacy we were informed that we were moved to another hotel in the area 鈥?they had given away our room and there were no rooms left. We were told that people stayed longer than expected so our room was not available. The hotel they sent us to was a business type hotel and we did not get a suite 鈥?and the room overlooked the parking lot. Not even close to the accommodations that we had booked at the Legacy. The manager at the Legacy did not care 鈥?he only kept repeating that he understood but could do nothing about it. He also told me that they had move 25 reservations that same day!!! Also, the map they gave us to find the new hotel was printed on March 2004 - so they must have a stack of these handy because they do it so often. So a word of warning 鈥?I would not suggest EVER booking here because you can not trust that reservations will be honored. We had paid for our room on January 20 for an April 22nd stay 鈥?Also, we book through Expedia who could do nothing about it either.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>MeeowMix
<Content>Confortable place, but find a deal       Entrance to Legacy  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Bama66
<Content>Terrific Stay We had a great stay at the Legacy. The rooms were beautiful and had plenty of space. Housekeeping came at a few inconvenient times (4:30pm when I wanted to get ready for dinner...) but the room was kept spotless! A little trouble with a broken coffeepot that took 3 tries, 2 days and finally going down to the front desk WITH the pot and asking for a new one. The views were beautiful of the golf course and of South Mountain. We loved having the washer  dryer available--especially after horseback riding on South Mountain and in Sedona! Pool area very nice. Lots of shopping and restaurants closeby. VERY large mall (Arizona Mills) just down Baseline less than 10 minutes! Plenty of activities at the resort for adults as well as kids. We would go back anytime!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice setting, some problems We arrived and were told our reservations were only for one night when our confirmation was for three. We had also reserved a non-smoking room but when we got to our suite a smoker had smelled it up so bad we couldn't sleep, our eyes were burning, and all the clothes in our suitcases then smelled like smoke the rest of the trip. Of course we called and asked for a new room immediately but they did not have one and we weren't even sure when we went to bed if we had one at all with the reservation mix up. The next day they did have a nice non-smoker room for us, and were told we had the original three day reservation confirmed, so we moved our stuff. However, when we returned that night to our new room our keys did not work, even though all our stuff was still inside! We went to the desk and they quickly apologized that the keys were not reset for two more nights. Some of the staff was friendly and well trained, others acted bored and bothered when you asked them questions. The restaurant breakfast was reasonably priced and adequate, one waitress was great.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Think twice. After having twice been to the Legacy, we would not go again. The first time several things went wrong but, we thought, perhaps next time things would go more smoothly. Wrong. The first time we were there we discovered that the food in the grill was awful. Tasteless hamburgers and bland salads. Further, the restaurant allowed people to stand their children on the tables (as an example), there was no hostess, and so one could be left waiting for a table for a long time. The pool was o.k. but music blared with grating songs. The second time we went the following items went wrong in our room: the tub wouldn't drain (they had to come back twice to fix it), the ice-maker didn't work (theyfixed it but it still didn't work), the ironing board wouldn't stand up, the dryer was broken, one waste-basket was broken, the beds were made a 4:00 and the sheets were never tucked in so they came undone in the night. We loved their golf course and practise facilities; the staff is very friendly and the massage therapists are excellent...that's why we gave it a second chance, but there really was too much to over-look to go again.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Staff needs help in 'Helpful' department I blame management for hiring young people that have no experience in working with the public, especially at a better hotel. I think some hotels want to make so much money, they pay low wages and don't have qualified front desk people. You know the saying, 'You're only as good as your front man.' When you want to use the pool, you have to check in and get a hospital-type wrist band to show you're a legitimate guest. I have never stayed in a hotel that imposed that. My room had a cricket that chirped all night long and ants that came in and had to be removed. They asked me if I wanted to move rooms, but who wants to move all of their things when you've settled in? The complex does not have enough convenient parking when the hotel is full. The rooms are very nicely decorated and mostly clean, but my bedspread was not clean, it still had popcorn bits on it from the previous guests. I wonder if hotels ever clean the bedspreads very often anyway. The patios are nice and the option of a washer/dryer is wonderful if you're planning on staying long. The towels are nice and so are the toiletries, very nice bathroom. They even give you dish soap and dishwasher soap to use. They're not stingy with the amenities, but they want it to be as nice as possible so you will think about their time share option. They do not try to sell this to you, which is really nice. I would only stay again because family is very near, so it's the only convenient hotel.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice 7 Night Stay My husband and I stayed in a second floor studio suite the week before Christmas on a timeshare exchange. Overall, the accomodations were very nice. The room was equipped with apartment sized appliances- micro, washer/dryer, dishwasher. The bath was tiled in marble and the room was nicely decorated in a Southwesten style. The deck was furnished with comfortable lounge chairs and offered a view of the 17th fairway. Unfortunately, neither of us slept well during our stay. The king sized bed was much too firm and the refriderator was rather noisy.  We paid $59 each to play the challenging championship course. It was in good condition and the staff was courteous and accomodationg. One afternoon we spent several hours using the practice facility for $15 each. The driving range was stocked with ample range balls and the putting and chipping greens were spacious and well manicured.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jduff
<Content>Great place       Courtyard of Unit's  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kauai50
<Content>Nice Resort   showReview(2835320, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trippingJack
<Content>all the comforts of home   showReview(2830518, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic!   showReview(2809371, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Service, Bad Experience   showReview(1927615, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice   showReview(1719747, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it   showReview(1435706, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marne
<Content>Very nice!   showReview(1219070, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelkingVicbc
<Content>Excellent stay   showReview(827027, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2002
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>very nice   showReview(646564, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

