<Author>Gus_Grizwald
<Content>Great value, Good Neighborhood, A great value for a good location. the nearby beach was nice, and there were plenty of late night places to eat and drink. Very touristy area, so for culture you'll need to wander a bit, but if ease of travel and nice people are what you're looking for, this is it. They have a great ice cream parlor in the hotel, and the bartenders were awesome! (We didn't try the restaurant, but heard good things.)  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	4	

<Author>saltie1721
<Content>Do not stay here! Unfortunately this hotel lost my bag in their locked storage room. I had to change my flight and come back early, because I had nothing. They said they weren't responsible and I left it at my own risk. They took no responsibility and even wanted to make me pay for my room! In the middle of the night, I got a call from the front desk and another customer took my bag by accident. I myself paid for his taxi ride back to the hotel to return it. They are very incompetent and untrustworthy. I do realize the workers were 'following orders' from the owners, and this is how they run their business.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ProudAmerican2007
<Content>Simple Necessities yet, centrally located Stayed at this hotel for three nights while passing through San Juan. At first was thinking of cancelling for another hotel but didn't and was pleased staying there. The employees were very friendly, Room 205 was clean simple good to stay over yet explore the area of San Juan. I would recommend this hotel to someone who isn't a picky person. I found it a bargain for the location and cleaniness of the room. The hotel has plenty of parking without charging. Walking distance to the El San Juan Hotel and close to basically all types of restaurants. I will now stay there everytime I visit San Juan .  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>3	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Cincinnati513
<Content>Not As Bad AS we Were Expecting We had read all the reviews  Honestly we almost cancelled our reservation  stayed somewhere else...Glad we Didn't!! For 80 bucks, This was Perfect! No it is Not No 5 Star hotel...If you want that Go pay the big Bucks!! But for a One or two night stay if was Fine. We stayed for One night PreCruise. The rooms are small, Bathrooms are small But the Place was CLEAN...No Bugs  even had a Nice flat screen TV..Like I said tho.. For the Price it is Perfect! Front desk was Always Helpful  very Nice =)  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>evk25
<Content>NOT THAT BAD!!       the front. the entrance is on the left side.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>QueenBelle
<Content>Uggggggggggggggh I booked this hotel for a cheap get away. This was my first time going to Puerto Rico alone and I thought the location was great for the price. When my taxi dropped me off, I knew the driver sensed I was disappointed. He said, look on the bright side, you have the beach a block and a half away and if you're into walking there's two shopping malls in the area. When I logged in, the dude at the desk demanded a credit card and for me to sign this contract about damages. When I refused, he refused to supply me with a room. After I waited for half an hour, I produced my credit card and signed the forms.I knew this place was a dive cuz the lobby is outdated and very very dimly lit. I got on this tiny lil elevator that smelled like urine and gang tags scratched into the metal. I got off on my floor and the hallways are not well lit too. When I opened the door to the room, I wanted to burst out in tears. The drop ceiling was stained and looked as if it was about to cave in. The bed didn't look like the linens were freshly washed in months. There was dust on the lil nightstand and the armoire with the TV was dusty as well. The bathroom is so tiny you can't do nuttin in there. They don't give you no face towels. There's no cable services. My remote was not working and I called the front desk. The dude totd me to bring the remote to the front desk so they can reprogram it. I was upset that I had to get up and go down to them. I thought he was going to reprogram the remote right then and there. When I returned to my room, someone entered the room and left the remote on the bed. I found that to be spooky cuz I left my wallet in the room. OMG, the room smelled like mold and mildew. I had to use my Summer's Eve feminine deodorant spray to give the room a breath of fresh air. WHAT A FRIGGIN DUMP!!!!!And don't even think about using their ICE MACHINE. It's on the second floor and it's this huge ice bin where anybody can just stick their unwashed hands in to grab ice. That too turned me off. I rested a bit and went to the Piu Bello Restaurant to grab a bite to eat. I spent $14 on a cup of coke and ham and cheese. It felt like I was eating air cuz the ISH was tasteless. The next morning I paid $16 for breakfast that made me violently ill. I was glued to the toilet most of the second day I was there. That place is way overpriced and they can't cook at Piu Bello. I should have known it was bad cuz the girl at the front desk said in conversation that she's never eaten from that place, when asked how the food was. I had to go to Walgreen to get cleaning supplies to mop that room out. I had to even get scented candles to mask that musty odor that was bothering my allergies. The rooms have no safes...no irons....no hair dryers...no cable tv.... The next morning there was a young lady at the front desk. She too picked up that I was not happy with my room. She was helpful in showing me how to get to the beach, Old San Juan, the malls and places to eat within walking distance from the hotel. She was like you're on vacation, no need to sit in your room...get out....keep busy all day and you'll be too tired to notice this is not the Hilton Hotel. (lol) And that's what I did and it was not that bad but I'll never book a reservation there again . I took photos of this dump and I'll post them at a later date  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MsVee56
<Content>TOTALLY DISGUSTED On our way to a Caribbean Cruise, leaving from Puerto Rico, we decided to go a day earlier. We booked rooms at Coral by the Sea. This was the worse experience ever, the lobby was not too impressive, there was just one tiny elevator, and the rooms were horrible. The rooms were very musty, and smelly, it was overall a total let down.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>kevinkmt
<Content>Dump by the sea Firstly to the men, this is no place to take your woman/wifewhen you go to the room the toilets are small and crummy,worst of all the toilet/bathroom t has a window by the lobby area (entrance to your room) so anyone passing on your room knows if you are showing or taking a dump in the toilet.the rooms don't feel safe and the hotel is lonely and the floors are isolated - there is no internet in the room, the pictures on their website is not a picture of the room its a modied picture of somewhere else. i had to check out immediately!, the front desk guy was very polite though. during the few mins i spent guys with tatoos on their head, gangster looking folks and people who look almost destitute checked in, they were some good folks as well.i moved to the marriot i was only there to economise, i did not stay 10 mins in the room but they still charged my card for the first night !!!! DO NOT STAY HEREi ignored the other reviews and thought they were just spoilt, but it is all true!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	3	1	

<Author>TracElement
<Content>Kinda Nasty, Only for young single types I've traveled pretty much all over the U.S. and various other countries and have stayed in some less than desirable hotels/motels in 3rd world places, but this was one of the first that really grossed me out a bit. Luckily I was only staying one day when I first moved to PR and i was alone. The bed was ok and seemed to be clean but the bathroom.. eeew.. mold and mildew everywhere. A little mold I can handle, but it was out of control, time for some 409 or something.. Also, I realize the Island is humid and all but everything in the room especially the floor was just kinda sticky and grimey.. nothing really felt clean. The island is beautiful but unfortunately everything in PR is way overpriced especially in San Juan and people here just trash their own Island throwing garbage whereever. As far as people complaining about slow service, well it's island time there is no such thing as speedy.. so you may as well relax and enjoy the 45 minutes or so it takes the person behind to counter to stop talking on the phone, do their nails, finish their lunch, etc etc.. cause honey they don't get paid to work any quicker. To be blunt, I like the island and it has a lot of beautiful things to see, but if you're easily annoyed or don't want to spend a lot of money for the same thing you can get in a lot of other coastal areas get a passport and go somewhere else .  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>fozzyoz
<Content>get what you pay for basic room, A/C went out (4th floor) and they had no other room to move us to, they didn't even offer a fan. Moved us the next day.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	2	2	

<Author>MAmiry
<Content>Would of gone somewhere else My boyfriend and I decided to get away and visit puerto rico. We picked Coral by the Sea bc we are in college and just wanted to save some extra money. However, if we had to make our choice again we would pay the extra money to stay somewhere else. Our first impression of the hotel was that it was very old, the rooms are very small and not very appealing, and the bathrooms are tiny, like a small shoe closet. Once you walk into the hotel you just get the feeling that it isn't the most sanitary place. We stayed for 4 nights and we were out most of the time, which was one reason why we decided to stay there, however we would of muh prefered the Holiday Inn down the street or the Hampton Inn across the street. I would say the location is very good though and the staff is very helpful and friendly as well. We had ice cream at the ice cream/regular food restaurant connected to it, and it was descent. I did read the reviews before we left on this site and decided to take a chance, but I honestly think anyone who is reading this and deciding whether or not stay, they should pay a little bit more just for a better experience in Puerto Rico.Also about the food, I agree with the other review that the food there really isn't that great and is extremely over priced. I was hoping to taste some delicious mofongos or some other puerto rican specialties, but they were all a let down. Be careful also about going to the islands, like Vieques, we were charged $50 for 2 hamburgers and 2 drinks. They also added their own service charge ($8). Don't fall for the tourist traps either. Some places may seem like they are great online and with reviews, but we kind of thought that some of these people must be writing their own reviews, bc after going to some of the places we found online bc of high reviews, they turned out to be a major let down and way overpriced. Ok hope that helps.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	5	3	3	

<Author>L0v2travel
<Content>TRASH by the Sea!!       bathroom  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	1	1	

<Author>nhtm0218
<Content>Good for the price This service is right for the price. We stayed a week here. Even though the room is cleaned everyday, there is always a bit of sand on the bed and the floor. Keep in mind this is not a five-star. There is no fridge, no microwave, and no coffee/water... An ice-maker is on the same floor: free ice. The shower is small but good: strong hot/cold water. The TV signal often goes on and off so don't expect to finish a full 30min show without at least 10 interruptions. It's 5 minutes from the beach. We just crash here at night so it doesn't matter. The staffs are friendly. Food in Puerto Rico sucks and ridiculously expensive but it's a different story.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>pookins
<Content>Not a good choice Ok so after living on the island and having family there,reading the reviews didn't scare me that much. you are talking about a small island where the crime rates are high, and minimum wage is 5.15. as far as the neighborhood goes i personally knew what to expect from different parts of the island. you have to use your street smarts when traveling to puerto rico. don't get me wrong i love the island but there are nicer places to stay less than 5 minutes down the street that didn't have people hanging in the entryway in the middle of the night and just looked more safe and comfy. the staff was nice though. the room was very small and the whole 3 nights we stayed the sheets were not washed once so you could feel the gritty sand on the sheets. i could tell they were clean when we got there cuz you could smell the bleach. the elevator is small and very slow. the parkinglot behind the hotel wasn't great and i would never go out there alone at night. the ac didn't work all that great. they did clean up our rooms daily though but not the greatest. no bugs though! it wasn't horrible but it wasn't great. as a puerto rican american all i want to say is travel the island and enjoy it. it's a beautiful place. but if you're looking for a romantic,cozy get away for you and your partner then the coral by the sea isn't for you.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	3	3	

<Author>DCMM7
<Content>Restaurant Plato at Coral by the Sea Hotel We had a bad experience at this restaurant. The salad was old and the food was greasy. My freind got sick after we dined there. She even spent a night at the ER afterwards.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>1	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>corderod
<Content>on a college budget So... after a fight with Delta airlines, a delayed flight or two and an unexpected night in Atlanta a bed was really all we wanted. My boyfriend and I booked Coral by the Sea through Orbitz and I was worried about all of the negative reviews. I am right now laying in my small but very clean room in a freshly made bed in the Coral by the Sea and I am more than satisfied. Because we were delayed a full day because of 'air traffic control' the staff was a little dismayed that we had not called (hey, it's our first vacation!) but they took care us so quickly and with such ease and courtesy. The food at the restaurants is great and the staff there is also very friendly. It is cheap and no it isn't the [---] Hitlon but what do you want? It's clean, well kept, nice staff and cable television- I'm not going to lie, though, we had to smack the top to make it come through in color. Lol anyway, if you are staying in the hotel all day you are boring- get out of Puerto Rico.24 hour restaurants nearby, shopping plaza nearby, 3 blocks form the beach, bus to san juan outside.... great for a college budget. happy vacationing!-2 satisfied customers.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Madison557
<Content>Better than we expected! We stayed here for 5 nights, checking in on Wednesday and checking out on Sunday. After reading all the negative reviews, we were somewhat worried, but the staff treated us with smiles. We asked for advice on places to go (restuarants/groceries), and we received courteous advice. Our room was clean (no cockroaches), and the maids cleaned our room each day, including washing all the sand out of our shower and cleaning up the seaweed on the floor from our numerous beach excursions. We got clean towels every single day. The hotel is not far from the beach (~2 blocks). This is a place to sleep and shower. Please do not expect it to be more than it is. If you want luxury, stay at the El San Juan or the Ritz Carlton. You don't really need a pool when you have the ocean a short walk away! In addition, we felt perfectly safe. Our lock was secure, the neighborhood is not particularly dangerous, and there is always someone at the front desk by the only unlocked door at night. We did not eat at Plato's, as it was too expensive, but Piu Bello had delicious food at very affordable prices compared to other restuarants in the area. Many places are open 24 hours, so room service really isn't necessary. If you don't plan to spend a ton of time in the hotel, stay here and save your money for dining and exploring this beautiful city!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	2	3	

<Author>lululaura
<Content>Dumpy This place is a dive. Filthy, beat up, run down, trashy. I should of known by the trash outside of the front door. Staff was rude. Elevators were extremely slow. Doors didn't lock safely. Horrible, do not stay here.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>happyfrappie
<Content>cheap A friend and I just returned from a trip to Puerto Rico for spring break. We read the reviews expecting the worst. Coral by the sea was better than we expected. Sure it's not the Ritz Carlton, but it's a place to sleep and the price was great for our budget. It's really close to the airport and the beach and it's a 25-30 minute bus ride to Old San Juan! My only complaint would be that it was a little noisy as you could feel the planes at the airport taking off. I'd recommend it for students and people who want to go to the beach and have money to spend on adventures in the area.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BMG4310
<Content>Dog Day Afternoon what a dump. infested with roaches molds, that I wold not let dog stay there. I book the hotel, paid for it, but could not stay there at all., Had to pay for one day, because I gave them my credit card.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	2	1	

<Author>spoon.17
<Content>Alright for a Night's Rest Our flight to Tortola via San Juan arrived late, so AA suggested Coral by the Sea for a cheap place to stay for the night. We were tired, and didn't feel like looking into other options for $76. It's very close to the airport, a few minute drive, but you end up by the runway after driving around the airport. We were up early, so there weren't many planes taking off, but they are very close, so must be loud.The bed wasn't bad. The a/c worked. The shower was bad...extremely tiny, couldn't get any hot water at night. Service was okay, once they decide to pay attention to you. We walked around to look for a place for dinner (late on a weekday), didn't find much, and came back to the restaurant attached to the hotel. It's not great. It's not terrible.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>callyhuh
<Content>Awful for most,alright for a few Well what I mean is that most people will find this hotel completely repulsive, but for a few it may just fit their needs.Me and my girlfriend went to this hotel for one nite post-cruise to wind down and had an early flight the next A.M. We splurged on a nice hotel pre-cruise so just wanted a cheap place to lay our heads for one last nite. Everything you read in the reviews is VERY true. The lobby is alright but once you get inside the elevator and make the slow(so slow in fact It makes no noise and you feel as though you may be stuck) ascension to your floor you feel an eerie chill like your in Hostel 4 or somethin. Once the elevator jolts to your destinating floor you get off in a dark hallway with metal doors.As for the room-very basic. I didn't think it was that bad but my GF was appalled. She was so upset she wanted nothing more than to get out for dinner come back and sleep and get out ASAP.At first i noticed the AC wasnt working and when I went down to ask(the room phone couldn't reach the front desk-at least I couldn't figure it out.) I got lucky since the front desk person apparently abandoned the front desk to show a prospective sucker what the rooms looked like. He assured me the AC did in fact work -all you had to do was flick a switch on the wall-a first for me.I then mentioned that our room had no wash clothes could I get a couple. He advised me that the hotel did not provide wash clothes. After a sweaty day we were forced to use one of our towels for a wash cloth then share the other towel to dry off.Once again not a really big deal to me but obviously a lady would have a much different perspective on it. The bed seemed clean and the sheets had a smell of bleach, the room overall was very simple and dingy but wasnt overly dirty that I found-the tile floor a little gritty like sand. We found the people at the front desk very helpful actually and never had a problem with the parking. They have surveillence of the lot at the front desk and there was a guy helping us out each time we parked. So that wasn't a problem for us but it is a rather small parkin lot so I could imagine the issues pointed out in other reviews. It IS about a 3 block walk to the beach-but not a very pleasant one-garbage ridden alleys,fenced in condos, etc. Overall the area was very dark at nite and gave you a general feeling of unsafeness. It WAS very close to some of the nicest hotels in Isle Verde area but Isle Verde even though in the tourist area seemed rather unsavory to me.The type of place where call girls and drug lords come to life after midnight. I felt MUCH safer staying in Condado and I even felt safer walkin the streets of Ole San Juan in the wee hours of the morning than walking around this area. Overall it was the cheapest I could find at 100$ a nite and it served the purpose for me. I wouldn't suggest it for couples or family who have never went camping or stayed in hostels in their past-this hotel would be a shock to their system. Oh one more good thing is it is a mile to Charlies car rental on the same street which is very convenient to drop off and get to the airport in less than 15 minutes time.There was also a string of very good Italian restaurants down the street and a very good place for authentic PR food called Maria somethin or another. I hope this review helps.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>CaliforniaDreamin16
<Content>You'll Be Sorry! All the negative reviews are right. I booked a room in this hotel for 1 week as parted of an online vacation package. Let me tell you there is a reason why there are only a few selects photos on the hotels web site ( lobby, outside entrance , and restaurant), and thats because this place is old ,run down in a state of neglect, and dirty. The elevatator (1) is tiny and doesnt work right. On the inside of the elevator there is grafatti (gang symbols, etc) , once you arrive on your floor the lighting is poor , it makes you feel as if you are walking down a dark alley and about to be attacked, the doors of the rooms are dented, painted chipped and the room numbers are big , white stenciled on the doors. Inside the room you will see discolored ceiling tiles some , moisture buckling, shotty tile work, dust bunnies under the bed , hair in the shower (very small), no coffee pot, towels with numbers penciled on, staff who act as if they are annoyed, apathetic, and indifferent , if you have any issues or ask any questions ( they dont even want to call a taxi for you when you check out). I know this place is rated 1 1/2 stars but dont believe it , this is a dump. I went for the cheapest price, and got BURNT!!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	3	

<Author>Dave030
<Content>Very Disappointed The hotel was small, which we expected. We booked this hotel for one day prior to leaving on a 10-day cruise and then for two days upon our return. We confirmed our reservations for a price of $89.00 a night. When we arrived they wanted to charge us $121.00 and insisted we sign their credit card receipt even though we contested the price and showed them a confirmation of the rate. The dest clerk insisted we sign the credit card receipt and told us by signing we were not agreeing to the price. I showed her where it specifically said we were agreeing to the price. After a half an hour of demanding we talk to the manager she finally got the manager. The manager was not much better in resolving the problem. We finally convinced her to call the toll free number and confirm our price.When we asked about sites to see and/or tours to take we were advised they didn't have any information for us.The elevator is very small, so if you have more that two people and two small bags you will have to make several trips. There are zero amenities in your hotel room. Tolet paper and towels are the extent of the amenities. There are no electrical outlets in the very small bathrooms and no hangers to hang your clothes.They have an ajoining restaruant which we ate at twice. The food was good but the cook only prepares one dish at a time. I ordered Oatmeal, toast and coffee for breakfast and my wife ordered coffee and pancakes. We got the individually made cup of coffee first (no refills), 5 minutes later I got my bowl of oatmeal and 5 minutes later I got my toast and 10 minutes later my wide got her pancakes. The server never came to the table to ask if we wanted anything else including a refill on the water. We had to chase him down to get our bill.Do to the slow service and bad attitude we would not recommend this facility to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>truck2401
<Content>Good stay I read the negative reviews but our stay was great. The hotel staff was helpful and the airconditioner was fridget( very cold). stayed on the 5th floor and it was nice. Near the airport so you hear the planes if they are using the runway near the hotel.A bus stop is near the hotel that will take you to Old San Juan ($.75 correct change).Resturants near by and 2 in the hotel area. Overall the hotel was a good stay.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>monamehta21
<Content>Great Value I am writing this review as I sit in my room at the Coral by the Sea in Isle Verde. Yes, they have free wifi. This is defenitly not the Intercontinental but, for the price, its very nice. When we arrived, there was no problem checking in and the staff was very friendly and accomadating, even at 12:30 in the morning. We found our room very clean. Its small, and the bathroom is really tiny, but it works. Its great for just sleeping and taking a quick shower in the morning and heading out. The location is perfect, very close to the beach, about a 1 minute walk to the bus stop (that takes you to Old San Juan), and the restaurant downstairs is also great. Very good Gelato. If you are looking for just somewhere to sleep, this is ideal. Very good for the price. We were expecting the wrose after reading reviews, but were very pleasantly surprised. NO BUGS either ( a huge phobia of mine) A few tips: There is no hair dryer or shampoo or iron in the room, so make sure you bring your own.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>AnaliaMiami
<Content>Do not waste your money. For my husband and I were the worst vacation we had. Please look for another hotel. Read all the negative comments, I agree with everyone. Rooms dirty, employees are not friendly, no parking, horrible, the food was. Restaurant looks dirty and the food is not good.The Isla Verde beach is beautiful and San Juan a very special place, so enjoy your trip and go to another hotel.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	2	

<Author>Coralito
<Content>Platos Restaurant is the best in town The hotel is in a great location. The restaurant Plato' s is the best in town... Beach walking distance...  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>induetime
<Content>Disaster by the Sea       small bed  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>candelanj
<Content>Terrible Parking always full. Hotel dirty. Room nasty. Staff have no respect and no class. The first thing that greet me at the room was a big cucaracha crawling in the wall it was enough for me to turn around..... San Juan Beach Hotel at the condado were I had to got to... was great!  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ebrid2000
<Content>awful We stayed at the Coral by the Sea last week. we weren't impressed. many of the desk staff seemed annoyed  unhappy. our room was awful. the view from our window rm 209, was that of an abandoned building with abandoned cars and was the home of a homeless man who would climb thru the broken fence each morning. there was a pair of womans underwear and a used condom on the roof under our window. the tv didn't work well, the bath towel was the size of a handtowel. the bed linens were stained as were the curtains. there is no room safe, so i asked the man at the desk to not send a cleaning person in, ( since we couldn't lock our valubles ) he was quite rude and refused to cancel the housekeeping service as that comes with the price of the room he answered. go figure.. we used the same two towels for our 3 day stay. and ended up putting the do not disturb sign on the doorknob each time we left the room. the morning of our departure, i asked the man at the desk if he could call us a cab to the airport. he looked to be in his 20's, he gave us this look like he was completely annoyed. we thought he was hungover.the parking situation was a nightmare., we rented a car and each morning we were blocked in by several cars. fearing we would miss our flight out at 8am , we returned our rental car the night before. and to top it off, they wanted your car keys so they could move your car to let others out. we refused. we were up and out as soon as the sun came up and wouldnt return until after dark. we basically slept and showered there., We wouldn't return to this hotel nor recommend it. and we are by no means high maintenance people.,  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>joebell19
<Content>if you are adventuress or love to travel alone. My package deal included the round-trip non-stop flight to Puerto-Rico and the seven night stay at Coral By The sea and for the price I paid, the hotel was okay! The staff treated me well and kept my room extremely clean and well stocked at all times.If you love the beach and also enjoy have many assorted choices of restaurants to eat in,Isla Verde is the place,Plus they have a supermarket not too far from the hotel and a good walk for those who enjoy exercising .The Bus stops near the hotel as well and for 75 cents per trip, you can be in old san juan in a heartbeat but don't expect to find any kind of nightlife at all in Isla Verde ,it don't exist! I judged this hotel differently because I'm a frequent visitorto the Caribbean and South America and many of their hotels cost twice as much and in worse condition,So I guess the enjoyment one can get by staying at Coral by the sea is in the eyes of the beholder.Whatever you do enjoy yourself and remember You are on Vacation!(smile)  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	5	3	4	3	

<Author>lvstrvlNorthCarolina
<Content>Loved PR hated Coral By the Sea The entrance was ok but once you get in the elevator (which only fits two people at atime) and go to your floor you feel as if you're in a bad horror movie, the rooms are dirty and the sheets and blankets are badly stained . We booked this through hotwire and paid $85.00 a night not expecting much in the way of amenities (my husband and i are not hard to please at all)but at least hoped for a clean hotel ...not even close. Honestly the sight and smell of the rooms and hallways almost made me sick to my stomach I could see paying maybe paying $25.00 a night for this hotel but nothing more. Iwould never stay there again and I beg you even if this price is appealing its not worth ruining your trip STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!!! On the other hand I PR its soooo beautiful and if you go please visit the beaches in Fajardo and the El Yunque Rain Forest. BUT DONT STAY AT CORAL BY THE SEA!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	2	1	

<Author>vagabondny
<Content>Exactly what you pay for We just got back from PR this week. Booked this hotel as a package deal, so did not pay much overall. The hotel is not great, but it is not bad either. Good things include: Close to the San Juan beach, nice neighbourhood with lots of eating options, decent-sized, clean rooms, daily housekeepingCons: Staff not friendly (the only bunch of unsmiling people in the country of Puerto Rico!), old roomsIf you plan to be outdoors most of the time and would like to be close to the airport/metro area, this is good option. If you expect a grand hotel with luxuries and staff catering to all your needs, forget it.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>ctorres511
<Content>Less than what you pay for! We booked this hotel for $84 a night through Hotwire as a 1 star hotel. It was a lot less than what I expected. This is NOT a hotel, it is an extremely cheap MOTEL. The entrance is ok. The receptionist area, is very out dated. The technology they use is also outdated. We had to park in the street because there was no parking in their20 spot parking lot. The elevator is really small. Myself, husband and 1 large suitcase and 1 small suitcase took up most of the space. We didn't not have an iron in our room so we asked for one, and didn't get it until the next morning after 3 phone calls. When we got it we then asked for an ironing board. They DON'T have any. Great! So we ironed one of the double beds. One is a full size and the other a twin. The ceilings are drop ceilings and have MANY water stains. The remote for the TV didn't work. They shut off the A/C when you are not there. So you come in to a extremely hot room. The bathroom is built for one person to be in there at a time. Their cheap towels are numbers with a permanent marker (as if you want to steal a cheap towel). They don't even wrap around your waist, I'm a sixe 4 (small). Don't ask for additional ones, they don't have extra. We used the same towels for 3 nights. The shower is about 6 Feet tall with a nasty shower curtain. Any conversation done in the bathroom is heard by the entire floor. The closet has no door. the Lighting in the room is extremely cheap and gross. The restaurants that they advertise, give you a 10% discount but their prices are comparable with Applebee's. We ended up checking out early (being charged for it) and sleeping the last night at the Embassy Suites (3 star hotel) down the street.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ernesto631
<Content>The reviews I have read where mean spirited. My wife and I booked 2 rooms on the web, one for us and one for my adult single daughters. While by no means a High End Hotel, it was what is advertised. A well used, old elevator was the option to the confusing stairwell . Rooms where clean, simple and though the shower was stand only, the rooms cooled down nice. Service was polite, helpful and the Cafe 'Piu Bello' connected to it was a decently priced convenience whose staff was very nice. All around nicer, more local feel than the hotel chains and a nice experience by all. My daughters spent the New Years Holiday there, later that week.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Danko2038
<Content>The Bates Motel not Hotel I booked into this location via there Web Site. Upon arriving I was assigned a room on the second floor. to where I took the elevator. Upon exiting the elevator, the second floor hallway which was very dim, with no lights. As I walked to my room which was the last room down a small hallway, all the other rooms in this area had there doors open as if they were being repaired. and garbage throw all about with each and every door open causing danagours condition to everyone. (Very easy for anyone to enter this premises and gain access to the 2nd Floor) Upon arriving at my room I noticed that the door was not a secure door, that if you leaned against it, that it would open. The room was not what it was pictured in there Web Site, further more there was modes all over the bathroom window and floor by the toilet. At which point (Not there more than minute) I did return to the front desk and complained about the conditions,to where the staff became very nasty and still charged my credit card, which I am disputing. As a retired NYC Police Detective, (not putting anyone) this reminds me a Short Stay Welfare Hotel (Very nasty and dirty)  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>laffy
<Content>don't even try i made a reservation from my home town of Ponce, but before leaving to N.Y. me and my children decided to enjoy a nice stay at this hotel. I booked from my hometown and away we went. when we got there the building looked like a hospital the entrance was quiete welcoming but when we went inside it smelled like roach i told the guy in the front desk can we see our room he said sure is on the fourth floor well guess what when we got on the elevator it looked like a tiny freight elevator when we got upstairs it looked like a quickie hotel we looked inside the room and we ran down like chickens my daughter tells the receptionist this is horrible my city projects looks better the guy said well because you made reservation you will be booked for one night and i told him well that was not told to me i really didn't care i just wanted to get the hell out of there. the main entrance is a catch kind of welcoming but wait and see you. will regret by giving your credit card number first. We left and stayed at the Empress Hotel just by the beach we had a great time there at this other hotel. Beware my people!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>abeachbunni
<Content>" Horror By the Sea" Initially, I was excited as this was my first time in Puerto Rico. I was equally excited because we had such a good rate on our lodging, flight and hotel via Priceline.com. From the moment we established contact with this establishment, we encountered sub-standard service. Upon our arrival to town, I called the hotel to get directions. I talked to two people who gave me very vague directions. My reservation documentation confirmed a check in time of 1pm, yet upon confirming our arrival via phone, we were told that check in time wasn't until 3pm. From this point, throughout the duration of our stay, each day we encountered a sub-standard service, event or occurrence. Upon checking into our room, we found bath towels the size of hand towels, no hand towels or face cloths. The baths towels were the consistency of a dish towel, (very thin and not very absorbent). The room , (and specifically the bathroom) had a musty odor that wouldn't seem to dissipate even after opening windows. Even thought this was a non-smoking room, it reeked of cigarette smoke.The bedspreads and bed linen were visibly soiledLater that evening we encountered ROACHES crawling over our toiletries. When we expressed our horror to the front desk, they provided a nonchalant sorry about that and sent the maintenance porter to our room to give us a can of roach spray to console us. The front desk offered to move us to another room for one night, then move us to another room again, (because they were at full capacity, nonetheless, this was an inconvenience solution). Because it was late in the evening, we kept the can of roach spray and stayed in the room. We didn't get much sleep thinking about the roach infestation. As Priceline's policy states no refunds, we were very unhappy with the way this hotel turned out. The next day, we were told by the manager/owner, that we would be moved to another room . He even asked our permission to move our luggage as he would take care of the room transfer while we were out enjoying our vacation. When we arrived back to the room late in the evening, we were told by the desk clerk that the manager told her to tell us that he had our original room thoroughly cleaned and inspected and the he wasn't going to move us and we can stay in the original room. At this point it became obvious that because we were pre-paid, they didn't care about out discontent. We insisted on being moved to another room and the desk clerk finally decided to help and get us moved.The next day, in our better room, my friend awoke to find a roach crawling across the nightstand. Since we were tired of moving, we stayed in this room and continued to arm ourselves with the can of roach spray. We didn't even bother to unpack our bags for fear that roaches would be running through our clothing and belongings. This is very inconvenient when lodging for an entire week. For the rest or our stay, it was one thing after another: a slow drain in the bathroom sink, wound up being a clogged drained, we saw ants in the room, the ice bucket was filthy, and surprisingly, we never saw an ice machine anywhere, (hmmm), I dropped a pair of shorts on the floor by mistake and the dust and dirt that was on my pants was INCREDIBLE, we dare not put our bare feet on the dirty ceramic floor for that reason, we constantly had to ask for extra towels, as they never left face cloths or an adequate amount of the thin bath towels in the room, parking was an issue as they were always surprisingly booked and had more cars than parking spaces, we often had to leave our car keys at the front desk so that the security guard could move our car, because we had to park and block someone in to get a half a space on the parking lot, the garbage receptacles were in plain view in the parking lot and every time you went to and from your vehicle, you smelled the stench of garbage and had to view it overflowing daily, most of the time when we returned to the hotel we had to walk threw a crowd of guests and hotel staff smoking and hanging out directly in front of the main entrance. Lastly, this place is so close to the airport that you constantly hear planes taking off. The planes fly so close that it sounds like they were often taking off on the roof of the hotel. It seemed like the staff at this hotel was used to these types of complaints and were not at all motivated to provide corrective action. Do yourself a favor and save yourself the frustration of trying to be budget conscious and don't stay at this hotel. I witnessed a number of people complaining and demanding a refund. I am a budget traveler by choice, and I have never experienced a 2 star hotel on this level. Heed the warning and save yourselves from Horror By the Sea  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>You get what you pay for!!!! My wife and I just returned from our trip to Puerto Rico. I booked a room at the Coral by the Sea Hotel and Restaurant because it was inexpensive. The day before my departure to Puerto Rico, I decided to read the reviews for the hotel(something that i normally do not do because I prefer to find things out myself). I began to freak out because of the negative reviews about this place and tried to look for rooms at other hotels within my vacation budget. I finally came to the decision that we would not be in the room for long periods of time so we sucked it up and away we went. Coral by the Sea is not much to look at. The free parking is a total of 12 parking spots for all of the guests and staff. The staff is very helpful and friendly. The rooms are not much to look at either. A bed, a desk, 2 chairs, and a nightstand and the bathroom is extremely small. The A/C is very good however. The room was cleaned everyday of our stay (5 days) and we never had a problem. The hotel is located 2 blocks from the Isla Verde beach, 3 blocks from the El San Juan Hotel and Casino (which houses numerous nightclubs, restaurants and the aforementioned casino), within minutes of Old San Juan, and about 45 minutes from Luquillo Beach and El Yunque. With all of this going on around you, who actually wants to spend time in their hotel room? I truly believe that all the negative reviews are from people expecting a 5 star hotel at economy prices. For $80-$95 a night and with all the North and East side of Puerto Rico has to offer within an hour drive , the Coral by the Sea is an ideal spot to rest up from a long day of sightseeing and exploring. Does it has its flaws, sure it does, but the price, locale, and staff more than make up for it. Keep in mind that Coral by the Sea is a small, economy hotel and you will enjoy your stay. There is just so much to do in Puerto Rico than to worry about the quality of your hotel. Enjoy the restaurants, nightlife,casinoes, and shopping of the surrounding hotels and cities and then save some money and rest your head at Coral by the Sea  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>dcraw2001
<Content>Roach Motel- Filthy, dirty and infested Because my vacation package was offered with Priceline, I did not bother to check other consumer reviews of the hotel facility before I booked it, instead relying on the description provided and the two star rating. Yes, the hotel was rundown, looked liked it was rented by the hour, and definitely did not rate 2 stars by American standards. Had the problem been purely cosmetic, I probably would not have been so disappointed. This place was filthy and dirty. I witnessed customer after customer complaining, demanding their money back etc. The staff, although, friendly were completely nonplussed with these issues b/c it appeared to be routine for them. Unfortunately, I could not demand my money back when I saw the room because I had prepaid through Priceline for 7 nights! The first night we checked in, I flipped on the light in the bathroom and found roaches running all over my toiletries. I complained to management who was totally unfazed by our discovery (I assumed then that this is a ongoing problem). They offered to change my room for the night and then the next night would change me again. A can of roach spray was brought up by the maintenance guy in the meantime. I asked to keep the can and elected to spend the night and move the next day. I slept on top of the bed on a towel. The next morning, we were told by the manager/owner that we would be moved to another room - a better room and asked permission to move our luggage as soon as the room was available. I agreed but when we returned, we were told by another clerk that our original room had been inspected and cleaned and it was okay so per the Manager/Owner so we were not being moved. We were prepaid, they didn't care. I insisted on being moved to another room on another floor and the clerk did finally comply with my request. I asked for a broom and found a bottle of cleaner and cleaned this room myself. The next morning, I woke up in my better room to find a roach running by on the nightstand. I killed this one with the can of roach spray I had kept from the previous incident and I again complained and asked the have the room thouroughly cleaned and the filthy tile floors mopped. Did I mention that the floors were so filthy, that we dared not put our feet on them without sandals or flipflops. I would have mopped it myself if I could have found a mop. At this point, based on the response from the staff, I figured out that this place was infested and there was no where else to go. We resigned to make the best of it. The air condition did work and so did the shower. The restaurant downstairs was good but I wonder about the cleanliness. We didn't see any more roaches for the remainder of our stay although I used the bug spray to kill other insects crawling on the walls. We did not unpack our bags or toiletries and spent a week lamenting our error in blindly booking this trip. This place is a digusting, filthy, roach motel out of the country. Please heed this review and save yourself the trouble. Do not go there, I wish I hadn't!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>rhilla1
<Content>Two Nights we stayed two nights at this hotel...one night on our way to culebra and then one night prior to our return...we booked this through travelocity...pros; convenient location, restaurants in hotel are excellent,staff very professional and helpful, cons; room 214 was dirty...no washcloths...we asked for another room ...we looked at fourth floor but we thought it was creepy...we stayed on second floor...room 212 had mold ...i was coughing from the minute i entered...when we left the room i didn't cough...i am not high maintenance but this was unacceptable...we went across to the hampton inn which was 139/night...but they had no room.... no i would not return....  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Have Slept on the Beach If I Had Known What We Were In For!!! So, me and a few friends decided to spend a night in Puerto Rico before leaving on our cruise, one of which we allowed to make the arrangements- We should have left him there. Never in my life have i stayed in such a pathetic dump. The place looked as if there should have been crows flying over and circling around it. One of my friends wouldn't let me open our door because becuase he was convinced he heard someone screaming and being murdered outside our room at some point in the night. The best was all of the raw chicken and half eaten food we found in the fridge , looked like we interupted some sacrificial ceremony of some sort- Please for you own sake DO NOT stay here- and, FYI, This is the first time in my life (31yo) i have ever been so impelled to post a review-  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You might get harrassed by the overnight girl(thumbs down) 10 days were spent in this place. For one, I called the day before to make sure we could check in when we got there because we had a late flight coming in at 4 a.m. and I was told it would be ok. We get there and to our surprise the overnight guy not only didn't have our room ready and told us that we couldn't check in til 3 p.m, he also said that he didn't have me in the system as being registered as a guest. Luckily I brought my confirmation number of the website I booked it through or I would be up ----- creek. He gives us a room that someone already checked out of to get a few hours of sleep but we had to be out by 11 a.m. because if he got caught doing that he would be in trouble. Dude, i'm only 28, i'm not old enough to go telling on people so I took what I could get. Got outta there by 11 a.m.,stored out bags in the lobby and hit the streets til check in. Came back about 5 p.m. checked in our room. Don't stay in room 301 at the end of the hallway unless they changed the air conditioner. Even though it was new, that thing broke on us 3 days after we got there. I called the front desk and they changed us to room 317. Overall the place is inexpensive for the 10 days that we stayed. It's perfect for an older couple who wants to just walk to the casinos next door of just go to the denny's down the street. If your a young guy like me looking for a place to just slay women and go to to sleep for a few hours and do it all over again,this is not the place for you. You need to go either to condado or old san juan and that's where all the women are. Spend the extra money and stay at a resort.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall good For the price and location you can't do better. The staff is very friendly, you are 30 seconds away from the beach on foot, and 30 seconds away from buses to the airport or old San Juan. Isla Verde (where the hotel is) is a safe touristy place but, of course, old San Juan is far more picturesque -- and far more expensive... Make sure to eat at PLATOS, the hotel's restaurant: some of the best food I had in Puerto Rico and, again, very reasonably priced.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Coral by the Sea--Good Value for the Money I stayed at the Coral by the Sea in January of 2006. A friend and I went to Puerto Rico to fish for tarpon, and he took care of the booking. After reading some of the reviews on this site, I have to admit, I was a bit worried.I can't speak for the other reviewers, but I can tell you our experience with Coral by the Sea wasn't even close to theirs.First, the hotel is conveniently located--less than a 10-minute cab ride from the airport, and right across the street from the beach. The area is urban, but all of San Juan is urban. However, at Coral by the Sea you're within a short walk of the Old San Juan Hotel and some other very upscale hotels and shopping areas. I have to tell you, I felt safer walking that area at night than I would most cities in Massachusetts.Everyone who worked at the hotel was very pleasant to us. Someone was on duty at the desk 24 hours a day, and they were willing to call a cab for us at any hour (the cab never took more than 5 minutes to arrive).Was the room a 5-star room? Definitely not--but you don't get a 5-star room anywhere for $100. There wasn't any view to speak of--I believe it looked out on the adjacent building. But the room was clean (from most of the reviews posted here, I was expecting it wouldn't be). There was air conditioning, and color TV, and hot water in the shower (and yes, the bathroom was also clean). As I recall, we also had a refridgerator with ice, but I might be wrong about that. (In any case, I do know we had a source for ice in the hotel.) We were there to fish, and didn't plan to spend much time in the room anyway--so it had everything we needed.The restaurant downstairs was excellent--we had lunch there every day of our stay, and so did our fishing guide (it says something about a place if the locals eat there). I recommend the Cuban sandwich, and if you like ice cream be sure to try the gelato. Everyone who worked at the restaurant was extremely nice to us.The bottom line is, it's unrealistic to think you're going to get a Jaguar for the price of a Kia--which is what I think the problem was for at least some of the other reviewers who posted here. If money isn't an issue, stay at the Old San Juan. But don't book a room at Coral by the Sea for $100 and then be outraged because it isn't oozing opulence.I'm rating Coral by the Sea 3 out of 4 because it exceeded my expectations, which admittedly were pretty low after reading some of these reviews. And all things considered--especially considering what you could spend for a room just a stone's throw down the street--I think it's a decent value.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Mom and Pop place We just got back from a trip to Puerto Rico. We stayed at the Coral by the Sea hotel. My husband and I enjoyed our stay there. If you're looking for a hotel that has Ralph Lauren towels, grand chandeliers, Monet paintings on the wall, hair blower and an ocean view do not stay at this hotel. But If like us, you just want a clean room with fresh towels, mini soaps, a color TV and air conditioner for a reasonable price, this is the place for you. There is free parking for your car rental and a restaurant right in the building. The beach, stores and other restaurants are within walking distance. Casinos with entertainment are in the same local area. It is in a nice neighborhood to take a walk in the evening. The hotel has a friendly staff and are truly helpful. Will I go there again? I'm already planning my trip for next year.AJ  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Coral in thge DUMP Terrible. They charged us 100 dollars a nite. It's a freaking dump and we are not exagerating.We thought we were saving money but u have to spen d money onshampoo, soap, water, extra towels and no complimentary breakfast. Spend 30 dollars more and be happier. I wonder where all the money in that hotel goes????Do not stay in Isla verde, stay at El COndado.o old san juan.... beautiful  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Most disgusting, unhealthy place to stay We booked our trip knowing we were on budget. We have stayed at motels, hostels before.When we got there, we had to wait for 30 min to check in because guys were changing shifts. Ceiling was leaking. OK, so we finally checked in and got the key to the room. We opned the door, ans froze. Sand, food, water bottle on the floor from the previous guests, no sheets on bed, flies flying around in the room, no AC. We didn't even peek into the bathroom. We called the website we reserved our trip with and walked across to a hotel suite which was 2X more than what we could afford, but thank God, my credit card wasnt maxed out, otherwise we would have been on the street. They told us that we were not the first one coming to the hotel for assistance from coral by the sea. We are home, waiting for paperwork to go thru for our refund. Doesnt Puerto Rico have some type of health code? Parking lot at hotel suites was a lot cleaner than coral by the sea. Unfortunate because Puerto Rico was beautiful and people were very very nice EXCEPT coral by the sea. I can not believe they have guts to charge people?!! I would not stay even it was for free. I wish I took a picture of it so I could show it to the world. I am really surprised that they are standing and charging people. $8.00 hostels in Hawaii was MUCH MUCH CLEANER than coral by the sea.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JimGreen
<Content>A little third world, but just a little! I travel as a senior,single male and am a value shopper,(i.e. The Mayfair Hotel 249 W49st NYC). For $62.00 a night, nothing was going to suprise me. The TV (era 1980) worked, small bathroom (size: 4 NYC phone booths) Plenty of hot water, small towels, clean sheets, courteous, helpfull front desk staff. My room had a remote control for the window A/C. Worked great! I was there to sleep only. Nice 24 hour restraunt off one side of lobby, from the other side of lobby a bar. Off street parking behind hotel. 300 yds from beach, 50 yards from a internet cafe. Felt safe walking at night. Many restraunts within walking distance, casino at El San Juan 400 yds. Was told the airport was 5 minutes away, really was 9 mins. Would I stay there again...Yes  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>2	5	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disgusting!! Disgusting!! Disgusting!!1 I have never seen a hotel as disgusting as Coral by the sea. Priceline should be sued for using such a disgusting place. My room was horrible. There was actually mold growing out of the walls and a stench that would not let me sleep!!! I thank God that I was able to break the contract. I was able to salvage my vacation by riding five minutes to Casa Mathiesiesn a budget hotel which was awesome. I received complimentary coffee and buns, there was a pool, our room was freshly painted and larger than Coral by the sea. In addition to this we had a large refridgerator, a stove and a sink Please whatever you do!!! Do Not Stay at Coral by the Sea it is a DUMP!! stay at Casa Matheisen instead its cheaper and cleaner!!!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a nice place for the budget price   showReview(3588442, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Felt like a hooker hotel, like pay by the hour...   showReview(3484639, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>!Dump! !Stay Away!   showReview(3479274, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Elle3773
<Content>There are much better options if you want a cheap hotel.   showReview(3425592, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My dorm room was nicer   showReview(3355580, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Eeeek!   showReview(3295885, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>aye
<Content>Dump    showReview(3294208, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>ChrisOntario.Canada
<Content>Don't stay there!   showReview(3263009, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>donco6
<Content>Stop and think it over   showReview(3254995, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I do not recommend this property!   showReview(3168478, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shirleymadinina
<Content>super sympa   showReview(22344798, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Um zwischen den Flgen kurz auszuruhen iO fr lngeren Aufenthalt nicht empfehlenswert   showReview(20550835, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il y a mieux mais c'est plus cher   showReview(19647687, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>evelyn79
<Content>*******Don't go please******* (No vayan por favor)   showReview(5360608, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

