<Author>DawnCK
<Content>Set Your Expectations Right The hotel itself is a modern, aesthetically interesting building.Throughout our 4-night stay there, we are of the impression that the management of this property are doing what they need to do to maintain the bare essentials of the building. However, although it is a relatively new building, it is already showing signs of some wear with apparently no attempt to fix issues whilst they are still easily repaired. For example, the seating in the lobby looked worn, one wall in our room was soiled, lamps looked tired. The place essentially looked unloved.We also felt that the staff, whilst professional and efficient, were not hospitable. They did not do anything to make guests feel welcomed -- everyone was polite but rather impersonal.This hotel would appear to cater to business travellers who would have no compunction with travelling by taxi to and from the hotel. It is, otherwise, a 5- to 10-minute walk to the nearest Metro or tram station. It is not that bad but leisure tourists would probably find this a rather inconvenient place to lodge.On the plus side, the staff were efficient. On our second night, we discovered that there was a problem with the plumbing -- there was no cold (?!) water. When we informed the front desk, we were told that there were problems on our floor and promptly provided another room. Then again, I guess, they should have informed us of the problem since they were already aware rather than have me find out when I was already stripped and bare in the shower.Because it is located in an industrial area of the city, the hotel was also quiet and we were unmolested by noise, hustle and bustle.Not an unpleasant stay in all, certainly helped to no end with the fact that we had booked the room at a ridiculous rate through lastminute.com. Don't expect the world from this hotel and you will walk away surprised by how pleasant the stay actually was.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>iangoalfar
<Content>walk on very modern hotel with comfottable rooms.directions to the hotel could have been clearer. if u like walking then its fine.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>maffyoo
<Content>Nice hotel and a nice area despite some other comments I'm sure most people reading the other reviews and looking at any aerial shots of the location of the vincci condal mar may be a bit concerned about its location. all i can say is that its actually not bad at all when you get there... a block toward the diagonal mar from the hotel is a demolished building it isnt too bad though, and the streets are clean and generally quiet. I stayed at the condal mar whilst attending a conference and walked everywhere, including late night/ early evening walks between the hotel and the diagonal mar, as well as towards Avinguda diagonal. Generally i found it very quiet, i was quite surprised by how many families and people walking there dogs there were in the area. A dog is clearly the pet of choice in this part of Spain. Generall the hotel was great, with one exception. Im sure most Brits will be a slightly perturbed that there aren't tea or coffee making facilities in any of the rooms. the rooms themselves are very tidy and extremely nice if you like something more modern. the atrium of the hotel is worth seeing, as is a trip up to the top floor where there is a bar area (used in the summer i assume) and a swimming pool (also used in the summer i assume) the views are great. Generally i was very happy. unfortunately i didnt have time to travel into the city due to the long days at conference, but the diagonal mar has plenty of places to eat and most were reasonably priced and the food excellent. This leads to my only gripes about the Condal mar. 1. The japanese 'fusion' restaurant is VERY expensive for what you get. the food was good but there was very little. i had three courses (max available) and was still hungry2. The bar area in the reception area, the private-ish seating is great but the service was absolutely terrible, many times myself and colleagues simply paid rather than order more drinks, we also noticed that quite a few locals came in had a drink and then walked off without paying. They really dont seem to be on the ball with that one on reception. If you stay and find it hard to get any service, go to reception, they seemed to be able to get hold of the barman wherever he was  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	2	3	

<Author>NeanderthalBoy
<Content>Nice but off the beaten track We stayed here for 5 days in October. It was a last minute trip and I didn't really have much of a choice in hotels. This is a really modern looking hotel from the outside and this continues inside. The room we had booked was pretty small and we were disappointed with the lack of tea/coffee making facilities or an iron in the room.The staff in general were very friendly efficient and helpful. Any problems we encountered were dealt with quickly and politely. The pool unfortunately was closed for the duration of our visit which was disappointing but we later found out that this always happens for the winter months. The gym is small but adequete.The hotel is about a 15 minute (brisk) walk from the beaches and 7 or 8 from the nearest metro and tram lines which service all the major tourist sites in the city with a change or two.Overall the hotel is probably aimed more at business travellers than tourists and is a bit too much off the beaten track  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>rovingsteve
<Content>great spot Great value. Only a 10euro taxi ride to the city centre. 10 min walk to the diagonal Mar where you get the bus, tram or metro. The breakfast was superb and cheaper to pay on arrival than via web sites. Rooms are modern, clean and comfortable.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>PaulaPratt
<Content>would go again A lot of people have written about the 15 min walk to the metro all i can say is they must walk really slow the Hotel staff suppied a map and directions to the Metro it took us 3 min to walk there ,jump on the yellow line and 3 stops and you are in the city centre.the area does look run down but this seems to be the norm in the outskirts i loved the Hotel and we never felt unsafe walking back at night.The rooms are very modern and room service was good and not a rip off i cant wait to go back to Barcelona and this hotel  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Mariagreece8
<Content>Lower than expectations We went with my husband to Barcelona and stayed at Vincci Condal Mar Hotel for 6 nights. I had read the comments about the area on your sight and i have to admit I was rather scared. The hotel is situated far from the city center in an industrial area. The metro station was rather far (15 minutes of walking in a dodgy area). We arrived on Saturday and everything was closed, so the area seemed even worse. The trade center DIAGONAL MAR is not far, but you have to go through an isolated part of the city that seems dangerous. The hotel was rather clean but the staff was inpolite and the breakfast was average. Overall I would not stay at that hotel if I visit Barcelona again, not because of the distance but because of the area. There are other hotels situated on the Diagonal Mar at the same price that offer better accessibility to the metro and bus stations.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	1	3	3	2	2	

<Author>jonkburrage
<Content>Stunning hotel, Great ambience       barcelona harbour  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>S_G_Taylor
<Content>Style over substance They made dreadful mistakes with our booking - a good job we phoned them before we arrived - they only had us down for 1 night rather than the 3 that had been paid for. OK looking hotel, modern rooms but very poor quality. Not at all practical and there was a glass sliding door (that had come out of its runners so just hung there and banged when you moved it) between the bedroom and the toilet. Everything else was just about OK. Because of the modern rotunda style of the hotel the bedroom windows were definitely not designed to look out of. They were extremely narrow and poky.Location just about OK. Wouldn't want to be walking around there late at night though. Use a cab.The package we had included F1 Grand Prix tickets and coach transfers. The hotel denied all knowledge of this and from that point on just lied to us. Once we proved the booking they told us they would be getting the tickets but that there was no coach transfer. We were then told to just turn up at the racetrack with our voucher (that would have been fun!!!) and they would let us in (no they wouldn't have and we would have spent over an hour and a half getting to the track). As the whole thing had been booked by El Corte Ingles department store, we decided to go there and they sorted it out. It became extremely apparent that if front of desk and the administrators behind the scenes don't know the answer to something, they just make it up. The tickets were at a sister hotel and there was a coach coming but they just didn't know about it. A very stressful time and a waste of one of our precious days trying to sort it out. Even without this problem the front of house are awkward and obstructive. Very poor customer service.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	1	-1	-1	

<Author>Huuhkaja
<Content>Okay, but some problems       Diagonal Mar area - 1.2km walk from Vincci Condal Mar  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	2	2	

<Author>twiggyholly
<Content>Great modern hotel for a fantastic price Stayed here for just one night at the beginning of April. Alot of the other reviews say it is in a bad area, but I really didn't see that! It is literally 100m away from a very nice redeveloped area, and less than a 10min walk to the beach.Me and my partner arrived late in Barcelona, and decided to walk to the hotel from the bus station in order to get our barings. It is quite a long walk (50mins roughly), but a really great thing to do in order to see some sights that the tourists dont usually see. When we arrived, check in was quick and painless, and the room was really really nice. Fantastic modern design with all the little extras you could want. In order to get around barcelona, me and my partner opted for the bus turistic. It has a stop not too far from the hotel and goes virtually everywhere. Well worth it for a short visit.I wish I had spent longer at this hotel. I also wish I had been there in may when the swimming pool on the roof is open. Overall, this is a fantastic hotel for the price (we paid 拢47 for the room) Dont be put off by the distance from the centre, there are many many transport options.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>BrendanVancouver
<Content>Good Hotel...Tough to find... Overall it was not a bad experience. I will admit that I spent 20 hours flying and then arriving in Barcelona late at night just o catch the last train to the city centre and then cabbing it from there. The cab ride did cost about 20 Euros but I was hot, tired and sweaty and would have paid twice that. Even the cab driver had a bit of difficulty finding the hotel.Arrived thankfully just before a tour bus and after a little trouble at the front desk with my reservation was up to my room. The rooms have a truly modern design, if you look very closely the wormanship does leave a little to be desired but nothing ghastly. I stayed for 3 nights and received a good deal through a website. Had a nice room on the lower floor, spacious and clean.I have read the other reviews of the neighborhood being dodgy, it is not overly bad. If you are a female travelling alone maybe it would be questionable but as a late 20's male by myself I never felt unsafe. The rooftop pool is pretty amazing and busy during the day as well. I had breakfast in the restaurant all three mornings and if you are looking for the typical amercian breakfast this is not for you. Very European with cold meats and cheese's and different breads with some hot items as well...personally I loved it!The walk to the city centre is a bit of a distance but not out of the questions, if you are a young group or couple it is a stylish hotel.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheBigKoala
<Content>Avoid at all costs! Appearances can be deceptive, this is a poor hotel.We should maybe have known things were not going to be good when the taxi driver told us that this hotel is just on the edge of a very dodgy area, but being from London we are used to dodgy areas so this didn't phase us...We were first given a very substandard room, very dusty, bathroom door handle hanging off, light fittings not screwed in, chipped furnishings throughout... although we had booked through a travel website we were still paying a significant amount of money and so complained and were offered a new room (next door) which was the same style but of a significantly better quality, which led us to believe that the room we had was reserved for the particularly stupid...Apart from this, the hotel is FAR from the centre of Barcelona and you will be obliged to take public transport for at least quarter of an hour (after a ten minute walk) to get anywhere near where you would want to go... can you afford to be wasting a one-hour round trip of your precious holiday time?We thought we were being clever by saving a little money staying further out but the constant taxi fares of ten to an unbelieveable eighteen euros (if they felt like taking an unfeasably long route) add up. Five nights of these cabs took its toll on the pocket.The little piece de resistance for this hotel, apart from the fact that after asking for a late 2pm checkout we were called no less than five times after midday by the reception to remind us to get out, the maid thought it would be nice to steal five euro from us. I know, we should have put it in the safe but it was stolen just the same. I've stayed in some dodgy quarters in Barcelona but never knowingly had stuff stolen from me before but I guess there is always a first time.So, my advice would be, stay somewhere else. Stay central and save on cab fees.Ask yourself - why does this hotel have lots of rooms free in busy periods when the rest of Barcelona is jam packed?  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>ne-wanderingfree
<Content>modern through and through Extremely attracted by low price and photographs of hotel. Drove down for a couple of nights from Southern France but didnt find the hotel easily. We were very lucky with the weather for early time of year. A bit concerned over appearance of area at first but the area seems to be enjoying regeneration and lets face it for prices like this for such a stunningly modern, new hotel a bit of road and path restructure can be accepted, at least there was free on street parking. The rooms were fabulous and faultless with attention to detail and quality fittings. The structure of the hotel was a bit daunting when you look over the central open area down to the ground floor, the rooms are on the outside of the round structure, but that adds to the thrill of the building. The view from the rooftop was fabulous across the city, even at night, but be careful out of season walking on the roof, as we walked enjoying the view we almost walked into the unlit open filled rooftop pool, could have been a great funny story, but probably unpleasant at the time. The only downside was the distance from the city centre, quiet a walk if you want to remain above ground and take in the sights. We didnt eat in the hotel so cant help out there.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>S_KWoking_SURREY_UK
<Content>Great hotel experience From the moment we arrived at the hotel until the time we left, i could not fault the hotel even if I tried. Friendly approachable staff, very reasonable price for a four star establishment (booked with flight package via internet site), impeccably styled rooms with amazing egyptian cotton sheets! Room service a delight. A pity it was winter and thus the rooftop pool was out of the question... I would highly recommend this hotel. Although situated a little outside of the city centre, it's 5mins walk away from the nearest tube station on yellow line 4(10min into central city) and 8min walk away from a very large stylish shopping mall on the Diagonale. Will definitely choose this hotel when next in Barcelona.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GosiaLisbon
<Content>Nice hotel, bad service I like the hotel: very modern, very design. Maybe the design of the bathroom was a bit exaggerated as the door was kind of transparent and did not close properly. But apart from this yes, it is a nice hotel. It is not in the centre but not far from the metro station and in a few stations you are in Barrio Gotic. On the other side, if you came by car, you will have no problems parking on the street.Now.... the service was bad. There was this woman in the reception who was rude and who did not really make an effort to accomodate our requests as they should in a 4-star hotel. I got better service in 2-star hotels.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	1	-1	4	

<Author>loubirmingham
<Content>Really mordern and fancy !! Booked through octopus travel, loved this hotel, really good price for the hotel stay , would go back and back again, not in city but across the road is the tube station that gets you to all the site sin 5 mins anyway !!!! I loved it !!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cant-wait-2-go-NYC
<Content>BEWARE!! The location was shocking, we nick named it the Bronx! The staff were most unhelpful especially went my aunt had her purse stolen at the bar(broad day light)!The staff could hardly speak english and would not write a report about the inncident. The best thing about the hotel was the view from the roof , it was fantastic! All in all i would not stop at this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	1	4	3	1	3	

<Author>svandenhoven
<Content>Such a strange building That was a pretty nice hotel, brand new (I'd say 2 years), with a nice view over Barcelona and the hills around. The pool on the roof was closed in February. Why not heating it ?Modern design inside, room was large, bathroom wall made of glass (you can see through, funny!)The only thing to complain about is the location, wich is a little bit out of the main places to visit (not that far from the subway station, and then a few stations from the centre). I won't recommend it for a single lady by night, the area was a hudge warehouse, and they are rebuilding it as residential. So, absolutely no night-life.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>maverick86
<Content>Very Nice Hotel Just came back from a week in the Barcelona staying at the Vincci Condal Mar. We booked over the internet and upon looking at the pictures decided that we would stay there. Upon reading reviews about the hotel I became a little apprehensive about the location and accessibility of Barcelonas main sites. Upon arrival at the hotel, the area was as described in some reviews, a little run down but not a ghetto. The hotel staff where friendly and efficient on booking us into our room. The hotel looks very grand and has that modern contemporary look about it. The room was very clean and well presented. The room layout was interesting; the bathroom and bath/shower is behind a slide door and a wall made of tinted glass. This does not offer a lot of privacy but as I was staying with my partner this didn't matter. The room was very stylish with a flat screen TV and a mini bar and free safe. The hotel restaurant is very nice and the prices are about average for a good restaurant. The hotels location is about a ten minute taxi ride to port vell or the rambla. This will cost around ten euros. Unfortunately during my stay the tube was not working so I cannot comment on this service. Overall the hotel was very nice and I recommend it however due to the location I would on hindsight book a three star in the centre of Barcelona. This is due to the tube/underground not working but if transportation as little easier I would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chopper666
<Content>great hotel, shame about the staff hotel was very nice - quite newly built with a very modern design.unusual or modern bathroom layout depending on your perspective.brown glass sliding door to bath/shower /toilet /bidet - whole wall made of glass. not exactly see through - but enough so you could see if some one was sitting on the loo. a distinct lack of privacy! wash hand basin out side of this glass area.had breakfast once - food was very goodonly problem was the staff - reception staff were very very slow to do anything - appeared disinterested in helping us / checking us in or out etc. no-one said hello / good bye as we entered or left hotel - even when we said it ourself. No rush at all - which can be very frustration when all you want to do is check in!a little isolated - easy taxi ride to port vell / olympic.i suggest the tourist bus - gets you to the main areas overall all i would stay there again , at a push, but would have a low expectation of reception!!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	3	4	1	2	3	

<Author>icecool16
<Content>Easily worth the extra travel!       from the outside  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	4	4	4	

<Author>AlexRen
<Content>Beautiful Modernista Style building in horrendous location! My wife and I picked The Vincci Condal Mar because of its close proximity to the Forum, where we would be attending the Primavera Sound Music Festival. We were quite impressed with the modern, modular look of the hotel from the pictures we saw on the website. And, I will admit, once we arrived at the Hotel, it was quite simply a marvel. Unfortunately, the hotel is located in a very industrial area, with a factory literally right across the street. We were told that it was located in an up and coming part of Barcelona, honestly though, there is nothing 鈥渃oming up鈥?in this part of Barcelona except for the thick clouds of smoke emanating from neighboring Factory鈥檚 chimneys. The Hotel is also about a fifteen minute, seven block walk from the nearest metro line. The hotel鈥檚 website states that it is 500 meters away from the metro line, that is an outright lie.  On the bright side, the hotel rooms are very clean and also maintain that cylindrical shape of the hotel, which we thought was very neat. The staff is also courteous and helpful, if asked. It is probably one of the better hotels we have stated at this price range; it鈥檚 just a shame about the location. A taxi into the more picturesque parts of the city cost about 12 euros.  If you are a tourist who plans to see the city, Barri Goti, Gaudi architecture, and Las Ramblas, you are better off staying closer towards the center of town. If you are a business traveler attending a conference in the Forum area, you are still better off finding a hotel closer to the Diagonal Mar Shopping area, as this hotel is nearly one mile away from the Forum area. Overall, the hotel is a wonderful architectural spectacle with good service, clean rooms and comfortable beds, but there is a reason why this hotel is so nicely priced. The Smog! The area is so miserable that it makes it hard to recommend this hotel  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	1	4	4	4	1	

<Author>StarIreland
<Content>Ignore the Critics, our stay was brilliant! Before arriving at this hotel, I had my doubts after reading some reviews...The hotel is exactly as it shows on the website, amazing, stylish hotel with the staff being professionally pleasant all the time...The buffet breakfast is something to write home about as it was supurb, whatever took your fancy for breakfast, they had it! I will say it is a bit from the Ramblas but your on holidays! Order a taxi and within 5-10minutes your there with the worthed charge of 鈧?0. We extremely enjoyed our stay and would recommend it to friends and family!!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cwmitch
<Content>Safe, quiet, nice staff, excellent experience We stayed at the hotel for 5 nights at the beginning of March. Our experience with the hotel was excellent. The hotel staff was very nice and friendly and all spoke English. We encountered no problems. The room was nice, a modern style, with some little problems, such as a spot on the ceiling, some bits of furniture finishes were falling apart, so you can see that it is made pretty cheap inside. But that did not affect our sty at all. The view from the top of the hotel was very nice and very relaxing especially in the evening, just to enjoy the lights, silence and the moon. Too bad the swimming pool was not open yet. Breakfast was included in the price and it was very good. The location of the hotel is in the Forum area, a new development area, with a big mall nearby. For us the surroundings were VERY safe, quiet and more than just OK. Yes, it is not in the middle of the city, but it is very easily accessible by the two metro stations in the area and the tram station. Just a 5-7 minutes walk from the hotel to any of the stations. We very highly recommend this hotel and if we go back to Barcelona, we will stay there. For the price you pay it is worth every penny.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>phaeochromocytoma
<Content>Nice place, shame about the nieghbourhood... Once again, we were seduced by the website photos and didn't look too hard at the location. It's 20 minutes from downtown on the metro, then 10 minutes walk to the station through an industrial area (building sites, warehouses, vacant lots). No cafes or shops nearby.Hotel interior lovely with a very modern design and great rooms.Charges for wifi/ broadband are 15 euro per day - a con when other places in spain provide it free...Service at the hotel bar was a little erratic  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	3	3	1	

<Author>rtwtrip
<Content>Great Hotel I have to disagree with alot of the other reviews on the site as this hotel is a great find.Firstly, I got a real cheap rate which was the best deal in town.The hotel itself is brand new and has first class staff  service. They were really helpful. The hotel itself looks great.While a lot of people complain about the location but I think it one of its best features. Two blocks or so to the Metro or Tram in what is a SAFE area. Maybe a little quite at night but it by no means unsafe or anything to worry about.There is alot of construction going on within the immeidate area, so it going to get even better in a year or two.Glen  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>samwho
<Content>Hotel fantastic, gypsie site 2 blocks away not so good The welcome my girlfriend and myself recieved was uncomfortable, the staff said very little and we not welcoming..With exception, a young Brazillian man called Tiago a reception worker pretty much made the hotel experience enjoyable, easy going and he was approachable on helping us out to find places within the city and chatting with us whenever we passed by and very he was very polite ,The room was amazing, the mini bar was used and when i came to pay the bill reception staff replied the mini bar was on them,which was very kind seeing through the fact the champayne was cracked openOn route to the metro, our means of getting to the city was uncomfortable as there was a pikey camp site 2 minutes away from the hotel which was abit daunting as I was carrying the euro's I Couldnt wait to spend were in my pocket.the breakfast buffet was amazing and worth paying for as the selection and variety was amazing..the shopping centre 2 mins down the road is great and has loads of resturants attached which i would advise are visited as the view is great.The hotel itself gets 9/10 but the construction site built up around it has affected my overall view of the hotel in more ways than one.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	4	5	3	

<Author>ChrisZegers
<Content>terrible breakfast This hotel looks new, but is put together very cheaply.Things start to fall apart already.The swimming pool is not heated and was absolutely freezing when I tried it, although the air temperature was a nice 25 degrees.The worst thing is the breakfast; an absolute joke.The coffee tasts like it was made a week ago and reheated 6 times.I will never go here again.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	1	4	3	2	2	

<Author>BabylonBaby
<Content>Trendy but not the location Overall stay was not bad for the price. Good design but as mentioned by other travellers not in the best locations. 10 to 15 minutes by cab to the centre of town, which is OK as fares are quite cheap.Restaurant breakfast self service. Average selection - great scrambled eggs.Staff not the most energetic I have come across.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	1	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>UKCityCouple
<Content>A disgusting experience My wife and I had a terrible experience at this hotel. In the wardrobe in our room, one of the drawers had a large brown smeared mess in it which looked and smelt like someone had gone to the toilet in there! We were disgusted and appalled and called the manager on duty, Nicolas to the room. He looked at it, the head of cleaning came and removed the drawer and later replaced it cleaned. The manager said he would get back to me with how he was going deal with the problem. I expected an apology and some kind of compensation, however, he/the hotel took no responsibility. His response was that he didn鈥檛 know how it happened and he implied that we could have done it. Don鈥檛 stay at this hotel, it may look lovely and modern but this horrible experience and the insulting service attitude was the worst I鈥檝e ever experienced.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	2	

<Author>mlomagno
<Content>Thanks but no thanks. Never returning again Stayed here for two nights from Oct 10th thru Oct 12th. Hotel was easy to find since we know the area very well and have stayed at other hotels in the vicinity. First, there are people who claim that the hotel is far away from everything. Absolutely not true. They are very spoiled or do not know what they are talking about. The metro is a few minutes walk away as well as the tram. The Diagonal Mar shopping center is a few minutes walk too. True, the hotel is located in a quiet part of town which is going through a complete transformation but I would hardly call it unsafe. There were plenty of people living around the area in all directions. There are many businesses there too so the area is not filled with tons of people but the streets are clean, well light, and no danger present. Check in was fast and friendly. Hotel room was interesting. Despite it being a newish hotel, we noticed in our room many things that seemed to be a sign of poor workmanship. We noticed things peeling, parquet floors that were not measured and cut correctly. Too many signs of wear and tear for a new hotel. Also, not that I am a prude but I found the interior space poorly planned especially the bathroom walls. How can you have walls made of clear glass in the bathroom so that everyone else in the room can see you squatting on a toilet seat. No thank you! Room was clean and sufficient but nothing to rave about. Breakfast was mediocre. The head waitress, Bea was aloft and rude. She was too busy critiqing the other staff than analyzing how she operates. She asks us if we want coffee and then we have to wait several minutes because she was busy making some breakfast for someone in the back area. Several people who came in after us were served first. And it seemed that if you did not come in wearing a suit, you were not worthy of notice. We asked her two more times and each time showed indifference. The food was very bland. Nothing tasted decent. The eggs were water. The tortillas were void of taste. No real selection of fruits or yogurts. Overall, hotel was not horrible but I would search for a better deal elsewhere on expedia when I go back to Barcelona.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	3	3	4	2	3	

<Author>PopPrincesa
<Content>Excellent hotel, great price We stayed there for a couple of days in September and it was a lot better than we were expecting. It is modern and clean. For the price we paid, I think it was a fantastic deal. Breakfast was diversed and delicious. I would rather stay in a decent place than in one of the filthy and overpriced hotels in the centre. If you can't be bothered to walk to the tube station (it is a good ten minutes walk), a taxi will take you quickly to the centre for around 7 euros, which is not too bad.Print a map of the hotel area so you will never get lost.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Girl_on_breaks
<Content>Bad location and service The location of this hotel is too far away from central barcelona. We booked it as it looked like a nice boutique hotel with a pool at a great price... but the cost and time to travel to port olimpic, plaza catalunya and las ramblas, for example, (10-15 euros in taxi, 20 euros to top of diagonal/tres torres area) made it expensive. It would have been better to pay slightly more for a room in a central hotel. Also if you get the hotel to book you a cab, there'll be a callout charge already on the clock of 1.55 to 4 euros.The surrounding area is underdeveloped, quiet, industrial and not a pleasant walk (10 mins or so) to the metro and tram - definitely not at night. There are people living in shacks on rooftops around and the general area doesn't feel secure.Also, we had a problem in our room and it was handled really badly and rudely by the staff and not resolved.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	4	-1	3	

<Author>Lybie
<Content>Want to stay in Beirut??? We recently stayed in the Vincci Condal Mar as part of a wedding group. I have to say that although we were upgraded to a beautiful room, which I could not complain about at all, I was a little disappointed with the service we received. The hotel residents bar closed at 11pm every evening, and more often than not you were likely to be waiting on some occasions, for up to 30 minutes for a bar person to arrive to pour the drinks!! On our second day my hand bag was stolen right outside the hotel door, the reception staff then proceeded to give us directions to a police station that would not take a statement from me! So they were of no help at all.The location of the hotel too, is what I would describe as brutal, it is like you are in the middle of a war-torn, poverty stricken hell hole, with little or no amenities at hand!All in all I would advise that for your own benifit, do not stay here!!!!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	1	5	1	2	4	

<Author>Davej1
<Content>Great Hotel We recently stayed at the Vincci Condal Mar , and I would have to say that we had a wonderful time , the rooms were excellent and staff were very helpful , the only area that was slightly disappointing was the wait at times at the hotel bar , but this was soon sorted by asking at the hotel reception and Lo and Behold someone would appear . For certain you would be able to get a hotel with this standard of accomodation in central Barcelona , but certainly not for the sort of price you pay for the Condal Mar . Likewise to get into seeing all the main sights it is just a 5- 10 minute walk to the Tram and Metro station ( and just 6.65e for a T10 ticket ) or use the Taxis which are very reasonable and can be ordered at reception , of which we never had to wait more than 5 minutes for . If I was to go back to Barcelona it would certainly be worth going back to this hotel .  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JessicaBerry
<Content>Great hotel, shame about the location I stayed at the Vincci Condal Mar from Saturday to Tuesday with my boyfriend. The hotel itself is good, modern, clean, with friendly staff and a good choice at breakfast.Unfortunately what lets the hotel down is its location. The area was extremely quiet and a bit of a ghost town. When we were walking to and from the metro station we felt quite vunerable as we were often the only people around. As a female I would not have liked to have been walking around on my own.We would probably not recommend the hotel to friends and family purely because of the location but otherwise it is a good hotel.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	1	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>senhwei
<Content>Nice hotel but bad location I stayed at the Hotel Vincci Condal Mar this weekend. First the good points :- very modern and nicely furnished and equipped boutique hotel- air-conditioned !- LCD TV in the room- reasonable hotel rates- helpful staff- nice buffet breakfast (cost EUR14)Aspects which can improved- the room I had was on the small side though the bathroom was quite big- the rooftop terrace is very nice and offers a panoramic view of the city but the pool is too smallBad points- by far the Achilles heel of this hotel is its location. It's located away from the city center though there are subway stations nearby which makes the journey into the city a generally smooth. However, walking to and from the subway station, especially at night, can be quite a risky proposition. The general vicinity is a mixture of light commercial / industry and residential. But I did not feel safe walking around after dark and generally took a taxi back to the hotel instead of walking.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	2	5	3	4	4	

<Author>sell
<Content>Steer well clear I didn't want to have to write this, but must warn other people attracted by the pictures on the website. Yes, the hotel is stunning, but the area it's in is little more than a slum, and very dangerous. The scary place with people living on the roof is still across the road.The hotels' security is also lax, although they were quick to pounce on us when we went for breakfast.Anyway, the real problem we had was the sneak thief who walked unchallenged into the breakfast room, and then walked out with my mother's handbag, which was on the floor between us. The thief (a woman pretending to be pregnant) then went outside and stole our car as well.While the staff, and particularly the manager, were as helpful as possible, the fact is you should be able to take your handbag with you to breakfast in a four-star hotel without all your belongings being nicked.My advice: steer clear, until the area really is redeveloped  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	1	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Darrenthehammer
<Content>Luxury at a fraction of the In-Town Costs - A little planning needed. Hotel is situated in a residential/Light commercial area. There are three Metro stations an 8 minute walk away so with a little time investment and ingenuity you can get Four Star Quality at a fraction of the cost of staying in the touristy areas.The Hotel is clean, contemporary and modern, My partner and I LOVED it. The view from the roof terrace both took my breath away. I didn't spend too much time up there to be honest, a quick dip after a long days sightseeing was all I needed. I did note, as others have, that the Terrace bar hardly ever seemed to be open.The staff were helpful, Just remember you are in Spain! Try a little spanish even if it is to say hello, apologise for your lack of spanish and ask if they speak english. At this Hotel, like so many others a little courtesy and acknowledgement that the English do NOT own the World goes an awful long way.Get a DIES pass at the metro on your first day and you be able to travel on the Metro, FGC, Trams and Buses for unlimited journeys.Would I go to Barca again? Yes indeed! Would I use the Vincci Condal Mar again? Yes Indeed! on my Budget I simply would not get anywhere like this closer in.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>mr.g.taylor
<Content>very dangerous location although the hotel was comfortable, it was too remote,we was advised by people on this site to use the metro during the day and taxi by night.on our last night our taxi driver tried to mug us by pepper spraying and beating us and abandoned us five minutes from the hotel.we managed to get back to the hotel and asked for police assistance, the night manager was not interested and told us he was not helping because it didn't happen at the hotel. what sort of hotel does not give emergency assistance to their guest?i would recomend that you look for a safer location and don't put yourself at unnecessary risk. yours g. taylor  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	1	4	4	3	3	

<Author>TRAVELASCOT
<Content>Friendly, modern and great value We loved our stay at the Vincci Condal Mar, as others have said it is well deisgned, modern and clean. The pool/sundeck area provides great views but it can get busy!!!. We found the staff very friendly and accomodating, please note that you can store your luggage after checkout for that later departure. The hotel is located near the Diagonal Mar shopping centre with lots of fashionable shops and a huge supermarket (ideal for drinks and snacks). We have stayed in the Diaganol Mar area before at the Princess and it is certainly an area that is developing fast both in terms of new hotels and apartment blocks. It is also part of the development of the coast stretching east of the Olympic port. It is now possible to walk, cycle, skate or whatever right along the new coastal boulevard. This is recommended particlularly in the evening as there are a large number of beach bars/restaurants each with their own DJ. Travelling in Barcelona is easy with the Metro (recommend using the El Maresme I Forum stop), bus (number 7) or the tram from Diaganal Mar. Things quieten down later at night in the hotel but thats probably a good thing for most people who have been busy exploring the may sights of this excellent city  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>JimmyManchester
<Content>Fantastic Find! I came across this hotel by chance as I generally stay closer to the centre of Barcelona however from now on whenever I am in Barca I will be booking myself into this hotel. I found the hotel to be spotlessly clean, stylishly designed with comfortable living areas and fantastic bathrooms. The rooftop pool and stunning panoramic views of the city are excellent however bar service by the pool is poor (the only bad thing I could say about the hotel). The location as has been mentioned in other reviews is a little industrial however it is a short walk to the metro stop so you are minutes away from all of the main tourist areas. Personally I did not feel unsafe while walking around the area even late at night. Near to the hotel there is a large shopping area with many shops and restaurants, personally I prefer to see the older side of the town but some will love it. This is a great hotel for the money, I think it would suit couples and groups more than families but for the price I would recommend it to all.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>orange_traveller
<Content>OK, but not great The hotel has a lovely lobby and magnificent lights hanging from the ceiling, which gives an overall good first impression. The rooms are above average with a HUGE bed, nice TV and bathroom. The only downside is there is only one English channel - but still, not a big thing unless you are planning to stay in the room all day! The selection of room service is not great, and neither is the lunch-time option in the restaraunt, but the food you do get is excellent. The separate restaraunt Takenmori has amazing food, although quite expensive; about 鈧?0 for a meal for two! It is well worth it though. The bar in the lobby also shuts at 11 so we didn't even get a chance to try it!One major drawback is the size of the pool - absolutely tiny and not heated. The views from the roof are quite spectacular, especially at night, however, they do shut the terrace round about 10.30 - 11, so you don't get to see much of them. The staff at the hotel, although being far from rude and unhelpful, are quite unfriendly and speak very little english.Another big drawback is the location of the hotel, however it only costs round about 鈧?0-30 to / from the airport which is quite reasonable and about 鈧?0 into Las Ramblas. However, if you were staying in a city-centre hotel of the same quality i expect the prices would be a lot higher. Although the area is a little run-down, you feel quite safe walking around there - even at night. About a 10 minute walk away is a really good shopping centre with a massive supermarket and anything else you could possibly need. All in all, its ok, nothing special but definetely good value for money.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	3	2	2	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing special I stayed in the hotel with my boyfriend for a couple of nights end of June.Chose it mainly because of its location (near the sea) and attractive price.I have to say that the room didn't disappoint me,the airco seemed to work well,the bathroom was nice (even if the shower head was falling all the time and had to ask them to change it),though they're not extremly friendly at the reception,quite neutral.The breakfast was chaotic,they didn't seem to know what to do,and I didn't like it that much,it was nothing special.as for the location,it's neither close to the sea,(since you have a very long way to get to the nearest beach,almost 25 minutes if not 30) and the subway is a 10 minutes walk.I wouldn't stay there again mainly because it's in a remote area even if they say it's close to the beach and because i wasn't very comfortable staying there even if i had no unpleasant surprises during my stay.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average stay I stayed at Vincci Condal Mar for 6 nights in June 06.The Hotel is fine well kept and the Reception and Rooms modern Air conditioned and spotless, the Buffet breakfast was fine and offered a reasonable variety.That is the better parts of the review, the Hotel service is quite poor getting served at the rooftop Pool (which is mobbed if more than ten people are at it ) Bar is almost impossible as it gets staffed for about 5 mins every Hr, do not get fooled by the website claim of view the city by night as the rooftop gets shut just as darkness descends?.The area is largely made up of building yards/sites and what appears to be drab cheap maisonette style housing and areas of waste ground, travelling to city centre is not too bad and can be acheived by Tram, Metro or by taxi ( 12 - 15 Euro).Beware of short taxi rides IE from Metro stop to hotel as some drivers wont take the Hire if its not worth their while!!.There is absolutely nothing in the immediate area for a tourist however a 15 Min walk will take you to Diagonal Mar shoping Mall which has a really good array of eating and drinking establishments and some light entertainment EG 10 pin bowling.Overall the Hotel is probably worth going to as its price is quite attractive but the Hotel itself offers very little in the way of features or services, bear this in mind if you have plans for a night at the hotel itself.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice hotel Stayed at this hotel for one night, 3rd June 2006. Arrived at 1pm and were promptly checked in. The room was very nice, on the second floor. Double bed, fabulous bath, flat screen tv. The best thing about this hotel was the breakfast, absolutely amazing, anything you could want was there. One not so great thing about the hotel was the location, however. It is about a five minute walk from the Selva de Mar metro station. No way to get into this station if you are in a wheelchair, just steep steps. There is a lot of construction work going on in the area. It is very quiet at night, the area is actually also very quiet, residential. The locals directed us to the hotel, very nice!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic... Ideally located Went with Partner for 40th Birthday.... Although Hotel in an area of regeneration was lovely. The icing on the cake was the beautiful sun terrace, pool and views... About a five minute walk from the Selva de Mar metro but nothing too undaunting if lugging cases. The room itself is very comtemporary and had extremely comfortable beds... Service was excellent... Breakfast outstanding... Only a 10 minute walk from the beach or if you want to cheat catch the tram..Can't wait to go back!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dsbsolihull
<Content>Take Care I have just returned from 4 nights at this hotel and would like to warn those who read this site.The location is opposite a coffee warehouse and 100 yards from a Gypsy caravan site. The 'shopping centre' referred to as being close by is a sprawl of tenement blocks with occasional tapas bars and barricaded shops amongst them.The hotel is some way from a decent tourist area and seems to be there for mainly visiting businessmen to the local factories/warehouses.The nearest Metro is Selva de Mar on line 4 but for goodness sake don't use the Metro. In 16 hours I was mugged once and subject to a pickpocket theft on the Metro. The Police refused to listen to my reports unless I produced my passport thereby reducing any chance of the offenders being caught. It is apparent that such thefts are commonplace as I found out plain clothes police and security work the centre but there are no warnings to tourists on display in the Metro stations or on the trains.The hotel inself is OK and at most 3 star. The buffet breakfast was excellent. One problem was the shortage of HOT water, it was necessary to leave the taps running for 5-10 minutes before it got hot.The consierge will arrnage taxis to get around but seem to favour the Spanish speakers and yesterday, despite being told our taxi was next, 3 arrived and were given to Spaniards but after 30minutes I managed to flag a stray cab down.Another problem I encountered was taxi drivers never hearing of this hotel. Twice we were taken to a sister hotel, Maritimo, and the drivers were adament this was the only Vincci hotel in Barcerlona. One was extremely offensive and abusive that we dared suggest he was wrong. Take a card with your and write out the complete address.The rooms are modern but a poorly cleaned, just look at the dust on the black surfaces when you arrive, it will still be there when you leave.There is a minibar in the room, no tariff is displayed so don't be fooled into thiniing it is complimentary as they charge 1.6 euros for a small bottle of water.If you fancy a good night out and excellent food visit the area of Port Olympic where good seafood restaurants can provide large meals for about 40 Euros each with drinks.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>WarringtonTraveller
<Content>Loved the Con Del Mar I stayed at the Con Del Mar back in November and absolutely loved the place. The decor of the bar and reception are is stunning (Especially the big pink lights hanging off the roof). The views from the roof are fantastic and the pool looks brilliant when it's all lit up at night.I would happily stay here again and again and again. The breakfasts are stunning, everything about this hotel is great (Except maybe the location - It could be better, but the area looks like it is going to under go massive redevlopment).I can't recommend this place enough.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value for money We've just returned from a 5 day trip to Barcelona and stayed at this hotel, we all loved it. Yes, the location is slightly out of town, and the area is being developed, but it was a beautiful hotel and is excellent value for money. The staff were very pleasant and spoke english, breakfast was fine for a cold buffet and the rooms were spotless. If you like the minimalistic style and are looking for a modern and clean hotel but don't want the city centre price tag then I highly recommend it.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jazz_puppy
<Content>Modern Design at the Vincci.       The all important bed....  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous hotel!!! We've just returned form a trip from Barcelona and stayed in the Hotel Vincci Condal Mar. We'd recommend this hotel to our friends and family. It's pretty modern and it's nice that it's located just outside the crowdy centre of Barcelona. It takes you no longer than 5 minutes to get to Metro 'Selva de Mar'. (If it took you longer you must have been walking backwards...) The rooms are beautufully furnished, they're clean and breakfast is great. The view from the top op the hotel is amazing!! We enjoyed our stay in this hotel very much. Have fun in Barcelona!!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>PJHarkin
<Content>Very mod,with cool bathroom door/wall This Hotel Is certainly value for money.4 star,modern and a great buffet breakfast.the problem that some might have that the nearest metro(which runs every 5 mins)is ten minutes walk away with another 10-15 min ride into the city.the hotel is based in an industral area which means after 5.30pm its get very quiet and very weiry for walking alone.bottom line would I go back? most definitly  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel, give it a chance Do not believe everything you read on this web site about this hotel, i agree that the hotel is not in the most glam part of the city, infact we could see 19 cranes out of our bedroom window! But you have to give it a chance. The hotel is gorgeous, very clean and the staff are very helpful. Its a little way out of the city, but we found it very easy to hop on a tram to Port Olimpica then on to one of the open top buses which go all over the city!! At 18 euros a day you can hop on and off the bus as many times as you wish, a definate must when being out there! I myself didn't find it threatning walking through the area around the hotel, but if you do a taxi is a cheap way of heading back to the hotel when dark! Some parts of England are 10 times worse than this area!The price you pay for stopping in this hotel is brilliant!! At the end of the day its just a base, whoever goes to Barcelona to stop in a hotel room all day is obviously strange! As for the bed, a huge kingsize, which we found very comfy!We didn't eat in the hotel, we chose to get out and about and have a breakfast stroke lunch!!Would definatly recommend eating at Port Vell or Port Olimpica on a night which is either a tram or taxi drive away!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>calislyn
<Content>Fantastic hotel with no faults whatsoever My husband and i have just returned from a 5 day holiday at Vincci Condal mar.The area is not bad at all the hotel was fantasticwe had a warm welcome at reception they spoke goodenglish and couldnt do enough to welcome us.The room was fantastic,and the breakfasts were asmuch as you could eat with a selection of everything.The staff in the restaurant couldnt do enough to help us and i would definately recommend this hotel to anyone.The horror stories supplied on this site frightened me but i could not fault anything regarding area or hotel.If you want a fantastic holiday go here i can thoroughly recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great having read the reviews before hand i was also worried about my stay. this was totally unfounded.this was an excellent hotel. breakfast was wonderful, and plenty of it!yes it is a little far from the city, but the metro is only 10 mins away and we felt safe walking around at night.i would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to all.the only thing i would have liked was the pool, which was not in use. yes i went in march, but at 18 dgs, i would have liked a swim.but overall, a great little hotel  staff were great too.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Fickle2005
<Content>Excellent modern hotel After reading reviews of this hotel I was more than a little apprehensive but having just returned from my 3-night stay in Barcelona at the Vincci Condal Mar I felt compelled to write a positive review for future travellers!This is a fantastic modern hotel with all the facilities you could expect and very trendy decor. The location is a 10 minute stroll from the nearest Metro station (the area is being developed but is by no means unsafe) and then a 10 min metro ride into the centre of the city. An excellent location for a very reasonable price in my experience.Don't let the other reviews put you off if you want a comfortable base from where you can explore this remarkable city!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Millsy1
<Content>Good value Having read other reviews on the Condal Mar, I was beginning to regret having booked the hotel for myself, my wife and a group of friends. My fears were unfounded however as we found the hotel to be clean, comfortable and good value for money. The price worked out to be 拢48 per couple per room, per night, and it included a very extensive choice of continental breakfast...breads, cakes, cheeses, cold meats, cereals, fresh fruit, yoghurts.The rooms were modern and we did not find any faulty equipment, taps, showers etc. The staff on reception spoke English and were professionally friendly. The Condal Mar was an eight-minute stroll/walk to the nearest Metro, and then a 10-15 journey into the centre of Barcelona. Okay the area was under renovation, but it did not affect our stay. We felt safe going back to the hotel at night (far more so then we do in London), and the grafitti was no worse than our cities. Overall, we found it to be excellent value...not The Ritz or the Dorchester, but more than adequate for our purposes.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mike6363
<Content>Excellent hotel Just got back from 3 days in barcelona with my wife. We stayed in the vinicci condal mar, and like alot of people do, i read reviews after i had booked the hotel. After reading these reviews i was tempted to cancel our reservations but i had paid in advance and would lose 25% in doing so. I'm glad i didn't because its a great hotel and for 拢50 a night for bed and breakfast for two it can't be faulted. The equivellent hotel in city centre would have cost three times as much. It is only a 10 minute walk to metro station, which is easy to use and not overcrowded like the Paris metro. Staff were perfectly fine, food was ample and plenty of choice and the room was impressive(big bed and deep bath). The area is ok, no diferent from the outskirts of any other large city. Not much to see or do, but not dangerous either. Overall i would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, friendly staff and a really good breakfast We (two adults and two children) stayed here, in two rooms, for four nights last week and found the hotel to give very good value for the money (around 72鈧?per room and night with breakfast included). The staff was very friendly even though we don't speak a word of Spanish and we didn't have any trouble with the somewhat undeveloped surroundings. The nearby shopping centre had all the shops you wanted and a lot of restaurants of different kind. The shops were open until 10 PM and the restaurants even longer. I can really recommend a stay in this hotel if you can bare the 10 minute subway-travels into town (worked very well for us)  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>marazul79
<Content>Excellent value! I stayed at this hotel with my boyfriend 2 weeks ago. After reading all of these reviews I must admit I was more than concerned but went with the attitude that it was just somewhere to put your head down. After all, we were there to see the city not to spend it in the hotel! The hotel and room were very well presented and we had no problems with the staff. After living in Spain for 7 years, I know what to expect from the Spanish...or what not to expect! Breakfast was ok, good choice of food and overall I think it was excellent value for money. 拢50 a night for the 2 of us.As for area, it wasn't nearly as bad as made out. Taxi's cost between 7-10鈧?and the metro station was no more than 10 minutes walk. Metro journey was equally as quick and I felt totally safe walking in this area. Buy a T10 card which can also be used on buses and the tram. I would definitely stay here again and would recommend to others who are easy going and are not overly fussy on where they stay. If you have high expectations then stay elsewhere!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Alza
<Content>It's not in a gheto - It's the real Spain - Fantastic My wife and I stayed at the Vincci for 3 nights last weekend. I have to admit we were begining to regret the reservation here after reading the reviews - we did choose to ignore them - and quite rightly so.This hotel is SPANISH because strangely enough it is in Spain - the staff are Spanish and very charming with it too. I admit we speak Spanish enough to get what we ask for and hold a reasonable conversation. However, we did witness non-Spanish speaking brits lose there cool in under 1 minute when not getting what they wanted there and then - not good to act in such a way in a country that is, after all, well known for manana. We got the same time scale service as all guests Spanish speaking or not and there was absolutley nothing wrong with it. We stay in 5 star to Deluxe hotels around the world. This hotel is classed as 4 star - it is a very good 3 star to be fair. When in Spain work on Spanish time - you will relax and have a lovely time.The area is safe if not safer then most citys in the UK. We walked at all hours to and from the Selva De Mar metro(10 mins max stroll) - even as late as 01:30 - and it is perfectly ok. If you are not a seasoned traveller you may find it a bit off putting but please don't - there is a lot of grafitti (which I actually do not agree with) BUT it is very artistic unlike London tube scrawls.If you do not want to use the Metro (or Tram which is not as convenient to get to certain places as the metro) and you want to really do Barcelona City then I would advise that you book another hotel closer to the City. Also, if you do not speak Spanish and you want to use the local area (including the Mall) you will get frustrated as the majority of the locals in this area do not speak English - especially in the surrounding cafe and bars-why is this? Ah yes we were in Spain - bizarre isn't it. Sorry for the sarcasm but I cannot understand why some people get annoyed when Spanish people do not speak English - do they speak Spanish in the UK to visiting Spaniards? And YES there are bars in the surrounding area towards the seafront about 5 mins from the hotel BUT they are local tiny bars - frequent them if you feel happy and want to immerse yourself in the real Barcelona and bar Tapa.Barcelona City is fab, Port Olimpic is fab (if a bit touristy), Port Vell is nice but not as good as the Barri Gotic. The Gothic Quarter is the best place in the city - real bar/cafe with non tourist priced Tapa. A big tip here is to go in to any bar which is full of locals - go down lanes and find them there are a few goodies to be had here. For our taste/opinion Las Ramblas is full of cafe/bar touts trying to flog you inadequate bars with inflated prices. Avoid the American Tapa Restaurant (half way up on the left going away from the seafront). We asked if we could have a glass of wine while deciding if we liked the menu (and prices) YES the tout told us-got in and bottles only. 12 euros for a half bottle - I don't think so - we walked out. You can get a very good bottle of rioja for the same price and Cava for 13 euros.Go to the Vincci Condal Mar it is a good hotel with lovely staff and a very good breakfast for 12 euros. I was stuffed on the 2 mornings we did eat. Fruit, cereal, cold meat, 2 types of egg (plus fried on request) bacon, various variety of bread and juices. Tea and coffee as much as you want (served in 2 mins of sitting on both occasions and repeats in same times).I am fussy but easy going-and I expect to get good service no matter the stars for my money. We got what we wanted and left our long weekend tired but extrememly happy.OH and the beds are firm BUT very comfortable - slept like a log - mega king size too. ENJOY  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>br1zer
<Content>Excellent Value For Money My wife and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The rooms were excellent and benefit from soundproofing. The Staff were attentive and helpful and dealt patiently with numerous people who asked for directions to the Metro.Whilst I concede that the hotel is not in the most picturesque part of the city, you have to remember that the overwhelming majority of Barcelonians stay in apartment buildings, not in semis in leafy suburbs. There is a mixture of offices and apartment blocks but it cetainly isn't Inner City Britain!The area is a developing area with an excellent Shopping Centre that has fantastic restaurants. My wife and I took the 10 minute walk through the neigbourhood to and from El Meresme Station at all hours of the day (2am on Saturday) and passed ordinary people of all ages. Many, as Barcelonians do, chatting and walking their small dogs. We in no way felt threatened. It would be a shame if you decide to give this hotel a miss because of a perceived impression of the neighbourhood. Thanks to the excellent metro and tram we were in Passeige De gracia within 25 mins.Also an ideal location to explore Olympic Village, Pablenou and Barcaloneta  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gwaring
<Content>Don't Stay Here I stayed at this hotel for a few nights having found myself a good deal on the web. The hotel looked amazing from the internet pictures and thought I had found myself a real bargain. Upon arrival however, I was very disappointed.The hotel is very new, you could still smell paint in my room which was not particularly spacious but did look the part with modern furnishings and bathroom.The location however is terrible. It is right in the middle of a very very very run down area. My room overlooked a ghetto style tower block and office block. Walking around the area felt very unsafe and there is nothing to do at all close to the hotel. Oh well I thought, I will take the metro and go into the centre. I asked the hotel receptionist where the nearest metro station was, NOT A CLUE!!!! She didn't seem to be in too much of a hurry to find out for me either so I ended up going across the road and asking the man who worked in the local petrol station. The staff at this hotel need some major training in customer relations!!!!!It is a good 15 minute walk to the station through this very dodgy area. (DON'T WALK AROUND WITH ANYTHING VALUABLE). The train into the centre takes approx 15 minutes. Buy a T10 card which gives you 10 journeys on the metro, perfect if you are there for a few days.Next morning I went down for the 16 Euros breakfast. One piece of advice here, don't bother! It was awful. I waited 25 minutes for a pot of coffee as there was only 1 person serving whilst the other girl would only stand by the door checking who was coming in. The breakfast consisted of pastries, fruit, cereal and cold ham and cheeses (which all looked fine) but the hot selection was mini cocktail sausages, microwaved bacon, and sloppy un-cooked scrambled egg. Not my idea of a breakfast thanks.The hotel bar isn't any better, you're lucky if you can find the bar person at all and the people on reception (which is just opposite) disappear. After a 15 minute wait I went back to my room.Room service I thought. The selection is basic to say the least and it is only served until 10.30pm. I ordered a cheese sandwich with some fries. You cant go wrong with that surely. Oh yes you can! It arrived after 40 minutes with the usual look from the staff of How dare you ask me to do something. The bread was stale, the cheese even more so and the fries were completely cold. I phoned room service and asked them to change it. Guess what? They never appeared. EVER. That plate stayed in my room until I checked out. It might still be there now.I could not wait to check out of this hotel, and when I did it was the best feeling, I felt like I had been set free. It has really put me off Barcelona itself, shame really the city itself is lovely, even with all the graffiti.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>babeyrachel
<Content>Well priced, location bearable, staff rude. My partner and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in September 2005.The hotel is located a fair distance from the main sights of Barcelona (certainly not walking distance). However the beach, a large shopping centre and a metro station are within walking distance. The metro station is approximately 10-15 minutes walk away. We generally used the metro during the day and taxis at night.We opted for a junior suite at around 拢75 per night. This gives you a second WC, dining table and sitting area. Although we didn't see the standard rooms the suite was only slightly more expensive at the time.The rooms themselves were very modern - with a slight 70s feel. Everything was very clean. However the hotel had only been open a few months and was already starting to show signs of wear and tear. For example the laminate flooring in the bedroom was very scuffed. The bath had no plug which was very irritating and the shower leaked everywhere.We opted to have breakfast in our room at the same price as going downstairs for it.The pool area (on the roof top) was fairly large although there was an extreme shortage of chairs and sunloungers.The biggest qualm however was the attitude of the staff. A metal towel rail fell off the wall onto my partners foot (he was not even touching it at the time). His foot swelled up and was extremely painful so we automatically presumed he had broken it. I telephoned reception asking for someone to come up to our room. In the UK the manager would have been up to see you instantly, offering you a free stay and a substantial sum of money to keep the incident out of court. Here, a maintenance man who spoke no English arrived around 20 minutes later to fix the towel rail. Downstairs in reception some time later the receptionist seemed to think the whole incident was quite amusing (it wasn't).  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>clippedwings
<Content>Good place to stay, if a little far out The Vinnci Maritimo is a modern hotel on the outskirts of central Barcelona. Whilst it is definitely not in the heart of things, there is a metro 5 mins walk away which is 10-15 mins to the centre - or you can get a cab which will take 10 mins door to door. The area is a little shabby, but is clearly receiving a lot of development with some very smart buldings having recently been built and a fairly posh shopping centre across the road. Barcelona is very expensive for accommodation, so we were happy to trade convenience for a bit of comfort.It's very contemporary in style - right down to the somewhat offputting bathrooms mentioned by other reviewers! Foruntately style did not triumph over comfort. Food (we only had breakfast there) is fine, the staff too. We did find the place a bit quiet, but that added to the sense of being out of the hubbub of the city centre.Overall, I'd recommend it to others.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vinnci Condal "Ghetto" Oh dear. This is what happens when you let Internet pictures get the better of you. My wife and I are on the final leg of our honeymoon. All of our hotels along the way have been fantastic...except this one. This hotel is like an onion. The more you peel away at the surface...the more it stinks.When we checked in I swear we were the only guests in the hotel. Everyone from the front desk to the janitor barely spoke above a whisper. I felt bad speaking out loud.The room, was a suite. You walk in and go wow only when you delve a little deeper you realise its just a couple of cheap pieces of furniture and a piece of cardboard on cement for a bed. I kid you not. You're lucky to get 30 minutes of sleep at night.So you walk around the room and assess the situation and while you may be tempted to open the curtains...don't...for what awaits you outside is hilarous. When I opened my first curtain in my top floor suite I found 3 construction workers about 10 meters away keeping themselves warm burning stuff in a rusty barrell. I swear I heard a gun shot and a scream but maybe my imagination got the better of me.American Breakfast they call it. It was a LEAST minus 5 degrees in the restuarant...my wife and I being the only guests it seems were freezing so much are cutlery would make a clanking sound as we ate...Most unenjoyable.Armed with the required courage...we braved the outdoors. This is no picture perfect setting mind you. I have photos that I will post in a later review. I just can't cover it all here and don't want to loose you as a reader.Please, don't make the same mistake we did. If you're looking for a bargain, try a 3 star in the city...this area is run down, brown and grey which gets you depressed.It may seem all I'm doing is complaining but trust me, it deserved it.No ironing board? Are you serious?  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>g.mccard
<Content>nice hotel, dont believe the bad reviews!       sagrada familia  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Edrop
<Content>Fantastic Room, Disapointing Location We booked for a weekend and got a fantastic deal on a junior suite.The room was excellent. Spacious, clean, modern, with lots of freebies. The staff did their job but didnt excel.The main let down with this Hotel is the location. Lets just say it was rather like being in the middle of an abandoned industrial site.The underground is only 5 minutes walk though, but I wouldn`t recommend walking back at night.All said, we had a great weekend in Barcelona, and for the money we paid for the room (拢80 per night) it was great value. Put it this way, if they could pick this Hotel up and move it to the marina the cost would easily triple !!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>barken
<Content>Fancy design in less appealing area We opted for this hotel for a long-weekend in Barcelona, as it looked like a reasonably priced treat. The hotel in itself is a good place to be with some interesting design features and comfortable rooms. The interior is very much contemporary design, although quite dark and heavy. The staff is friendly and helpful and the room was exceptionally clean. However, considering the fact that the hotel only opened earlier this year, I was a bit concerened that the AC was broken when we arrived (it was fixed after my second call to reception) and the shower flooded the bathroom every time we used it. Although we were all in all pleased with the room and the service, location is the explanation to why this trendy hotel is so affordable. Quite differently to any place I have ever stayed in before, this is a posh looking hotel slap bang in the middle of a mixture of old workshops/old yards and construction sites. It doesn't look very pretty, but during the day and early evenings we felt safe enough walking around. Taxi would be the only option for late night travel (appr. 15 Euros into the city centre) for us. On the positive side we were delighted to discover that only 5 minutes walk away there is a huge shopping mall, which also has a great variety of food outlets and a couple of restaurants. From there you can also catch the Metro into town (5-6 stops away), which we did during the day. All in all I would say I enjoyed my stay, but if you are after late-night partying in central Barcelona this is not the best option.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel We chose this hotel because it seemed good value for money and although it was not in the centre of Barcelona it is only five or six stops away on the metro from Las Ramblas. The room was spotlessly clean and contrary to some other reviews I had read before staying in this hotel, the service was excellent and the staff were more than helpful with any queries that we had. The breakfast buffet was very good and we never had to wait for a table. However, there are a few things that we were not so happy with. We ate in the restauarant the first night we arrived, but found that the food was not that great and it was over-priced. Two stops away from the hotel is the Olympic village and port and I would strongly recommend eating there as there are a wide variety of restaurants to suit all tastes. Also, the hotel is not in a very good area, although it was quiet enough I did hold on to my handbag very tightly on the way back to the hotel in the evening! All in all, a good hotel to use as a base for seeing the city.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lisa011
<Content>Fab Hotel We were told about this hotel by the ryanair hotel website. It opened early in 2005 and the rooms are great, clean, large and well maintained.It is slightly out of the city centre but the metro and bus are about 5 mins walk as is the Diagonal MAr shopping centre. Good breakfast buffet. Rooms very quiet. We needed 2 rooms for 3 nights and paid 拢360 in total.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NjessM
<Content>Don't stay here! After looking on the website at the hotel images we found a really good deal with 100Euros per night. So we were hoping for something great. The taxi journey to the hotel cost 25 euros which was very expensive. What we realised was that the hotel was very far and in a run down area. It is a good hour and half to try to walk...any nothing to see for at least 40 minutes. When we arrived at the hotel we were very disapointed with the service. The staff were not very friendly or happy to communicate with us. they took our details and gave our key within a couple of minutes. there was no information given about facilites or breakfast. the hotel was modern but service very poor. The room we got was on the balony over looking the bar. Which we realised was not ideal as the noise from the bar echoed until 1am.... when we rang down to complain we spoke to someone that couldn't speak or understand english but instead for the phone to be put down.I would advise anyone looking at a great time in BArcelona NOT to stay here.....We were so disapointed that we checked out the following day and found the Hotel Royal on La Rambla facing the street. This hotel was more expensive and basic but at least we saw people and were in the heart of the city.If you do plan to stay at this hotel, make sure you speak spanish,check your room for loose wires and make sure your room is not facing the bar.The other thing you should double check is the building work going on as you will be woken up at 7am!!Glad to have moved!!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value but a few drawbacks       The roof top swimming pool  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>pdxmark2
<Content>Good Value for the money, location not so good   showReview(3930255, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Lawsash
<Content>Great Stay in Barcelona   showReview(3915798, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent for a bargain   showReview(3914659, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great value for money   showReview(3758261, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceeded expectations   showReview(3736715, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StuartTripper
<Content>Modern Designer Hotel   showReview(3724720, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>IT WAS WICKED!   showReview(3581849, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will be nice when fully built and area is cleaned up   showReview(3545058, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Modern Hotel   showReview(3545016, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>www
<Content>Never Again.   showReview(3499567, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Tom_fr
<Content>Finitions abim茅es, mat茅riaux bas de gamme   showReview(22098866, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	1	3	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bello, ma con molti ma!!!!   showReview(19640466, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ci tornerei molto volentieri   showReview(19640464, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tolles Preis-/Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(19640462, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel   showReview(19640461, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr gerne wieder !!!   showReview(19640460, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bello ma la posizione un po' defilata   showReview(19640458, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr modernes Hotel   showReview(19640465, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel di lusso a prezzi accessibili   showReview(19640457, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(19640459, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu d茅莽u par l'environnement   showReview(18525686, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon rapport qualite/prix   showReview(18525684, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚n und bequem   showReview(18525688, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ne surtout pas y aller.   showReview(18525679, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes Hotel   showReview(18525687, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>baeusl
<Content>Super Hotel       Dachpool  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Stylish - aber vom Schuss   showReview(17437088, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>joli mais excentre   showReview(17437086, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>exellent hotel   showReview(17437075, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo.   showReview(17437084, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fr眉hst眉ck   showReview(17437074, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres Bel Hotel   showReview(16586290, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon hotel   showReview(16586289, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ansichtssache   showReview(16586291, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>confortable et tr猫s commode   showReview(16586288, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Urlaubsreise   showReview(16586278, 'full');   
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne Wieder   showReview(16586277, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>personnel agr茅able   showReview(16586286, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon h么tel un peu trop 茅loign茅 de la station de m茅tro   showReview(16586287, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ganz ok   showReview(16586275, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr茅s Bel H么tel - Attention aux D茅tails qui cassent un bon s茅jour   showReview(16586279, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel sympa pour un weekend   showReview(16586283, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s moyen !   showReview(16586282, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y retournerons des que possible   showReview(16586276, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Non male   showReview(16586280, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Modernes Hotel am Rande der Satdt   showReview(15573230, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Mittelklasse Hotel   showReview(15573231, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel de tr猫s bon confort   showReview(15573228, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un buon hotel, peccato che sia decentrato   showReview(15573237, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel in schlechter Lage   showReview(15573235, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(15573234, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15573233, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel design   showReview(15573217, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Alles war gut   showReview(15573229, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr茅s recommandable   showReview(15573216, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tutto ok   showReview(15573232, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo in zona tranquilla   showReview(14726257, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres correct   showReview(14726258, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bel hotel un peu excentr茅 mais d茅co tr猫s raffin茅 personnel acceuillant   showReview(13974796, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脺berzeugt   showReview(13974794, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un peu surfait   showReview(13974793, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nettes Hotel aber kein **** Standart   showReview(13974792, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>stylisches Hotel in guter Lage   showReview(13194795, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>splendido hotel   showReview(13194793, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sch枚nes Hotel   showReview(13194790, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Umgebung nicht berauschend;Gute Anbindung zu 脰PV   showReview(13194791, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>eplangelaa2
<Content>Hotel super   showReview(12320450, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13194789, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Klassiches Designerhotel   showReview(13194792, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>marsue007
<Content>Beaucoup de classe, mais excentr茅   showReview(11968034, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Design minimalista. ottimo per...   showReview(11403211, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon H么tel   showReview(11310455, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il miglior albergo prezzo- qualita mai visitato!   showReview(11310451, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne jederzeit wieder   showReview(11310446, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Da vedere!   showReview(11310452, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr modernes hotel in strandn盲he und gro脽em einkaufscenter   showReview(11310453, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sch枚nes Hotel   showReview(11310450, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(11664284, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder   showReview(11664283, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr stylishes Hotel   showReview(11664282, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Designerhotel   showReview(11664280, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Con la spiaggia futura sara' il migliore   showReview(11310454, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel stupendo davvero!!!   showReview(11310445, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>viajerapamplona
<Content>me gust贸 este hotel   showReview(8692520, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>Guilliandemars
<Content>Impeccable   showReview(8636475, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Poca pulizia nella camera...   showReview(11403212, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel - weniger sch枚ne Umgebung   showReview(11442551, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Molto bello e confortevole.   showReview(11442546, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Luxus der Moderne   showReview(11442545, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>VINCCI銆€CONDAL銆€MAR   showReview(19163007, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent service   showReview(11442543, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bellissimo. Ultramoderno...   showReview(12651173, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr sch枚nes Hotel! - Empfehlenswert!   showReview(11428012, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Stylisches Hotel - Service naja   showReview(11428007, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel   showReview(11408007, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Hotel, gute Verkehrsanbindung, mieses Restaurant   showReview(11408003, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top-Hotel zum Schn盲ppchenpreis   showReview(11397007, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel confortable, mais tr猫s mal situ茅   showReview(11397006, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tangolino
<Content>Situation totalement d茅centr茅e   showReview(6915748, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	1	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>vincente   showReview(11397005, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel nuovo e meraviglioso   showReview(11392091, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈偡銉ｃ儸銇儑銈躲偆銉炽儧銉嗐儷銇с仚锛?#x201d;   showReview(19160220, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>quartier en travaux   showReview(11392076, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nicht gut   showReview(11392075, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>PAS EN RAPPORT AVEC LA DESCRIPTION TROP LOIN DU CENTRE   showReview(11373683, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Preis-Leistungs-Verh盲ltnis   showReview(11373682, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Angenehmes Hotel im postindustiellen Viertel   showReview(11373681, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>HAMMERGEILES Design-Hotel ***sehr gerne wieder***   showReview(11360565, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eher ein Gesch盲ftshotel   showReview(11360564, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einfach Super   showReview(11344691, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel in schlechter Lage   showReview(11344690, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Etwas abseits, aber mit U-Bahn kein Problem   showReview(11344689, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ganz okay   showReview(11344688, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Designhotel par excellance   showReview(11344668, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>uperbe h么tel pour un week-end romantique...   showReview(11344667, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione non comoda,la zona 猫...   showReview(11403214, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder!   showReview(11344663, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Design, eleganza ed ottima posizione.   showReview(11338360, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>je n'y retournerai que contraint   showReview(11338359, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>PULITISSIMO, ACCOGLIENTE, COME...   showReview(11403215, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>le vincci condal mar nous offre une vue de barcelone magnifique   showReview(11344662, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 molto bello...   showReview(11403216, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel, arredato con...   showReview(11403217, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

