<Author>berniss
<Content>Boutique Hotel with Fantastic Location I wanted to stay in the Saint Germaine area and looked at TripAdvisor for a hotel that was well regarded. This hotel popped out. I looked at the website and noticed that they were offering specials that brought down the prices during the time period I was visiting.There were four categories of rooms and I booked the second category. When we arrived, our room wasn't available and we were exhausted and needed to sleep immediately. We opted to upgrade to the next category in order to get some sleep. The difference was $50 EU which isn't really worth it for a bit more space, unless you get a really special room. I was a bit disappointed that they didn't offer to upgrade us. However, they made up for it on our last day, when they credited us $50 EU back and let us keep the room until 5pm. It still cost us more for two days.There are Hermes soaps and shampoos, robes, slippers, scale, a hair dryer and there was a turn down. One day we we found a jar of poached pears left for us. There is also free internet, though it is somewhat cumbersome to use.The service at the hotel was was lovely. We were offered to be awakened each morning with coffee, tea or hot chocolate. The breakfast buffet was included and seemed to stay open well past what it was supposed to. There was live jazz Wed through Sun in the lounge and a lovely Salon with a fireplace to take tea. Our package included two tickets to the Louvre or D'Orsay, a river cruise, and a tea during our stay and breakfast each day. The concierge was lovely and the staff was warm and friendly.The ambience of the hotel was understated and 15th century. The location was amidst cafes and one block from the Pont Neuf. We could easily walk to the Louvre, the D'Orsay, the Notre Dame...Metro stops....restaurantsI will definitely stay there again. It was well priced for a Paris hotel and the location was superb. I found it very quiet.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	3	-1	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ksvensson
<Content>Over-rated, noisy, and uncomfortable beds... We were terribly disappointed with our two night stay at Hotel D'Aubusson in late November. I had reserved it because all the rave reviews and high rating on Trip Advisor, and chose the hotel over other hotels I had stayed before with lower rating. I kept wishing I had not followed the advise... We arrived and were told we got an upgrade from a basic to a slightly better room. It had a king-size bed and it was a nice-size room, BUT it was on the second floor above a noisy, narrow road. Both me and my husband had to use ear-plugs! The worst thing was a huge, very noticable valley in my husband's bed, which made for back ache and bad sleep. We complained in the morning and were transfered to a smaller room all the way through a court yard, the breakfast room, salon, up two flights of stairs (no elevator). The room was tiny, but otherwise ok. Beds were ok (no holes) but not much more. Again, after this experience, I will think twice before I book based on Trip Advisor's ratings, and will for sure not return to Hotel D'Aubusson!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>EastHamptonGinger
<Content>The Romance in Paris package is fabulous! We loved this hotel! The location is ideal, the neighborhood is interesting with lots of wonderful shops and cafes. The staff of the hotel could not be more accommodating, the service is excellent. There are many special touches here that make for a very personal and memorable visit. It's like having your own apartment in Paris. Special Tip: be sure to ask for a Grande Luxe Apartment otherwise you may not be happy with the size of your room.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mmwrpelletier
<Content>Best Boutique Hotel in Paris My wife and I are from Canada, visiting Paris for 7 days as part of a medical conference. We stayed for the first 3 nights at a large hotel in Montparnasse (Meridien, similar to a large Hilton or Marriott) but knew that for our last 3 days we wanted to stay in the best area of the city, in the Latin Quarter, close to landmarks, an easy walk to anything cool in Paris.We did our research, spoke to friends who had stayed in Paris, and took an educated gamble on this hotel. We are in our late 30's, married for 13 years, and were leaving our kids at home for the first time.There truly could not be a better hotel for us. We've travelled throughout US and North America, and have a good feeling for what we wanted. The problem with Paris hotels is often that they have small rooms and staff is not friendly. Nothing could be further from the truth at this hotel.The rooms are very reasonable in size. We paid a bit more, stayed on the top (5th) floor, in the Edith Piaf room. Very large, nice Queen bed, nice bathroom. Lots of light. Not a great view, but you don't stay in a hotel for the view. The staff is really, really nice. Always smiling. We speak French, but they speak English very well. The breakfast is wonderful: eggs, bacon, sausage, croissants, fresh-squeezed orange juice, etc... Every day there is a nice fire in a very large fireplace. Every time we got back to our room, there was a little treat: A bottle of champagne our first day. Chocolates our 2nd day. Tags for our bags the 3rd day. There is a very nice little bar downstairs, with Jazz on Thur-Sat nights. Think about it: sitting by the fire, sipping on a glass of wine, surfing my laptop (free WiFi) while a Jazz band plays 30-40 feet away.We saw many other hotels in this area, and I can't think of a better place to stay. The location is really the best. You can walk anywhere. There are great restaurants nearby (try Le Christine just 200 feet away).Fantastic place to stay. Can't see how anybody, even if you have crazy extravagant tastes, would be disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>danthephotoman
<Content>Perfect Paris Hotel       Rue Dauphine from our room  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Loves_Family_Trips
<Content>This place is special It is always a hard task to find 'the perfect' accommodation in any city. I have finally found it in Paris. I have just returned from staying at D'Aubusson Hotel for 3 nights, then returned for another 2 nights.Location: The Hotel is located on Rue Dauphine, just a short stroll from Pont Neuf in one direction and the famous Rue De Buci with its fabulous cafes, fruit market, patisseries etc in the other. If you are arriving from CDG Aiport, just catch the RER train to St Michel and it is a short walk or an even shorter taxi ride for E5.00.Staff: Could not have been better. So welcoming, friendly and attentive. I was booked to stay at another hotel for my last 2 nights but changed back to this hotel as it really felt like home to me. I was travelling on my own so I felt safe and close to everything. Jon and Coralie were paticulary helpful during my stay.Rooms: Lovely and clean. Not huge but still an adequate size. Fresh flowers are left in the room and they even left a bottle of champagne!!It is a four star property with 4 star prices but with 5 star service.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>i_luv_stj
<Content>Great Hotel in Great Location Stayed for a week in the Hotel d'Aubusson at the beginning of September and just loved it. The location is great - on a nice quiet street, but just a few blocks off of the happening St Michel/ St Germain area. There is a large market nearby for supplies, and even a laundromat down the street if you need it like we did after a month on the road.The staff was very friendly and accommodating, checking us in early with no fuss. The hotel has a beautiful small courtyard ideal for breakfast or a drink, as well as a beautiful dining area and bar/jazz club.Everything is near by - every type of restaurant from Joel Rubichon (L'Atelier) to late night crepe shops, good shopping, wine shops, etc. Major tourist sites are a short walk (Louvre, Pont Neuf, Hotel de Ville) or quick subway ride away. This is the perfect location to base your stay in Paris.We did not take breakfast since there were so many cafes near by, but did hear another couple raving about it.We stayed at another Paris hotel later in our stay in France and realized how great the location was for us at the Hotel d'Aubusson when compared to the other place we stayed. We would definitely stay there again and recommend it highly.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>ksag
<Content>A boutique hotel beyond compare My husband and I stayed for 2 weeks at Hotel d'Aubusson this month. It was our first trip to Paris; indeed, to Europe. From the point we booked the hotel via emails, it has been the most wonderful experience. The entire staff was a dream: accommodations for restaurants, travel arrangements to/from the airport, suggestions of walking tours, and always friendly, professional service. The hotel is beautiful and it is located in the center of Paris. For future visits to Paris, we intend to only stay at Hotel d'Aubusson.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jenniferanne
<Content>An absolute delight!! This hotel was meant to be, after our first choice hotel in St Germain de Pres was fully booked, I decided to hit trip advisor and do my homework for another hotel. Couldn't pick fault if we tried, an absolute delight, fantastic location. Lovely rooms, nicely decorated and plenty of room ( for Paris). Large size bathroom. We received a very good rate inclusive many extras.The staff were more than helpful and obliged in every way. Breakfast abolutely delicious, freshly prepared and presented.The sitting area and paved courtyard was tranquil and an ideal place for a drink or a coffee.This is now our first choice of hotel for Paris, you couldn't ask for anything more.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beth06
<Content>boutique bliss in paris My family of four stayed at the D'Aubusson in a duplex room for 3 perfect nights!! We were greeted by the ever charming Laurent who made us feel so welcome!! The room was perfect for our 2 kids who had the downstairs and we had the upstairs room. The bathroom was large and beautiful! But the BEST part of the hotel was the concierge service provided by Laurent and Jean. Both gave us the best recommendations for restaurants, walking tours, cafes, and just their professionalism and charm were fantastic!!! If you are planning a trip to Paris, St Germain des Pres and the Hotel D'Aubusson are the perfect combination!!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>divefan
<Content>Nice left bank location This is in a great location on the left bank right near the Seine. You can walk to the Louvre and Notre Dame. The nearest metro stop (St. Michel), is a few blocks away, but not bad. The rooms were a bit small, but I've heard that's just the way it is in Paris. The bathroom was nice and had a great bathtub, for those who appreciate such things. The bar is is nice and had a great jazz combo.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>RobertKaren
<Content>Great hotel and very central We stayed at Hotel d'Aubusson for 9 days in April. The hotel is on Rue Dauphine about 300 metres from the Seine at Pont Neuf. Our room was spacious with a turndown service every night. Bathroom was large and the toiletries were of great quality.We had the usual leaking shower but we have encountered that in 9 out of 10 hotels in Europe.Walking distance to Rue St Michelle, some great restaurants and various metro stations.The staff were very helpful and polite. Breakfast (not included in the price) was not bad but we ended up at some patisserie most mornings.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>arjm2005
<Content>Perfect location The hotel is in an excellent location on the left bank just a block from Pont Neuf to the north and Bucy market/St. Germain blvd to the south. We walked everywhere! The staff were fluent in English and very friendly and helpful. The rooms were small by North American standards but faily typical by European and the bathrooms large. The room was very clean. The street is not terribly busy and the double windows make the rooms very quiet. Nearly every night there was a little gift left in our room - a half bottle of champagne, macaroons, etc. We had booked on the summer special which we found quite economical as it included a one way ride to the airport in a lovely Mercedes, tickets to the Louvre and a river cruise. This also included a buffet breakfeast which was very extensive (pasteries, eggs, bacon, cereal, cafe au lait). We were travelling with a 5 month old baby and the staff was very accomodating.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	-1	5	3	

<Author>LifeisGOOD58
<Content>Perfect in Paris It was our second time staying at the D'Aubusson. It's the perfect hotel for us in Paris - great location, excellent service and comfortable rooms. The hotel is incredibly charming, but has all the amenities you need. For us, there is no reason to try any other hotel in Paris.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CaliforniaTripster
<Content>A real gem. Hotel D'Aubusson is in a wonderful location -- near Pont Neuf and within walking distance of many Parisian sights and near a trove of great bistros and cafes. What distinguishes the Hotel is the great staff. Vivi at the front desk recommended a number of restaurants that we found to be outstanding. Other staff were helpful with directions and transportation needs. The Hotel is very cozy. On one cool evening, they had a fire in the fireplace in the salon. The breakfast, which is included, is a delicious and ample buffet. The bar had a jazz band one evening and it was very lively. D'Aubusson might not be for everyone -- it is in a very busy area, somewhat youngish, with a lot going on. However, we found the activity energizing and the convenience of really delicious bistros hard to beat. We have stayed on previous trips at the Bristol and the Plaza Athene and we regard the D'Aubusson as a great place to stay. Happy trails!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LemonGingerRose
<Content>A wonderful place to stay! My son and I stayed at this hotel on the left bank for a week during his spring break from school. We felt as though we had found the secret to a wonderful, comfortable, and friendly stay in Paris. This hotel has a first class location just over a block from the Pont Neuf on Rue Dauphine, within easy walking distance to the Louvre, Saint Chappelle, Notre Dame and, in the other direction, the main shopping district of St. Germain du Pres and the Luxembourg Gardens. The nearby Metro stop is convenient, just one stop away from Musee d'Orsay (though the Musee d'Orsay also is an easy 10-15 minute walk) and, best of all, is on the main line for the train to Versailles (we went twice). On a sunny day, we walked all the way up to the end of the Champs Elysee and the Arc de Triomphe but it was a bit of a hike. Our rooms, which were the smaller, less expensive rooms on the front side facing the street, were clean, comfortable, cozy and quiet with pristine baths, plenty of hot water and fluffy towels. Each room had a working desk, a sofa or easy chair and a tv with BBC and CNN as the English channels. The front desk is incredibly helpful, particularly with dinner reservations and tips on where to go and we found the service to be first rate -- from the front desk to the breakfast room, housekeeping and the bar. The breakfast is just wonderful and while it seemed expensive given the fall of the dollar, it really is a great value for the price (eggs, oatmeal, fresh fruit, croissants, pastries, etc.). Good coffee and hot chocolate too. There are a number of terrific restaurants within easy walking distance - we especially liked Les Bouquinistes which is a Guy Savoy restaurant 2 blocks away toward the Seine and a cafe called Cafe Atlas about 2 blocks in the other direction. The hotel has a jazz concert in the bar every afternoon and there is internet access from a computer in the bar and another computer off a nook toward the back. An altogether pleasant and thoroughly satisfactory stay.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LuvMyPug2008
<Content>Wonderful Experience!! My husband and I stayed for 5 nights and we had a wonderful time at the hotel. The front desk was very helpful, the location of the hotel was perfect (close to the river and Rue Buci where there is a lot going on at night) and we enjoyed the quaint feel in the lounge/bar area. We absolutely adored the decor of our room as well as enjoyed the central courtyard for a mid afternoon glass of champagne. We will definitely be back!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>mpwineca
<Content>A perfect hotel in the best location in Paris Outstanding in every respect. I made arrangements with the concierge in advance of arrival for some champagne and flowers in the room for my wife's birthday. The instructions were carried out perfectly and to great effect!Room was beautiful and the bath was large and beautifully appointed.The d'Aubusson is in a perfect Left Bank location that is also near the Louvre and other popular Right Bank sights.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AleksinToronto
<Content>The Jewel of Paris As a seasoned traveler to five star hotels in Europe and beyond, I was mesmerized by this little jewel in St Germain during my partner's and my 5 night stay there in late May/early June. From the moment I contacted the hotel from Toronto to make various travel and dinner arrangements to the time that we left the property's doors, we were treated with the just the right balance of warmth and professionalism that all 4 and 5 star properties aspire to but so rarely achieve. To be sure, you could rest your head at Le Meurice or Plaza Athen茅e and have every luxury at your disposal, but will every single member of staff greet you by name and tailor their service to your evey whim? Will a bottle of champagne with a hand-written concierge letter of genuine disappointment be waiting for you when a 3 Michelin star restaurant drops your dinner rsvp last-minute even though it is of no fault of the hotel whatsoever? And will your prized hotel have front desk personnel like Enzo, Jean, Audrey, and Frederic who will put various entertainment and dining options at your disposal without even asking? (As an example, my partner and I returned from dinner one night to be informed that, knowing we were often out late at night and probably interested in Paris's night scene, Jean had gone ahead and contacted some friends who owned one of the city's most luminous bars and that everything had been taken care of). And this is just about the service. The rooms themselves are a seamless mix of new and old: history abounds everywhere in this boutique jewel from the exposed beam chambres to the jazz bar frequented by some of Paris's greatest thinkers for more than two centuries; and yet when you're bathing in Hermes products and enjoying high definition television, it's hard to remember at times that you're away from home. The enchanting private courtyard flowing from the lobby spills into a stunning, original fireplaced family room adorned with accoutrements that remain true to the hotel's storied history wihout feeling stuffy. You can sense eveywhere you look in this property, and in everything you touch, that great thought and love has been put foward to making this the jewel of Paris.Rest assured, even if you're not choosing to rest your head and your spirit at the d'Aubusson on your next trip to Paris, I certainly will be.-Aleks in Toronto  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Paris1scarf
<Content>wonderful room in great location Just returned from another great trip to France, spending last night in Paris, awaiting flight. The Hotel dAubusson was a perfect venue for this last day/night. Located in an old building in St. Germain, near river, museums, food, etc., this easy to miss small hotel has a charming lobby, friendly staff, small bar that has live jazz, or a quiet salon for your computing or drinks. Our deluxe room was quiet and spacious, with a very comfortable bed. The bath was modern, appeared newly renovated, and provided Hermes soap and products. The staff recommended great lunch and dinner suggestions. Try the Vagenade Bistro on St. Germain (roast chicken is fabulous) or the Marinara wood oven pizza/ fresh pasta restaurant that was filled with locals!  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tramac
<Content>Great location, every detail is perfect Our family stayed in the Hotel D'Aubusson in May 2008. The location is terrific, just a block off the Seine and just a block to a selection of terrific restaurants for dinner and patisseries for a nice morning sweet.I chose the hotel based on reviews on TA. I contacted them directly with several quesitons, as I have a person in a wheelchair, so I had specific needs. They were extremely responsive via email. Once I booked the hotel, I found out a family member stayed there a few years ago and loved it. So, I had High expectations. Once we arrived, every detail in the hotel was perfect. The rooms were very spacious and very clean. The entire staff truely made us feel welcome and were very attentive. The hotel offers every service one might need. Little details, like a small treat left most every evening for us - champaign, macaroons, etc was an unexpected treat. The hotel lobby, bar and living room area were also very nice and welcoming.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Me_Too_As_Well
<Content>Fantastic Hotel My wife and I stayed here for four nights in October 2006, having picked the hotel from a 'Top 10' Paris guide.We booked directly through the hotel website, and opted for their 'Romance' package (I need all the help I can get . . . !). That came with a pick-up from the station, a bottle of champagne and a dozen red roses on arrival, two free tickets for a Seine cruise, two free passes for the Louvre, and a champagne lunch. The hotel is absolutely fantastic - very friendly staff, great service, perfect buffet breakfast, a lovely sitting room with log fire in the evening, and very comfortable rooms. It offers the perfect location to explore the city by metro or on foot.We'll definitely to stay at the Hotel d'Aubusson when we visit Paris in future.(p.s. worth eating at Brasserie Bofingers and L'Epi Dupin - the hotel will book for you!)  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>NewJerseyWanderlust
<Content>A Winning Hotel on the Left Bank With the value of the dollar falling and my taste in hotels being 5- star, I decided to find a boutique hotel on the left bank with a good package. After a thorough investigation, I booked the honeymoon package at the Hotel d'Aubusson for 6 nights with my husband. We laughed at the name of the package, as we've been married for 37 years, but this could indeed be suited for honeymooners.Everything was terrific. Included for 400 Euros a night was a personal driver who picked us up at the airport. After waiting just 10 minutes upon arrival at 10 a.m., we were brought to a spacious luxury room where a dozen roses were sitting on the coffee table. The flowers stayed in bloom for our complete stay.We were given a buffet breakfast each day set in a beautiful room with old beamed ceilings. Other perks were small gifts left for us each day in our room including a split of champagne, luggage tags, a fabulous gourmet champagne lunch, admission to a museum and tickets for the Baton Mouche. There might have been more but I can't remember.The best part about the hotel was it's location. We walked everywhere. We were surrounded by excellent bistros, good shopping and nearby musuems and sightseeing. We especially enjoyed Paris Walks, a company that gives daily walking tours. You can find them at www.---.com.The staff couldn't have been more helpful. They made dinner reservations upon our request, and we truly enjoyed both of Guy Savoy's baby bistros, Les Bouquinistes which was just around the corner and Atelier Maitre Albert which was a quick 10-minlute walk from the hotel. Both restaurants had waiters who spoke fluent English, and the menus were translated although they were filled with Parisians. Friends of ours stayed around the corner from us at Relais Christine and thought our hotel was much prettier and a better deal. We will be back.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>doly
<Content>I Should Definately Stay There Again We stayed at Hotel d' Aubusson for 3 nights. We were very pleased that we chose this hotel. The staff was extremely helpfull they made for us everything we needed, like airplane e-ticketing confirmation and restaurant reservation. The quality of the products at breakfast was very selective. The hotel ambiance is very relaxing, in general. Its position its literally close to everything.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jeanniedc
<Content>Loved the d'Aubusson!! I just returned from 3 wonderful nights at this hotel, which I had also stayed at about 2 years ago. There are so many great things about the d'Aubusson. First is the location; absolutely perfect. Can walk everywhere, easy access to Right bank across Pont Neuf, and of course many parts of Left Bank. Very lively and safe area (I was with my 14 year old daughter; husband not with us this time). Other assets: room size is large for Paris, bathroom very nice, large with good space to put everything. We had a package that included breakfast. I wouldn't have gotten this on a longer trip or in the warm weather when we could eat outside at a cafe (and it's fun to try different ones) , but it was very convenient for our brief winter trip. The breakfast was awesome with fabulous service!! Other nice feature of hotel: the front desk staff is wonderful. Always friendly, and allowed me to speak to them in French without speaking back to me in English! They made all our dinner reservations in advance by e-mail. If I had any complaints, it was just one thing: I had asked for a quiet courtyard room so as to avoid the sound of the jazz band on the weekends. Unfortunately, we were put in a street-view room that was above the Cafe Laurent where the band was. Even though we were on the third floor, we could still hear the music. Thankfully, my very good earplugs helped so I did not ask to change rooms. I would recommend this hotel highly. It's not cheap, but it makes for a wonderful experience in Paris.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chetravelers
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! Wonderful Location! We stayed at the d'Aubusson for our honeymoon based on reviews on TripAdvisor and we were not disappointed. The hotel was charming. Our room had high ceilings with wood beams, a very comfortable bed with a fluffy duvet, and a spacious, clean bathroom. The service was wonderful from the housekeeping staff who not only turned down our bed but put out slippers for us each night, to the front desk who were helpful and friendly. The breakfast was a full meal that was graciously served. The hotel is situated just a few blocks from Blvd. St. Germain and near the Pont Neuf bridge - just across the Seine from the Louvre. We would defintitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>heysarahbeth
<Content>Definitely Recommend!       Entryway to the hotel  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Nonrevpej
<Content>Great Hotel, service and location Wonderful room, great hotel staff service, very nice breakfast, and super quiet location. We would definitely go back.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>John-Draper
<Content>Lovely hotel, superb service This hotel is in an ideal location off the Boulevard Saint Germain. We stayed for a long weekend. Our room was quiet, had huge oak beams, and was quite large for Paris, with a king-size bed. Luxury bathroom with Hermes soaps etc. The service was very friendly and really excellent (a birthday card on my birthday!). Breakfast in the restaurant is expensive and not outstanding, but there are lots of good cafe's close by. Room service breakfast is better value.The hotel is within walking distance of the Louvre, Musee D'Orsay (they got tickets for us so we avoided queueing), Luxembourg Gardens, and close to several excellent restaurants. It is quite pricey but this is justified by the quality of the service, the rooms and the location. Highly recommended, you really won't be disappointed. We've stayed in other highly-rated Paris hotels but this is the best so far. We'll definitely use it again.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Vitina
<Content>Feels like home My friends and I just spent 7 days shopping in Paris and loved staying at this cozy hotel. It was my forth time and I will be going back again. The bar and jazz at night made it special and the breakfast is also great.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>millerbjohn
<Content>A special visit We decided to make a short visit to France and splurge a bit. We found the hotel d'Aubusson on the Internet and were intrigued by the fact that they had jazz in their lounge. What a good choice! Not only was the music terrific but the entire experience exceeded our expectations, The location is excellent, the room and ambiance are total quality, and the entire personnel treated us like we were their special friends. A bit pricey and well worth it.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Esther32
<Content>Perfect Location We stayed at this hotel for one week in late October 2007. We chose it due to the excellent reviews we have read but mostly for the location. It was two blocks from the Seine and Pont Neuf.Therefore, we could easily walk to the Louvre, Notre Dame, San Chapelle, The Orangerie, The Cluny and many other sites on our list. The Odeon metro stations was a 4 minute walk. The room had wifi (not free) which we needed for our business.Before we arrived we had contacted the concierge to make a few dinner reservations for us which went perfectly. While there, the staff was helpful when we needed them. We did not buy the breakfast package as we preferred to do it the Parisian way and start at a cafe every day. The only strange thing was that housekeeping showed up at about 10pm each night for turn down service which was not convenient but hardly anything to complain about. The rooms were pretty and very clean. I would recommend this place. Do not expect to get into your room one minute before check in time. Jet lagged or not, it was made clear to us that this would not happen. Though we landed at 7am, we gained at access to the room at 3 pm. So, plan your first day with that in mind.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>Travelbugtoo
<Content>Warm, friendly, wonderful! We stayed at this hotel for five nights! It is a very friendly place with wonderful staff. You feel like old friends from the moment you are met at the airport! We had the 'romance package' which included the pickup service, a lovely room (we were upgraded to a loft suite), breakfast, special treats, tickets to the Louvre, Champagne lunch, a boat ride down the Seine etc etc etc. We had a wonderful stay and highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>seery1
<Content>Small Gem in the Center of Paris My daughter and I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights in October. We stayed in the Edith Piaf suite. THe best deal on the hotel webite was the romance package. It included transport from the airport, breakfast, champagne and flowers and tickets to several Paris locals. For the price and location this place can't be beat. It is near almostevery major attraction, yet in a quiet neighborhood. Staff very friendly. We have stayed in other Paris hotels, and this has been our favorite so far. Tres Bien.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>CM601
<Content>No Disappointments - Very Satisfied My wife and I just returned from 5 days in Paris. The hotel is one half block from the Pont Neuf bridge on the Seine. Lots of close by cafe's, bistro's, pasterie's, shops etc. We ate breakfast at Chez Paul's, a 5 minute walk for a great breakfast and less $$ than the hotel. We stayed in a standard room which was small but adequite, which had a small desk, night stands, TV stand and chair, nice bathroom. The Hotel is very clean, not worn, service is excellent, hotel staff is very friendly and helpful. A nice fruit gift was in our room every evening when we returned. We would stay again, if we were to go back to Paris. Although this has nothing to do with the hotel you should be advised....One leason learned with the Taxi's... if you hale a cab the meter starts when you get in, but, if a taxi is called for you, the meter starts from where ever the taxi begins his trip to pick you up. Thinking the taxi driver was a rip-off, this policy was later confirmed with the hotel staff. Seemed like most popular places in town were around a $6 eur taxi (haled) ride from the hotel. Use the Metro when possible about 10 minute walk to St. Michael Metro and the RER..  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AndySydneyAustralia
<Content>Hermes bath products aren't quite enough! We stayed at this hotel in August 2007 and although very well situated it was really overly expensive for what it offered.We booked a superior, luxury room but it turned out to be very small (not even enough room for our bags). Hot water was also in short supply, especially in the afternoon, I did not manage to have a nice hot bath in 5 days! The downstairs decoration in very plesant but we just never got around to using it. Overall this hotel is simply over priced for what it offers in terms of comfort.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Aypril
<Content>Adored Hotel d'Aubusson I stayed at Hotel d'Aubusson on my first trip to Paris in early September, 2007. I was there for almost two weeks and was extremely happy that I chose this charming, first rate hotel.All of the staff were exceptionally polite and helpful. I cannot remember any service I have experienced anywhere that was better than theirs. After I'd spoken with some of the staff more than once or twice, they had big smiles for me thereafter, something the French don't usually produce for total strangers.I had a superior room that I thought was very large by French standards for one person. I didn't book any special packages, but they had a lovely, large bouquet of Stargazer lilies in my room when I arrived. Every other night I received a gift in my room when I returned. A split of champagne, a giant brioche in their beautiful navy and gold box, a small fruit basket, a lovely jar of miniature pears in syrup, and eventually, a three drawer box of chocolates and other lovely candies. I don't know if they do this for guests who stay longer than a few days or what, but it was a wonderful surprise.I had planned my own itinerary, so I didn't need to bother the staff too much, but when I had a question, they were unfailingly polite and helpful. My room was always clean. And every night in addition to the candied orange bonbons and Good Night card they leave for everyone (in memory of Robespierre who often visited their establishment in the 1700s and ate oranges when they were a new fruit for France), they also leave another card with the name of the person who cleaned your room and the weather forcast for the next day. That forecast came in handy for me.My room was on the third floor in the corner, which is directly above the Cafe Laurent. I did notice some noise the first night, which was a Saturday, but I was eventually able to sleep anyway. After that weekend, I didn't notice any noise.The location is terrific for sightseeing and shopping. I was five minutes away from the Pont Neuf and Notre Dame, a great cheese shop, great bakery (one of many in the area), a well stocked little market, several good cafes and a ten minute walk from Patrick Roget's chocolate shop on the Boulevard Saint-Germain. It was about a 20 to 30 minute walk to the Louvre and the Musee D'Orsay.I had room service a few times (their pizza was excellent!) but did not eat other meals at the hotel. Their dining room, the eating area in the cafe and their beautful courtyard all seemed lovely to me. As a single woman traveling alone, I liked that the street was somewhat busy, but not overly so. The Relais Christine just down a side street was a little too isolated for me to have felt comfortable walking down their street at night--even if it was safe. The Rue de Buci, just down the street and around the corner was great for eating and people watching, but much busier day and night.If I ever have a chance to go back to Paris, I would want to return to Hotel d'Aubusson. It's a great little boutique hotel in a great location with a superior staff and it already feels like home to me.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hopkinz
<Content>Excellent stay at the Hotel D'Aubusson! My husband, 6 year old daughter and I stayed at the Hotel d'Aubusson July 1-5. A good friend stayed here during the winter and raved about the hotel and the service. We booked the Romance Package (not much romance with our 6 year old in tow) and it was worth every euro. Our stay in a deluxe room included a private transfer from the airport, roses and champagne in the room, tickets to the Louvre, breakfast each day, a bateau mouche ride, tickets to a concert and a delicious champagne lunch with foie gras. We considered staying on the Right Bank as we've done in the past, but we would have gotten much less for the same price.Our room was spacious by Paris standards. At first, I was disappointed that we didn't have one of the exposed beamed rooms they show on their website, but it turned out to not be a big deal. The rooms are super-soundproofed from street noise. We all slept very soundly. Since we weren't there over the weekend, I can't comment on the noise from the jazz band that plays in the lounge. The Hermes toiletries are a nice touch. Housekeeping did a great job cleaning our room and replenished all our toiletries daily.The staff is unfailingly polite and helpful. We asked for recommendations multiple nights for places to go for dinner and were never disappointed. We particularly liked the restaurant Aux Charpentiers, which is walking distance from the hotel. The neighborhood is wonderful and close to everything. There are lots of restaurants to choose from and great shopping (a wonderful children's clothing store is on the Rue Dauphine across the street from the hotel called Bois de Rose and you can walk to Pierre Herme on Rue Bonaparte). You can't go wrong by staying at the Hotel d'Aubusson.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SCaron42
<Content>Fantastic boutique hotel in best area This was a wonderful hotel in every way. The staff was so acccommodating, and the hotel had 50% American tourists, not sure if that is a positive or a negative! The breakfast was amazing and served until 11:30 a.m. eggs, 5 breads, pastries, cheeses, French yogurts, fruits, cooked spinach, etc. This was a big plus for us in the a.m. There is a beautiful garden, that is covered in bad weather, where we had drinks before going out in the evening. The bar at Cafe Laurent was so lovely and comfortable, beautiful jazz music until midnight. A nice nightcap after our late nights in Paris. The manager, Flavien and bartender Arnod were wonderful and everyone speaks English good enough. The French appreciate it if you TRY to speak French, you are in France! The rooms were very comfortable, nice size bathroom for European standards, comfy bed, great treats in the room, flat screen tv (boring CNN, don't bother). dvd rentals if you are that boring and want to watch a movie in your room. The location is amazing. We walked everywhere. No need for a taxi. Our favorite restaurant is on the side street, which we could see from our room window on Rue Christine, called CHEZ FERNAND, serving traditional French cuisine, not pricey, and wonderful service. The French are very polite and everyone offers to help you in the cafes, stores, and hotels. We are New Yorkers, and a bit fussy, this place was a lot of bang for the buck. We loved it and can't wait to go back. What a beautiful city in every way, we highly recommend this lovely hotel, especially for American tourists who are not looking for an American high rise chain hotel. Fabulous place! Thank you!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ArianeDukas
<Content>Don't stay here Thursday through Saturday  Don't stay at Hotel d'Aubusson on Thursday, Friday or Saturday nights unless you really enjoy hearing loud jazz in your room until well past midnight. The hotel's live jazz band resonates at least up through the fourth floor and is painful on the first.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>raleighrambler
<Content>room to breathe The Hotel D'Aubusson beautifuly met our needs on our family's trip to Paris. The staff was gracious and the rooms were spacious. D'Aubusson's rive gauche location is hard to beat for convenience to many great restaurants and sights. We look forward to a return visit!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>spinesrgn
<Content>Good hotel with some flaws Stayed for four nights in June in a Deluxe room. Concierge was very helpful, making dinner reservations for each night via e-mail prior to our stay. Hotel is well maintained and up to four star standards in terms of amenities. Excellent location. We did have a couple of minor problems, however. On our first night (Satuday night I believe) there was live Jazz in the bar on the ground floor. Unfortunately, our first floor room was directly over the bar. The music was so loud that it felt as iff they were perfroming in our room. The performance lasted until 12:30 am despite several calls and visit in my bathrobe to the front desk. It would not have been so bad if we didn't have to wake up at the crack of dawn for our excursion to Normandy. To their benefit, they did send half a bottle of champaign to our room the next day. For some reason, however the bottle and the glasses were gone when we returned the next day.... very odd.Another night, my wife called down for some extra towels, when the front desk person arrived at the door with a single towel and was told we needed two, he became quite upset and nasty.Unfortunately, these two incidents put a bit of a damper on an otherwise pleasant stay.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>MangoChutney
<Content>A Honeymoon paradise This was our honeymoon destination for the first 5 days and nights of our honeymoon. We booked the hotel after reading the reviews here on Tripadvisor and can only say a big thank you to all concerned because the hotel certainly lived up to the reviews. We booked the Romance package (surprise surprise as we were on honeymoon!) and would recommend this to all. We were in a superior room which was quiet, and although not spacious it did have a wonderful bed!!The service was exceptional throughout from the airport pick up in a new Mercedes (worth a lot especially as we were 2 hours late in landing due to a delay!) to the maid service which was exceptional.As part of our package we got free tickets to The Louvre, Seine river trip, Chamber music concerts and a fantastic Champagne dinner. Add on to this the Champagne and roses in the rom on arrival and it made for a great stay. We frequented the bar every evening (drinking mostly Champagne!) and whilst it is not cheap in my opinion it was worth it especially with free Jazz Thurs - Sun.The location is unbeatable and that in itself is worth lots - we walked everywhere - and it is in a lively street setting during the evening with great, well priced restaurants everywhere you looked.Has to be the best value in Paris.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TRAVELSAURORA
<Content>Can't go wrong here Very personable service...as helpful as you could imagine in making reservations at great restaurants ...perfect location....nicely decorated ...quiet...nice piano bar...even helped with a surprise presentation of champagne and chocolates for a celebration...best small hotel I have ever used  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>stacims
<Content>What a wonderful hotel! I booked Hotel d'Aubusson largely because of a very positive review from Frommer's and excellent reviews on this site. I am so glad I did. My husband and I were celebrating our first anniversary and wanted a smaller, boutique hotel on the left bank, and this was absolutely the best choice.First of all, the location can't be beat! There is so much to see and do in the area, and our feet ached because we walked everywhere! Even if you don't walk to walk as much, multiple metro stops are just steps away!. The restaurants around the area are fantastic - we really didn't need to walk more than a few blocks away for most dinners.The room (we booked a Standard room - it was room 402) was nice in size, not nearly as small as some of the rooms in European hotels I've stayed at in the past. It was very quiet even though it was on the main street side of the hotel. The decor was lovely and the bathroom was quite nice. The Hermes toiletries were a fantastic perk! While we did enjoy the room, the reason we loved the hotel so much was because of the staff. Every single person was kind, helpful, and really went above and beyond what was expected. From our e-mail questions before we arrived that we answered so promptly, to the receptionist/concierge going beyond what we'd expect by bringing us up to the room at check in to show it to us, to the reservations made whenever asked, to the map and directions for where we were driving the next day, the staff members did everything we asked them and more. We were so pleased with the level of service received at such a small hotel, and really felt that the staff cared so much about our us and our experience.I would highly recommend this hotel. We are already trying to convince my parents to stay there for their annviersary! The location, rooms, and especially the staff made our trip to Paris such a memorable one!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>23Feb45
<Content>Just Right This hotel is in the perfect location, especially for the touristy traveler. Nothing is too far away. The staff is very friendly and speak excellent english. The breakfast buffet is the closest thing to an American breakfast on the Left Bank. Even after I read this hotel's excellent reviews, it still exceeded my expectations.The very friendly front desk staff made excellent dinner recommendations and on one occassion even accompanied me to the nearby restaurant! Don't expect a room with a view, and the hotel is on a fairly busy street, but they do have live jazz nightly.If you're looking for a great place to stay on the happening Left Bank, this should be your choice - you won't regret it.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>M.Eleanor
<Content>Perfect location, almost perfect hotel My husband and I just returned from a 5 day stay with the Romance package. The hotel is perfectly situated within walking / metro distance from everything in Paris. I was a student in Paris 10 years ago, so I knew St. Germain was the ideal central location. If you can afford it, go for the Romance package. While I did not visit any of the standard rooms, when posts say the room with the romance package is big, that is by European standards. If one were paying $500 per night in the US, the square footage would certainly be doubled at the least. Regardless, the room looks exactly as pictured on the web site (though if my husband and I were given twin beds for the Romance package, as a previous post mentioned, I would have not been pleased -- good sleep with the Romance package?)The Hermes toiletries are truly fabulous. The shower / bathroom lovely, and the fresh flowers just perfect. The staff does a wonderful turndown, leaving little treats each evening (candies, pears, etc.), along with the forecast. The staff is delightful, helpful and multilingual. The airport pickup (or train station, in our case) was such a welcome relief to the planning process. Our champagne lunch in the courtyard was among our best lunch experiences in Paris.Other than the price, which one should expect for a European trip appeasing our American appetite for comfort (a/c, big rooms, etc), the main negatives at the hotel are truly minor. Those being: our room (210) was right by the kitchen. We are not early risers, so each morning, were were awakened by the sound of clattering dishes and the breakfast staff. Bottled water in the room is nearly 5 euro for .75 liters of Evian. (Though I probably would have dismissed this, except the hotel we just left in Amsterdam provided bottled water free of charge.) Also, the hotel bar is ridiculously expensive. 14 euro for a glass of champage? Nearly 18 euro for an after dinner coffee drink? It would be more appropriate to perhaps offer a discount to guests, plus, when the music begins, all tabs are subject to an additional charge. The dvd rental is also not free. These are 9 euro, and one has to go down to the desk to rent the dvd, or request room service (requiring a tip), so that's 15 USD. In all, the negatives are truly minior nit-picky things. We would still, most likely return to the hotel because of the location. And I would probably book the romance package again, as it is a better rate for the room category than what is published as the stand rate, yet it includes so much.It truly was a nice hotel with a fantastic staff, in an even better location. The difference, for me, between a four and five star rating rests with the details.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>PetChoice
<Content>Great location, hotel needs some modernizing We just spent 4 nights at the Hotel D'Aubusson. It is in a fantastic location in the middle of St. Germain, and the rooms themselves are very quiet due to double windows. Breakfast is super - served in a gorgeous old, tapestry lined room on the ground floor. Staff are very friendly and multi-lingual.I did a lot of research choosing a small, left-bank hotel, and unfortunately was a little disappointed by the D'Aubusson. Not that it was terrible in any way, but it just lacked the flair and attention to detail that some other small European city hotels have - notably the Widder Hotel in Zurich. This was most easily seen in the barely functional bathroom fixtures - shower fixtures barely worked in both of our rooms, sinks had minimal water pressure. I got the feeling that the fixtures haven't been really looked at, and certainly not replaced, since the hotel opened several decades ago.Not fatal flaws by any means, and the friendliness and terrific location make the hotel a decent choice. I just think that the next time we visit Paris we'll try the Relais Christine (a hundred feet away) as a Parisian friend said it was better than the D'Aubusson. From the outside it certainly looks more charming.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>longboard
<Content>it was ok, but not for the price The hotel is in a good location, but not great, staff was good but not 5 star level, rooms were clean and large, beds were very average. They provided a couple free laptops in the lobby which was nice, they had a nice bar but it was very pricey. We were there 7 nights and got a free fruit basket and jar of olives, no champagne. It was a very good boutique hotel but seemed over priced, and hard to figure how this is the #1 hotel in Paris. Its not a bad place, but not spectacular. We stayed in 2 hotels in Paris, both were similar but the d'Aubusson was much more expensive.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>meyers720
<Content>It was awesome I stayed here in June and would recommend it to anyone!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KateATL
<Content>Loved Hotel d'Aubusson Stayed at the d'Aubusson June 1-4 this summer and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The front desk service was friendly and efficient and multi-lingual. The hotel easily accomodated our early arrival (10AM)and even upgraded our room unexpectedly. That always gets a vacation off to a great start!The room was beautiful and spacious. Our porter brought us up, showed us how to use the lights and key card. The key card to get into the room actually isn't on the door and you also need to use it to activate the lights in the room so I am glad I paid attention!!! :) The room was welcoming and lacked for nothing. Flat screen television, beautiful furnishings, flowers on the table awaiting me from the hubby--(so they took care of all of that before my SIL and I arrived and must have upgraded us then, not sure why but we'll take it!!!). One entire wall off the bathroom but out of the bedroom area is dedicated to closet space and there is more than you can possibly use. Safe was simple to use.The bathroom was very large and well -appointed and behled a large window you could open and overlook the cobble stone street below. Hermes toiletries. The only thing I didn't particularly like was the shower--it was one of those hand held thingys that even when you get it to stay in the shower holder it doesn't really give a great spray of water. Whatever, certainly nothing to truly complain about, just mentioning it for those to whom it means something.Great bar at this hotel--drinks are extremely expensive (13 Euro and up) but the jazz and ambiance of the place more than made up for it in my mind. They play jazz here Fri/Sat nights and the place is PACKED. And a whole lot of fun on top of it. Hotel is close to a ton of cafes and restaurants--variety is not lacking in this location. You can walk to Notre Dame, Saint Chappel, St. Michel, you cross over Pont Neuf and to the Louvre is a lovely walk away. The Odeon Metro stop is a simple walk--just get the concierge to show you the short cut (a beautiful cobblestone street shortcut to St. Germain street) and you are there in under five minutes walk. Highly recommend this hotel. The people who work here are friendly--ran into one of the gents fromt he front desk at a cafe down the street coming back one night. He came over to me, introduced himself (I didn't recognize him out of uniform) and chatted with me for just a few minutes. Asked if we'd found the shortcut to the Metro and inquired how our day had gone so far. I was impressed he even remembered. He checked us out of the hotel on our last day and just left such a pleasant impression. Highly recommend the d'Aubusson.Kate  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MichelleD_31
<Content>Loved this hotel! My husband and I were here for the first week of March this year and after MUCH research utilizing this site and others, I booked this hotel. What a treat! We booked the Romance package which included an airport transfer (via Mercedes), tickets to the Louvre, and several other perks! We were upgraded 2 levels to a suite room on the top floor upon check-in and were so pleased with the room, the treats that were left for us each day in our room, the fabulous housekeeping and Hermes toiletries, the wonderful included breakfast, and the giant fireplace in the parlor that was always lit and so warm and inviting. The hotel also had a great bar with a live jazz band Thurs.-Sat. and a beautiful outside courtyard. The service was impeccable throughout the hotel.Location - not to be beat! Hotel d'Aubusson is located within a fabulous labrynth of left bank streets. Two blocks from Point Neuf, Notre Dame, walking distance to everywhere (including the Louvre). Lots of great restaurants, cafe's, museums and shops all around the corner. Stay here if you get a chance! You will not be disappointed!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>knoxvillegranny
<Content>great staff, great location My granddaughters and I went for seven days of Spring Break. The Winter Package allowed us to enjoy Paris despite cold rainy weather. GREAT hotel especially for a triple room. The staff all helped make our stay truly outstanding. Their recommendations for restaurants were terrific. We want to go back again.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Upperwestsider
<Content>Magnifique Located two blocks from Pont Neuf and the Seine, Hotel D'Aubusson is Paris -- lovely, quiet, and tres elegant. The staff are warm and extremely helpful, guiding us to excellent area restaurants that were not too touristy, and helping set up a mini-van tour to Giverney, where the flowers were in full bloom ( a side trip well worth taking during the spring). Our room, while expensive, was worth the money. It was spacious by European standards, exceptionally well maintained and clean, and very comfortable. In the evenings, small groups gathered to listen to live jazz in the bar. Free internet connection is also available. The area is terrific, in every direction there's everything you could ask for - museums, cafes, shopping, markets, Ile de la Cite, the Louvre, the Seine, Jardin du Luxembourg, just to name a few. We can't wait to return to Paris and stay at this exceptional hotel.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RomyNJ
<Content>Hotel d"Aubusson is the greatest... I just returned from a 9 day stay at the Hotel dAbusson in Paris and all I can say is it was marvelous. Its location in the Left bank was just perfect...the service we received was wonderful. The front desk staff was incredible helping us out in every way they could as we negotiated through our everyday adventures in Paris. Their help and recommendations were right on!!! The accomodations were better than we anticipated -- tastefully decorated, roomy (3 in the room) beds were very comfortable, hairdryer, a safe, and the bathroom was quite roomy and modern. We just loved the room service and the lovely everyday welcome touch of flowers, chocolates, candies, etc. Breakfast was good and plentiful and the parlors to relax were like being at home. The bar and jazz on the weekends was great!I would come again.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>itchyfootAustin
<Content>Best Hotel in Paris We had the pleasure to stay at the D'Aubusson in mid May to celebrate our 40th wedding anniversary. It could not have been a more memorable experience. The facilities were great and the entire staff was delightful! We went on an overnight trip to Normandy and when we returned, I felt like I was coming home. Too bad we had only that night left of our memorable trip to Paris.We found several places to eat on the side street Rue Christine and if we needed something else the staff was more than happy to suggest something.We look forward to an excuse to go back to Paris so we can enjoy this hotel again.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Trumphodge
<Content>A Gem in the 6th Arr We have always stayed at the Angleterre on Rue Jacob when visiting Paris, but had been disappointed the last time. So I looked for other options in the same area and read about the d'Aubusson on this website. The reviews were not wrong--the d'Aubusson is a gem. We booked the Romance package and it delivered in a special way every day of our stay. We were in room 306, with twin beds (best for vacation sleep, I think). Quiet, of good size for Paris, great bathroom, wonderful linens. The staff are so friendly and helpful. The breakfast is wonderful. The champagne lunch, welcome champagne, roses, were wonderful. We took the river cruise but didn't go to the concert--although the choices were interesting. We always buy a museum pass in Paris, so didn't need the Louvre tickets, but decided to give them away to some young couple at the door. How fun to learn that the couple I approached were on their honeymoon! Oh, and the airport pickup was wonderful. And so was the jazz in the Cafe Laurent. You can hear it slightly in the room but it never went late. The package isn't cheap but it really delivers value. We would definitely return there. We recommend for dinner: Le Petit Zinc over by St Germain and the Sushi House down the block from the hotel. We got more delicious sushi than we could eat (plus salad and miso) and sake for 44 euros. Who says it's expensive to eat in Paris?  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SkiScuba
<Content>Hotel d'Aubusson Absolutely Charming I just returned yesterday from a 9-night birthday stay with two girlfriends at the Hotel d'Aubusson, and it could not have been lovlier. The accommodations are beautiful, and they take great care to details . . . beautiful flower arrangements, candlight in the courtyard, flowers in the room, and a surprise gift in the room each night . . . I felt like I was staying in someone's home. The staff at the front desk were very accommodating and friendly. Jean, Verni, and the others were very helpful with making restaurant recommendations and reservations, calling for taxis and assisting with day-trip suggestions and plans. Jazz at night was entertaining, and the breakfast in the dining room was extremely relaxing and quite delicious. The hotel is in a perfect location on the left bank allowing for easy walking access to everything. If you want to stay on the left bank, this boutique hotel is quite a charmer.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cdloser
<Content>*priceless* just like the ad We stayed April 13-17, 2007My daughter and I went to Paris for our birthday treats. Based on the reviews we booked at the d'Aubusson. What an absolute delight. We stayed in Room 114 and they gave us the 'Romance Package'. We had a beautiful boquet of roses on our arrival, sweets and fresh towels every evening, home baked brioche one evening, it just didn't stop.....oh and champange on ice. What a staff, I can't go on enough about the staff. They are so helpful and accomodating. Whatever our request and we had a few, they were there to help. We ate in a little cafe called Breakfast in American about 1/2 mile away maybe a mile but it worked off the calories. They found out where it was and got all the info for us. I loved the hotel and we both agree if we come again or bring our husbands .... this will be THE hotel. GREAT location and cozy and warm. Also our room was air conditioned and it was warm when we were there so I was very happy about that. It was nice and big and we could rent DVD's. Wonderful experience and it would be hard to choose which was lovelier the staff or the hotel. WONDERFUL!! As the commercial says 'Priceless'.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ralstonlan
<Content>Wonderful stay at the D'aubusson We just returned from a 5 night stay at the D'Aubusson and had a wonderful experience.We booked the Romance package which included airport pick-up and breakfast daily. Also included were tickets to the Louvre, which we did not use as we had the Museum Pass for five days. I did not know that the package also included a lunch, served either in our room, the outdoor terrace, or the lounge. We opted for our room as it gave us an opportunity to relax and put our feet up. The lunch consisted of a bottle of champagne, smoked salmon, shrimp, cheeses, sausages and breads. Just fabulous.Our room, number 106, was huge, even by American standards. A very comfortable king size bed, with plenty of room for a sofa and two chairs and table. The windows opened to a great view of the bustling Rue Dauphine, although at night it was extremely quiet. The entrance was a seperate hallway from the bedroom. Bath was large and comfortable. The Hermes bath products were a nice touch.We stopped in the Cafe Laurent one evening for after dinner drinks and had a wonderful evening of jazz. Some interesting characters in the bar!The location can't be beat. You can walk to the Metro in five minutes. You are at at the edge of the river Seine in seconds.All in all, a perfect five day stay. It all does come at a price though, especially given the decreasing value of the dollar. If the D'Aubusson is in your price range, do consider it, as it is a perfect setting for a wonderful stay in Paris.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LondonErnie
<Content>Boutique Beauty We stayed at the Hotel D'Aubusson over Easter and it was an absolute pleasure. First, the location of the Hotel is, in my view, as good as you can get in Paris. In the charming sidestreets of St. Germain, near to the lovely bars, bistros and restaurants in the area, whilst only 2 minutes' walk from the Pont Neuf bridge across the Seine - it is perfectly located for day trips around the city, and for great evenings out within a very short stroll from the Hotel.Second, from the very outset, right the way through our stay, the staff could not have been more friendly or helpful - nothing was too much trouble. Lovely touches such as easter eggs on the pillows, and flowers in the room as they knew we were celebrating a birthday.Third, the hotel is a real boutique gem. The rooms are very nicely designed, and the lounge / Jazz bar attached to the hotel are gorgeous. The Jazz bar makes for the perfect setting for a pre-dinner cocktail and post dinner retreat...It is a little on the expensive side, but well worth the money - we will definitely return!!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JKFParis
<Content>Loved the Jazz!! My husband and I just returned from a long weekend in Paris celebrating our anniversary and stayed at the Hotel d'Aubusson. We had a wonderful experience!! The minute we arrived we were greeted with a smile and very prompt and professional service. The staff at the hotel were very courteous and helpful with all of our requests. The hotel provides jazz in the Cafe Laurent 6 nights a week and it is fabulous! We travel extensively in the states and in Europe and I was very happy with our decision to stay at this hotel. The excellent location, service, breakfast, jazz and size of our room were perfect for a quick weekend get-away! We had a superior room near the elevator and I was worried that we would hear a lot of noise but it was extremely quiet. We loved the large windows that opened up to rue Dauphine where you could hear all the action going on outside but when we closed the windows it was absolutely sound proof! The area around the hotel includes many great little shops, cafes and chocolate boutiques! We had dinner at the trendy Alain Ducasse restaurant Spoon, close to the Champs-Elysees and also Guy Savoy's Les Bouquinistes, located very close to the hotel. We also went to the chic hot spot Le Cafe Marly at the Louvre for the best people watching! I would highly recommend all three restaurants but definitely make reservations for Fri/Sat evenings. It's hard to come back to reality after such an incredible trip to Paris but we will return to the Hotel d'Aubusson soon!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EuroHoneymoon2006
<Content>This hotel is great          Tea in Cafe Laurent at the hotel  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>irn73
<Content>Amazing Hotel! My wife recently returned from a 5 night stay at Hotel D' Aubusson. From the minute we walked into the beautiful lobby we loved it. We have stayed in many top notch hotels in Paris and and this was by far the best. Great service and great room. It is a bit of a splurge but worth every cent. We especially liked the exposed beamed ceilings throughout and the great fireplace in the breakfast room. We would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SigridH
<Content>Excellent hotel We stayed at the D'Aubusson for five nights in early December '06. The hotel is charming. Our room overlooked the street and was absolutely clean and soundproof (with windows closed). We slept well. The staff was friendly and fantastic. I thought I had lost my passport and Alexandra accompanied us to the local police station and got directions to the US Embassy for a duplicate (I found original right where I had tucked it inside rented cellphone case when packing to go home). Sophie mailed three books to our home in the U.S. that were left at the front desk of the hotel. The location is great--tons of interesting little shops all around, and good walks in every direction. Enjoy! Martha H. (Chicago)  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Brooklynguyz
<Content>Very pleasant experience for a gay couple We booked the Hotel D'Aubusson based upon reviews on this site. It's a lovely hotel centrally located. It was a major plus to have live jazz in their cocktail lounge on the weekend, and a very good combo to boot. The common rooms are lovely. The deluxe room was a nice size and the staff was very friendly and helpful, although they made us check out and get to the airport way too early.We were probably the only gay couple at what seems to be a straight couple kind of place, but never felt any homophobia. Everyone was solicitious and welcoming. I don't know why more gay folks don't stay at this hotel. It has such great charm. Kudos to Hotel D'Aubusson!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>BevJones
<Content>Pricy but perfect Everything about this converted XVII chateau was pleasing: room, staff, public space, jazz bar, courtyard, breakfast and location. The hotel is two blocks from the Odeon transportation hub, but many major sites, like the Louvre, D'Orsay, Seine, Notre- Dame are easy walks. Deux Magots, a great people- watching hangout, is about four blocks away. Rue St. Andre des Arts, a walking street with dozens of restaurants, is just a few short blocks away.Toiletries were Hermes and extra goodies, flowers, candy, fruit or wine, arrived almost daily. I did find the hotel quite expensive. About $200 more per night than the nice three star hotels that I usually reserve. The price was my only reservation about the d'Aubusson.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ParisDreamin'
<Content>Just plain awesome. I've been to Paris about 15-20 times and have stayed at a variety of 4 to 5 star hotels. This is one of the very best experiences. We stayed in one of the deluxe rooms on the Romance Package. I'll start with the one and only negative. The view from our room was of the adjacent building's wall and roof. Now on to the good stuff. The staff was uniformly excellent, professional and helpful. No separate concierge, but each member of the front desk was able to help with any arrangements necessary. Particularly good was Jenny. The room was lovely, good linens, nice marble bathroom, beautiful original beamed ceilings and brick columns. All done in a lovely classic, traditional style. Lovely sitting area as well.Romance package came with great extras, two tickets to the Louvre (although we didn't use them as we used a Carte Rouge), two tickets to a Seine cruise, classical music concert tickets for two at a local church, champagne, roses, etc. The location of the hotel is outstanding, so close to the heart of St. Germain, yet steps from the Pont Neuf and therefore, a stone's throw from St. Chappelle, Notre Dame, the Louvre, Musee d'Orsay, etc. The hotel is definitely the best 4 star hotel I've ever stayed at in Paris. How does it rate against some of the 5 star hotels? Pretty well as well. Sure, it doesn't drip with the luxury of the Crillon, the Bristol, or the Meurice, but it also doesn't come with the attitude either. And still nothing compares to the George V. But for the money, this may be as good as it gets in Paris.A couple restaurant recommendations... My wife and I fancy ourselves a bit of foodies, and we've dined at some of the best that Paris has to offer. We did not dine at any of the temples of haute cuisine on this occasion, as it was more of a casual trip. But Parisien bistros can of course offer some incredible dining as well. La Maison du Jardin close to the Jardin de Luxemburg was lovely and a tremendous value. Au Moulin a Vent in the 5th arrondissement serves some outstanding food, great chateaubriand, escargot, and grenouille.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wtbush
<Content>Top Marks for a Top Hotel We stayed at Hotel d'Aubusson from September 6, 2005 to September 15, and couldn't be happier with it. If you've checked the map, you'll see how perfectly located it is, in Latin Quarter almost St. Germaine. Pont Neuf, connecting the nearby Louvre, Marais etc, is only two short blocks away. There are tons of restaurants and shops within a few blocks. It's so centrally located that we only used the metro once- we walked everywhere. The hotel is on Rue Dauphine, which is a nice street with an interesting mix of shops. The neighborhood is great for strolling- cafes, pastries, and a great little counterculture book/comic shop down the block called Librairie Actualit茅s. Continuing down gets you to the Buci area, which is always jumping. A few more blocks and you're at Le Deux Magots, Cafe De Flor, and Brasserie Lipp. Go the other way and you're on the bridge admiring the Eiffel tower as you head to the right bank.The hotel feels classy and elegant from the time you come into the lobby, and the Cafe Laurent is a fine bar to have a drink or snack, or listen to some great jazz. There are two internet computers, one in the cafe and right on the street so you can surf and people watch at the same time. Our room was initially the Edith Piaf room, 507, I think. We were on the well discounted Romance package, as it was my wife's 50th birthday and our anniversary. The room was large and well appointed. However, we suddenly realized that some of our favorite times while in hotels abroad were when we could throw open the windows and see the streetscape. 507 is well removed from the street, and very quiet. We felt isolated, and debated whether to complain that the room was *too* quiet! Finally we called and they were fine with showing us another Deluxe, and comparable, room. The next one was about the same, and by now we were feeling pretty guilty, but the reception clerk, Jenny, was extremely gracious. As we came around to realizing what we wanted, and were almost resigned to a big quiet room (!), we explained to her, she made a call, and showed us a Superior room, just a notch down in size. It was room 204 and it was perfect. We walked in and there were two French doors that had two windows behind them with a tiny 'balcony' (not really, just a foot or two of landing and a rail). Finding just what we wanted, we threw open the windows and enjoyed the bustle of the street. It was like sitting at a cafe peoplewatching. Not to worry, the two sets of windows with the air gap were virtually hermetically sealed when closed, and you cannot hear a thing. For us, 201-204 are the best of both worlds, quiet plus a little street action, and we were fine with a slightly smaller room.The staff couldnt' have been more helpful. They were always smiling, accommodated every request graciously. A distinctive mark of an excellent hotel (or organization), is how they deal with challenges. D'Aubusson rose to it by showing us several rooms and finding what we wanted. Additionally, when a mistake was made with the laundry service, they made good on it the only way possible, by paying for the pants. No argument, no explanation, just a sincere apology and a generous credit. The bartender at Cafe Laurent (Flavienne I believe) is fun to hang out with, and the place has its own following. Use the staff for recommendations. They know the area. Avoid the restaurant row nearby where the hawkers practically steer you into their establishments, and either scope out a place in advance, or tell the staff your preferences. Be careful scoping in advance, as there's a big difference in some latin quarter streets for ambience in dining between daytime and night. The staff arranged our Romance Package amenities very well- Louvre tickets, Seine boat cruise, classical concert, car pickup, and of course the champagne, fruit, brioche, and gift. They also got us anniversary lunch reservations at Jules Verne in the Eiffel Tower, which until the next day was the best meal we'd ever had. They also arranged our anniversary dinner the next day at a restaurant a block away called Jacques Cagna. We had no idea if the staff was good at picking special restaurants, and wowwwwww. It was spectactular, and the perfect special occasion place. We enjoy quality gourmet restaurants occasionally, and this place topped our top places in San Francisco and Italy. Thank god we took out the second mortgage on the house! But sometimes, you do something off the charts and it leaves an indelible memory for life, which is exactly why you splurged. Breakfast at the hotel was excellent. Yes a bit pricey but what a spread; and we didn't care since it was included in the rate. The breakfast room is lovely, there's another room next to it if you want to move around, and in good weather, there's a courtyard for breakfast or drinks and snacks. The kitchen staff will make any breakfast dish you request, so if continental isnt' your style, have it your way. We typically use Tripadvisor to find hotels. We look for the highest ranking hotel within our criteria, which is usually at least 3 star, dead center location, not ridiculously expensive, and no recent Tripadvisor comments about lack of cleanliness. We tend to throw out the best and worst reviews, chalking them off to people that love everything or people with 'travel issues', respectively. Curious about our hotel choice, we went around the corner and checked out Relais Christine, which our hotel advised us is a friend of theirs, not so much a rival. Relais Christine had some beautiful features, such as the spa and charming cavelike dining arear. A few rooms even had a patio. However, all in all, we preferred D'Aubusson's location on a more interesting street, the Cafe, and our room furnishings. It was a great experience at the D'Aubusson, and deserves its very high Tripadvisor marks.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LyonDuck
<Content>D'Aubusson is Charming and Hospitable       View from Balcony  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>loloa312
<Content>Great hotel in a great location I just loved this hotel. The rooms were nice and luxurious, the employees were extremley friendly, and the hotel lobby and sitting rooms were so cute and quaint. The area was perfect, surrounded by great cafes, bars, and nightlife. I stronglly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>inkcakes
<Content>Great family stay NY family highly recommends the Hotel D'Aubusson. We were there in late June for five nights with our two children, ages 9 and 10. Booked thru our travel agent, we got a private, quiet, very spacious family suite (rooms 308 and 309) with breakfast included. I travel to Paris often and have stayed at the best of the best and found the service at D'Aubusson to be on par with the grand hotels. The bathrooms were small but luxurious (with lovely Hermes products), the courtyard charming, the location fantastic, our rooms comfortable, quiet, and newly refurnished. Ask to have breakfast and internet included for a substantial savings.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay My husband and I stayed for four nights in June and loved the Hotel' D'Aubusson. Our adult son also joined us for the last two nights. so we had a loft apartment which worked really well for the three of us. The room was spacious, with a sitting room and separate bedroom in the loft, and the bathroom was well-appointed. Having read other reviewers comments regarding breakfast, we chose to eat breakfast elsewhere. The location is excellent - in a couple of minutes we could be at the Louvre or Notre Dame or on Ile St. Louis eating Berthillon ice cream! What really set the hotel apart was the staff in the reception area -- they were really helpful and very friendly. While on our next trip to Paris we might be tempted to stay in another area of the city, I believe we will probably return to the D'Aubusson.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>slogdog
<Content>Meets the Reviews Exactly The D'Aubusson was exactly what was reviewed by trip advisors. Yes, the hotel is older, somewhat outdated in decor, but really exceptional otherwise. The location is what made this hotel such a superb find. Located just up the street from the Le Buci market area and St. Germain des Pres was such a wonderful experience. The staff all spoke english really well, seemed to really care about your hospitality and needs. They called for a taxi to take us across town, had resturant suggestion and more. I needed a 3 prong to 2 prong european adapter that the were more than pleased to provide.The bathrooms were great, clean and large from european standards, and to room (507) was very large and well air conditioned which was a welcome releif from the abnormally hot days in Paris.We got a deal from their website that gave us a chauffer from CDG and they were so kind even when our flight was delayed an hour from ATL. The driver was waiting for us and all smiles and very very nice. A welcome pack included water in the back of the car for our ride to the hotel from the airport with points of intrest located along the way in a nicely worded brouchure. A really nice touch. Yes the had spectular service every night including chocolates, cookies and other treats everynight. A card with the forcast for the next day was put on your pillow for the the turn-down service. The service was really really nice.We were able to walk to every place we wanted to go. Muse Cluny, St Sulpice, St. Severn, Louvre, Muse D'Orsay, Notre Dame, St Michele, St Germain, Tons of resturants and bistros, boulongeries little shops everywhere, It was overwhelming. I can't say enough about the location. As part of our package we had breakfast every morning the food was good, but it was the same everyday and we got a little tired of the same menu, but still the quality was really good but for a 10 day stay just got a little boring.Everyone has different tastes and I can see why some people were not as overwhelmed as others by this hotel. It was really a 4 star hotel in our opinion, where I can see that some would rate this hotel as a 3 star everyone is different. I'm sure there are more palacial, more american like, or more updated, but if you want a quality boutique hotel with attentive friendly staff, clean and large rooms, with nice bathrooms, great maid service, and adequate and plentiful breakfast, a nice bar and patio area, good free internet access, plush robes and slippers for your stay with oversized bath towles, and above all a location that is next to impossible to beat then you will love this hotel. Don't expect over the top luxury epecially if you are used to staying at the 4 seasons etc.We stayed for 10 days and loved it so much and loved Paris so much we booked another week for this september and we are bringing more family members so we are booking 3 rooms the next time. It was that good for all things mentioned above.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HSnell
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, Excellent Location We had an incredible stay at the Hotel d'Abusson. We arrived in Paris with several challenges (delayed flight, lost luggage, airport tranportation snag). As first time visitors to Paris, the hotel staff made us feel very welcome and assured us they would assist with located our luggage by contacting the airline. They did so and had our luggage delivered to our room the next morning. We opted to stay the first three nights in the Deluxe Room, taking advantage of the Romance Package. The package was inclusive of many amenities, all of which were arranged for by the hotel staff. The deluxe room was very nice and comfortable, complete with Hermes toiletries and flat screen TV. After the third day, we chose to move to a more affordable, standard room. The room was also very nice, and fairly similar in size (not too big, not too small). The bed wasn't quite as nice, but the room was just as comfortable and clean. Both rooms were very quiet (not a lot of hotel or street noise). The staff provided anything we asked for and were extremely accomadating. I don't feel the breakfast was worth 23 Euros/pp, but it was included the first three nights as part of the package. Overall I would highly recommend this hotel and rate it as one of the friendliest places I've stayed.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Brian_NVA
<Content>Mixed Review of Older Hotel We were not as enamored of this hotel as other Trip Advisor members, perhaps because we switched from a modern, upscale hotel to this much older hotel for some preplanned variety. Upon arrival, we asked at the desk for a quiet room and were given one of the three rooms in a separate building called La Pavillon. True to its billing, the room was very quiet at night because it did not overlook the main street. However, the room itself was just slightly above average with rather bland decor on the walls, a sagging bed, and a bathroom door handle that came off easily. Housekeeping was a bit hit or miss - nothing critical, just things that could have been better for the 280 Euros per night Standard Room rate. Some days were fine; others not so great. Front desk staff was nice and helpful. Hotel bar (Cafe Laurent) had live jazz on Saturday night, and there is an adjacent, elegantly furnished salon with large fireplace and ceiling beams. Breakfast buffet is available in morning for 23 Euros (plus 7 for coffee), but it offers no more than many full service American hotels include with the room price. Better to go out to one of many patissieries in the area (like Le Buci). Hotel is centrally located on the busy west side of the 6th arrondissement, on the Left Bank, just south of Pont Neuf... and has easy access to Metro (Odeon) and RER stations (Place St. Michel). Great Italian restaurant within several blocks - Le Restaurant Marco Polo. Highly recommended. Another very good restaurant within walking distance was Perraudin, a block away from the Pantheon, at 157 rue Saint-Jacques. Have the beef bourguignon, and pay extra for a side order of potatoes au gratin. Wonderful.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Fezza
<Content>Great experience of Paris My husband and I stayed at this lovely boutique hotel in the first week of April. The location is perfect, and as first time travellors to Paris we found it very easy to see what we wanted to see and more from here. We used the hop on, hop off bus which has a stop around the corner at St Michel and the pass was valid for two days and takes you through all of Paris. We also walked from the Hotel to the Lourve, Tuilleries Gardens, Notre Dame. There are heaps of restaurants, cafes in the area and the staff were all very helpful with reading of menus.Our room at the hotel was a very good size(superior room), with an entry way with robes and in room safe, bathroom off to left and then seperate bedroom with king sized bed, TV, dvd, mini bar, desk, table and chairs etc. Air conditioning is room controlled, our room overlooked Rue Dauphine and was quiet. When we would return to our room at night the bed had been turned down, slippers waiting at the side of the bed, robes and sweets also waiting. The Cafe has a jazz band playing on the weekends and is very popular and a nice way to relax after a day taking in the city. The staff are friendly, helpful and spoke very good english(if your french is very limited like mine). I would return to this hotel without hesitation and recommend it highly.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Hotel D'Aubusson! We stayed at the Hotel D'Aubusson from Feb 16 - Feb 21, 2006 and had a wonderful experience. We were about to book their winter promotion - which for 240Euro a night, included a pick-up in a private car at the airport, breakfast daily, museum pass, champagne (1/2 bottle), 2 drinks in the hotel's bar Cafe Laurent, a tea in the hotel lounge, and tickets to a music concert.The staff at this hotel is more than accomodating. Prior to arrival, they quickly responded to emails (in English) to confirm our airport pick-up and to set up dinner reservations. On arrival, we were easily able to pay the difference to upgrade the 1-day museum pass included in our package to a 3-Day at check-in. They provided maps to help us navigate the metro and always provided detailed, easy to understand instructions. Maid service was twice a day, and there were always orange bon-bons on our pillow at night - sometimes also special treats like Brioche or Macaroons. We were also upgraded a room category on arrival.The hotel is beautiful - our bed was comfortable and the room spacious for Paris. Our bathroom was nice and modern - though out toilet did seem to leak a little bit (our only problem while we were there). THe hotel's bar Cafe Laurent is quite lively and popular and has live jazz several nights a week.The hotel is in a great central location in the Saint Germain Des Pres neighborhood on the left bank. The Odeon and St. Michel / Notre Dame metro stops are nearby. We were able to walk to Notre Dame, St. Chapelle, the Conciergerie, the Louvre, the Musee D'Orsay, and the Pompideau Center from this location.We would definitely recommend this wonderful hotel to others!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A solid hotel, but probably not the best My wife and I just returned from a three night stay at the Hotel d'Aubusson. Overall, we certainly enjoyed our stay. For the price (240 Euro), I have to imagine that we got a good deal -- 1/2 bottle of champagne, breakfast included, and more than adequate facilities. The concierge service was great (especially the head concierge), and we were given everything we asked for. Still, while the decor of the common areas of the hotel was outstanding, the room itself seemed somewhat lacking. It did have everything we needed, but it just seemed a bit bland. As it was my first time, I wanted more of a Paris experience, and the room might have been a little plain. But that is my only complaint (and my wife didn't complain about it). The location is perfect, the facilities are great (it didn't have a gym or pool, but who needs a gym or pool when you're vacationing in Paris?), and the staff is warm and friendly. Frommers gave it a 3 out of 3 on its experiences star scale. I can't agree with that. Still, while I don't think I'll return there when we return to Paris, I would still recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gelule
<Content>Romantic stay in paris What a great hotel!!! It was so much more than I hoped it would be, everything was perfect. The staff was very friendly, the room was spacious, warm and cosy. They put up the christmasdecorations the 2nd day of our stay and that only made it more romantic.Breakfast was very nice as well. They surprised us several times with a little present in the room.The location is also super,a lot of little restaurants around the hotel and you're only a few steps away from the subway and the Seine. I will defenitely come back to this hotel and for a longer period.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LG-BTH
<Content>Welcomed in Paris I just returned from a delightful 2-night stay at the Hotel d'Aubusson on the rue Dauphine, 6e (St. Germain, but close to Latin Quarter, Paris). The staff at the hotel are friendly, relaxed and welcoming yet very professional. We had a duplex appartment with a queen bed downstairs and a single bed and lounge space upstairs which worked comfortably for us (adult son upstairs). Note that there is no door between the upstairs and downstairs. The room was furnished with expected modern amenities and made good use of the space. Other rooms at the hotel vary in size and decor, but all looked in fine condition. The continental breakfast buffet was plentiful, with meats, eggs, yogurts, cheese, etc.The location is 1/2 block from the Seine and Ile de la Cite, a few minutes walk to Louvre and d'Orsay and in an area loaded with restaurants and other food establishments.All told, a fine place to stay on the Left Bank.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trotterleg
<Content>Charming with excellent service Warm, cozy and friendly people plus a beautiful Rm.#206. Quiet, too.Excellent local restaurants around the corner -5 stars- Chez Catherine and Chez Ferninand- actually two of the BEST dinners we as New Yorkers ever ate. Room cleaned twice a day- spotless. Hermes toiletries in the bath. 24hr. room service- though we didnt partake.A wonderful example of a French style boutique hotel. Would return and suggest this hotel without reservation. So... ENJOY!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cindylane123
<Content>Truly Loved the D'Aubusson For our first time in Paris, this hotel was an excellent choice. The location was splendid, and the hotel staff was friendly and VERY helpful. The room was charming and surprisingly spacious, as was the bathroom, with all Hermes toiletries. We loved staying at this hotel...and the jazz was wonderful, in the little bar downstairs. If you are looking for an upscale, quaint and beautifully located hotel, this is for you. It's pricey, but we got the romance package, which included breakfast every morning and limosene pick up at the airport, along with tickets for several other things. We loved it!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>review from a Francophile My husband and I have traveled twice a year to Paris for over 10 years. We have generally been very loyal to our hotel, but occasionally try something new, especially if it is a short trip. We have stayed at Relais Christine, (stupendous and VERY expensive), hotel de L'Abbaye, (charming with beautiful public rooms), and recently at hotel D'Aubusson. We were totally enchanted and didn't want to leave! Yes, they are reluctant to replace the Hermes toiletries, but probably because we're stuffing our bags with them! Our room was gorgeous, with floor to ceiling windows, luxurious draperies, reading lamps and down pillows. The bath was large, beautifully appointed and tres Francais. Breakfast filled us until dinner, (esp. with extra yogurts and fruit back to the room....I enjoy my perks!). Unlike most hotels, a full breakfast was offered and included in the room price. There is a stone courtyard off of the bar area for those who find it cramped, or tables with piano bar in inclement weather. Anyone who didn't enjoy their stay I doubt would enjoy anyplace.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Robinska
<Content>Can't beat the location and staff. This was my 6th trip to Paris and my first stay at the Aubusson. My husband and I were there for 6 nights and we loved it. I think the ambiance of the public areas, the ideal location and the wonderful staff give it the 4****rating. The hotel sent champagne to our room the first night, a fruit basket the second night, chocolates the 3rd night and so on. Very nice touch! The staff was young, friendly, concientious, and professional. I callled the desk one morning and asked about making dinner reservations for us at a fondue restaurant a few blocks from the hotel. I couldn't remember the name of the fondue place but they said they would find out and get back to me. When I checked back, the man at the desk told me that the man I had spoken with was out walking the neighborhood looking for the restaurant! My only disappointment was that our room was actually smaller than any of the nearby 3*** hotel rooms we had stayed at in the past. In spite of this we would definitly stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AmerInEuroJen
<Content>Excellent staff and rooms       sitting area in room  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Renierk
<Content>Delightful D'Aubusson The D'Aubusson delights the senses from arrival until departure; the only downside is leaving its comfort and grace in the heart of Paris. My six day stay in May, 2005 was a mixture of business and pleasure. As with my previous half-dozen stays, the hotel staff greeted me warmly. Although it was late on a Saturday night after a flight from Shanghai, my luggage was delivered immediately to the beautiful Loge Edith Piaf (Chambre 507), where a half-bottle of champagne on ice awaited me. Too tired to drink the champagne that evening, it was kept chilled for me at the bar. A colleague traveling with me also found his room arranged to his liking. Note that the class of room (Standard, Superior, Grand) is determined not only by the size of the room, but also by its decor. Hence, some Grand rooms are not the largest, but benefit from beautiful, exposed ceiling beams, the same sort that grace the Grand Salon, with its graceful and grand fireplace, and the Salon de Tapisserie, where a pleasant buffet breakfast is served. The croissants could be better, although there are ample other choices including beautiful breads. The D'Aubusson's location makes it easy to enjoy the vibrancy, history and energy of Paris. May 1 is a national holiday, and little flower bouqets are sold on every street corner in the St Germain des Pres for a few Euros. It's a short walk across the Pont des Arts to the Louvre and the Tuileries, and a bit longer but delightful past Notre Dame and the Ile St. Louis to the Marais. Although the hotel has no exercise facilities, a 5 minute jog will bring you to the Jardin Du Luxembourg, where you can run easy circumference laps around one of the most beautiful public gardens with the Parisians. Swimmers should try the Piscine St-Germain, an easy 5 minute walk, where you can check your street clothes and shower. I found the swimming a bit like the driving in France: a bit chaotic at first, but fun once you get the hang of it. Two other colleagues arrived on Monday and were also delighted at the reception. We had organized a two-day business meeting for 40 people in the D'Aubusson's new meeting room, one floor down from reception which can be reached either by elevator or by a grand staircase accessed just outside the main entrance. The room is beautifully furnished, with both wireless and high-speed internet access as well as video- and teleconference capabilities. Lighting is adjustable and intelligent, making both broad discussions and PowerPoint presentations easy. The D'Aubusson welcomed our guests on Tuesday evening with a jazz cocktail reception and heavy appetizers, that sufficed as dinner for most. Over the course of the meeting, we were served three meals by the hotel (one dinner and two lunches). Each was unique, well prepared, interesting and facilitated group dynamics. Many of our guests commented on the quality and variety of the food as well as the beauty of the hotel. What really made the hotel shine, though, was the attentive and friendly service by the staff throughout our meeting and meals. There are many beautiful and well-situated hotels in Paris, but few with the character and charm I've experienced at the D'Aubusson on every stay, both personal and business.  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>flyiad
<Content>Nice  Past reviews are very accurate. We spent 3 nights in 2 rooms at the D'Aubusson in late December and everyone was very happy with the accomodations. We had rooms in both the new and old part of the hotel. Even the smaller rooms at this hotel are larger than the norm in Paris. Everything was very clean, nice Hermes toiletries were replenished as needed, large (though firm) beds, lots of closet space, plenty of towels and two robes, flat screen TV/DVD players (not sure if these are in all rooms?) and very well soundproofed. Great location for St. Germain, the Seine, Louvre, D'Orsay, Notre Dame, Cluny, etc., and just a few blocks (4 or 5) from the St Michel Metro. In all cases the staff was friendly and helpful, whether at the desk, breakfast, bar, or cleaning. Even though we were in smoking rooms (and don't smoke) there was absolutely no smoky residue or odor. Winter promotion rates where $1 = 1 Euro, including breakfast, 1 day museum pass, champagne, and other amenities make things a bit more affordable. Breakfast was good but not lavish, (eggs, sausage, toast, pastries, juices, yogurt, cheese, coffee, tea, etc) certainly enough to get your day started, and acceptable when included in the room rate. Minor issues that made me wish for a 4.5 rating category: Some stains on the light colored carpet in one room (but the room did feel very clean despite this), and a few mildew stains on the shower grout in an otherwise completely spotless bathroom. The rooms were very hot - we turned off the heating entirely and had the windows open a lot of the time. In some ways it's nice to come back to a warm cozy room after spending the day in 40 degree temps, but if you like to sleep cold, it means having windows open and resulting street noise. The street noise is completely silenced by the double windows otherwise. Overall a great experience - we would go back.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WorldTraveler9
<Content>Heavenly My favorite hotel in Paris! Unfortunately, now that the value of the dollar has sunk into the sewer, the price is a bit out of reach for most Americans. However, if you're a CEO and money is no object because your stockholders are paying for your trip to Paris, definitely check out this hotel. Every room I've stayed in has been different and delightful in its own way. The service is good, in any language, no matter which languages you speak. The rooms are so quiet and peaceful, that one can forget that this location is in the middle of one of the most exciting area of Paris.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SMTORD
<Content>Extraordinary Service at the Hotel d'Aubusson My husband and I just returned from a 7-night stay at the Hotel d'Aubusson. We opted for a grand luxe loft room, offered in their Winter Promotion, where 1 Euro= 1 USD.The location of the hotel is ideal, two blocks from the Seine and a few more to Blvd. St. Germaine.The street runs right into the Pont Neuf, but for the most part we heard almost no street noise whatsoever. Our room was #406, one of the larger rooms, with 2 beds together, probably in total the width of an American King but shorter.... As we are both over 6' tall, they were definitely too short and this was an annoyance. The mattresses are typically Parisian.. hard... but the linens are very high-quality. There was a small sitting area, with a round table and 2 chairs, and plenty of room to walk around and store luggage. The bathroom wasquite large, and well appointed with terry robes, Hermes toiletries, and all the towels you could use.The housekeeping staff are very diligent, and the room was spotless.The public areas are quite attractive, and the Bar Laurent has a great jazz group playing Thurs., Fri.and Sat. evenings. Breakfast is okay, not wonderful nor worth the 23 Euro tab if not included in the room rate. Service in the breakfast room is quite good, and they will make excellent omelettes for an extra charge. The gentleman who runs the bar and sitting room in the evenings is just fantastic... he treats the whole first floor as his fiefdom and makes sure everybody is well-serviced.The real test of this hotel occurred when on day 2 of our stay, I somehow contracted a serious GI problem (food poisoning, most likely) which necessitated getting a doctor to the hotel, prescriptions delivered, etc. The entire staff could not have been nicer of more helpful to us... they were absolutely wonderful. That the desk staff spoke such wonderful English was a real help in communicating the needs we had. When Iemerged a couple days later, everyone inquired how I was, asked if there was anything I needed,and doted on us with genuine care and concern. We would have liked to stay at one of the Leading Hotels of the World in Paris, as we usually do in other European cities. Paris is just so insanely expensive, and the dollar now so weak, that we couldn't justify those prices. While we might have had beds more suitable to us, I doubt that we would have experienced better service than we we had at the d'Aubusson. The entire staff is a family of genuinely helpful and caring people. We will return.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location Great location on the left bank, just two blocks from the Seine river. Staff friendly and attentive to guests needs. Located on quiet street, but within walking distance of good restaurants and nightlife. Rooms were clean and good size for European standards. Located 4 blocks from St. Michel subway and train station, where you can catch a train/subway anywhere in or around Paris. Good location to walk to most tourist destinations in Paris, ie: museums, Eiffel tower( a bit of a jaunt), Notre Dame, etc... Hotel was a pleasure for my first visit to Paris, I look forward to returning to the Hotel D'Aubusson.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>d'Aubusson perfect for a family This was a wonderful hotel and much to the delight of my teenage daughters on their first trip to Paris. The hotel location is outstanding within 100 yards or so from the historic Pont Neuf, only slightly longer to St. Germain.We stayed in one of the loft suites which worked out perfectly for us. Very comfortable for three. The room was spotless. The concierge was outstanding and obtained with a week's notice 4th row seats to a Saturday night performance at the Opera Grandier, and for face value! They were very helpful in every way for restaurant reservations, car service, directions, et al..The jazz band in the bar is a local favorite but the crowd is friendly and the service outstanding.The granduer of the sitting room in the lobby and the breakfast room is classic Parisien. My children were so impressed and truly felt the history of Paris.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>heme34
<Content>Enjoyed the D'Aubusson We were happy to find that the D'Aubusson was as nice as had been reported in prior reviews. The personnel were helpful and the 2 rooms we had were very clean and comfortable. The location is outstanding for the Left Bank.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely should be downgraded On the last day of our stay, we requested a wake-up call in order to get a train. The wake-up call never came. And all the front desk had to say about it was oops.So bring your own alarm clock, your own soaps and toiletries, and extra towels if you need them.In addition:鈥?There was a large mistake on my bill when it was presented. The mistake was corrected, but the guys at the front desk seem to be more interested in blaming any mistake on somebody else than on correcting it for the customer.鈥?The hotel's public rooms are beautiful (except for the bar area, which is awful). But the bedrooms are bland. 鈥?The toiletries and soaps were never replenished. 鈥?The overall service (e.g. cleaning of rooms) was appropriate to a two- or three-star hotel.鈥?I consistently heard tourists being misdirected by the front desk (i.e. to shops that were closed on Monday morning).I think the people happiest with this hotel are those who have never stayed in Paris before and don't know any better.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Just spent 6 days at the D'Aubusson, it couldn't have been nicer.Location is terrific, we were able to walk all over Paris and back to the hotel. Dinners were also within walking distance. The entire staff at the hotel were extremely helpful in reservations and answering questions. The room was quiet due to the double pane windows, large and well furnished, bathroom was also large, entire place very clean. This would definitely be my choice for a return visit.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel My wife,daughter and I just finished a wonderful stay at the D'aubusson. The front desk staff were extremely helpful and anticipated our needs. Our rooms were very comfortable and the hotel's location is superb. Stay here if you can!!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I hate to give away the secret ... This place is a hidden gem. My wife and I enjoyed ourselves immensely when we stayed here in August 2004. The location, near the Left Bank end of the Pont Neuf, cannot be bettered. The service is attentive but not intrusive (very knowledgeable concierge). Our room, overlooking the street, was soundproofed to facilitate a deliciously deep sleep but with a balcony window that could be opened to let in the music of Paris. There were numerous touches of luxury, such as buttery-soft bed linens and soaps and bath foam by Hermes. Daily, management left little treats in our room such as melt-in-your-mouth macarons, fresh fruit, and a special brioche. Our only complaint was that the in-room wi-fi was not Mac compatible.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel My friend and I spent a week in Paris in Feb. 2004.We stayed at the Hotel d'Aubusson and absolutelyloved it. The location is perfect, the room waswonderful, the breakfast one of the best I've everhad in Europe ( I've lived in Europe for two years and have traveled extensively in every country)and the staff were extremely friendly, kind, andhelpful. I find it hard to believe that the personswho gave the hotel a bad review stayed in the same hotel in which I stayed. Maybe they werethe ones with a poor attitude. I am looking forwardto my next stay at the Hotel d'Aubusson and I recommend it to my friends.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BostonJake
<Content>2nd Stay We recently stayed at the d'Aubusson for the second time in July, 2004. I enjoyed it more this time than before. I have always found the staff quite helpful and eager to be of assistance though some seem to have a serious demeanor that I attribute to their sense of professionalism -- also in France, as most anywhere, you can have misunderstandings due to language and cultural differences -- that's why we travel! At the d'Aubusson, it seems that whatever you want or need is a) available or b) they will get it for you -- however you often need to ask and be clear about what you want. For example, I asked about internet access and they provided me with a cable to use for dialing out. When I turned on my computer it found a wireless connection. I was delighted and made use of it (for a fee to Orange the telecom company). When I returned the cable to the front desk I got a you didn't ask about wireless response. We found the rooms to be very nice both times and very clean (immaculate perhaps?). The housekeeping is excellent, the rooms quiet, the bar is a gem, and a drink or coffee in the courtyard can be enchanting. Breakfast is great if included in your rate, but pricey if not.Be sure to check out the summer packages as they make the prices a bit more bearable.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>LindaandStan
<Content>What more could anyone want----Fantastic!! My husband and I stayed here from July 1st to July7th. The hotel was elegant, the staff helpful and charming. We were lucky enough to take advantage of the Summer promotion offer in which the US Dollar was accepted at par with the Euro. Being Canadians this was a significant savings for us. The promotion included a standard room with full breakfast and many lovely extras such as flowers in the room, a welcoming bottle of champagne, tickets for a ride down the Seine, etc. The room we had was very elegant, tastefully decorated and extremely large with a sitting area. It was only a standard room so we were very delighted. We checked out the Relais Christine around the corner. It was charming, had a lovely courtyard off the street, but the rooms were extremely small compared to what we had and the cost was about 100 Euros more. Our room was fresh and clean with a lovely bathroom. The balcony overlooked the Rue Dauphine which was great fun. There were two windows so there was no problem at night with noise.The public areas of the hotel were lovely and the staff exceptional. They gave us great advice, answered all of our questions with patience and humour and made sure to ask us how everything had worked out at the end of the day. The night concierge, Sebastien was particularly helpful. The breakfast was fine and it was great that it was included in our package but it wouldn't have been worth the 23 Euros per person if we had to pay for it separately.The Hotel D'Aubussons location couldn't be better, walking distance to the Louvre, the Musee D'Orsay, Notre Dame and the life of St. Germain.I would happily go back to Paris and the DAubusson any time and would recommend it to anyone. It made a week in Paris perfection.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ungs5
<Content>strongly disagree with poor reviews! We just got back from our THIRD stay at Hotel D'Aubusson and the hotel met our exptations, confirming our wonderful memories of our past visits. There was not one problem with the staff, the room, or the service in general. The staff went out of their way to help us with directions and reservatipons. They always had a cheerful hello and how was your day? when we returned in the evening. Our room was spotless(no stains on anything) and I would notice because I am a neat freak! I am sorry for those that had dissapointing stays , perhaps it was a fluke. All I can say is , I canot wait until we can return four our fourth visit!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>George03
<Content>Happy with the d'Aubusson We were very happy with our room and the service we received during our four night stay. The staff was very helpful and professional in every way-particularly since our French is very limited. With an overnight flight we arrived very early but the hotel made our room available right away. The location, just off the Pont Neuf was, to us, excellent. The hotel sent us to several good restaurants with Allard becoming a favorite. Our only complaint was that the breakfast, although optional, was seriously overpriced. Would we stay at the d'Aubusson again - you bet!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Appalling Disregard To Guest's Wellbeing Alas, the d'Aubusson that many have praised was a huge disappointment. We booked a suite at the d'Aubusson because of the many rave reviews. The suite was both expensive and dreary. We then looked at several other rooms, all of which showed wear and tear (for example, stained carpets). We believe, however, that a hotel's true character is not in its decoration, but in its response to a serious problem. Despite daily instructions that there be no sprays used in the room, and despite the do not disturb sign on the door, we came back to find a chambermaid spraying the room with air freshener. Since one of us has severe asthmatic reactions to such chemicals, we had a serious health problem to deal with. The staff, including the manager, could not have been more aloof or disinterested. Eventually, a form note apology was sent to the room, but there was absolutely no offer of help or attempt at remediation. Having received no response from the manager or anyone else, we called the housekeeping staff. Eventually, a supervisor came to our room with fans and offered assistance. The room spraying was a mistake; the utter disinterest in addressing the problem was appalling.If we were not leaving Paris in the next day, we would have moved to another hotel immediately. Obviously, we won't be returning to the d'Aubusson.   
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Rooms, Fabulous Left Bank Location A friend recommended this hotel to us and we were extremely pleased with our stay. The rooms were spacious compared to most Parisian hotels, the location was central to all the major Left Bank sights (and sites), and the staff was welcoming, solicitous, informative and friendly. The comfortable size bathroom was well-equipped with Hermes products and a scale (not my favorite sight to see during a week-long eating fest in Paris. Last, but not least, the air-conditioning was top notch. We highly recommend the d'Aubusson to any and all Left Bank visitors.  
<Date>May 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! My husband and I just returned from our first trip to Paris celebrating my 50th birthday. After spending five nights on the right bank we were excited to explore the left bank of the city. We spent five nights at the d'Aubusson and it was a perfect choice. We have a wonderful room that was clean, spacious and well appointed. We had a DVD (which we used for CD's) and did not experience any additional charges. The staff was friendly and helpful and even though we spoke a little french, their English was perfect. The hotel's location is very centrally located, a block from Pont Neuf. The lounge was a special treat where we could end the day with a night cap and listen to the fabulous jazz band. The only problem was that they were so good it could be very crowded! We would definitely return to this charming, cozy hotel. Thanks for some great memories.  
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>YGG
<Content>Had a great experience here! I am surprised to read the negative reviews. My girlfriend and I stayed here in early February and had a terrific experience. The staff was friendly and very helpful, we got a great deal and loved the marble bathroom and other great amenities. Room was enormous by Paris standards and double doors opened to charming street below. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>glsebs
<Content>A Wonderful Stay We just returned from a wonderful stay the the D'Aubusson. Our standard room was very quiet and comfortable and larger that the other standard rooms we've had at two other 4 star hotels in the area. The hotel is in a great location...in the midst of the lively St. Germain area but on a very quiet side street. The service was very pleasant and attentive. We had a delightful stay and will be definitely be back.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kathynewyorker
<Content>I second the 'What a Disappointment' We, too, had planned a stay at this hotel after reading the glorious reviews. We agree completely with the previous poster--especially about the rude staff. When I asked for help to get ballet tickets, they sent me to the SCNF office and told me to get them myself! Phone messages and URGENT marked faxes were not delivered to our room, and when we asked about this, we were told it was our responsibility to inquire! We finally packed our bags and went around the corner to the Hotel Christine and had the most magnificent time--kind, helpful staff, great breakfasts, lovely decor. The rooms were slightly smaller at the Christine, but we didn't mind!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Major Disappointment   showReview(1749013, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Place   showReview(1725296, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect!   showReview(1712352, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>February in Paris   showReview(1710632, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NaMacD2
<Content>Luxurious small hotel with extraordinary staff   showReview(1674805, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best!   showReview(1651121, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is a great choice!   showReview(1428559, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this hotel and its incredible location   showReview(1271925, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mrwatson
<Content>My home away from home in Paris!   showReview(1137737, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, fine service.   showReview(1089018, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>karamya
<Content>tr猫s bien situ茅 dans le style de saint-germain   showReview(7215198, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	5	5	

