<Author>mhphish
<Content>Can't get much better... We stayed at the Hotel Atlantico for three nights just after Christmas and couldn't have been happier. We traveled with a toddler (1 and a half years old), and were pleased at how easy the hotel made everything for us. This hotel couldn't really get much better, especially considering the reasonable price for a 4 star hotel.Our room was quite large, with enough room for a table, desk, two double beds, and a baby crib (a big pack and play that the hotel provided free of charge). It also had a large bathroom and a small balcony with great views of the city. At least for the room we stayed in, it was much bigger than your typical European hotel. Most importantly, the hotel is in the center of the city, with everything that you would want to see a very manageable distance away. We walked everywhere from the hotel, we didn't take a cab, bus or subway our entire time in Madrid - that is how central it is. There also is a large grocery store a block away, for those of you who like to save a bit of money here and there (or need diapers and milk!)I've read a few reviews here which complained about the noise from the street, but as you are staying on one of the most busy streets in one of the busiest capital cities in the world - the noise is expected, and it didn't interrupt our sleep in the slightest.There also is a bar on the top floor, which was a nice place to sit and relax, but we didn't eat breakfast at the hotel, so I can't comment on that.We also took the free shuttle from the airport, and although the driver was a bit late, it worked out well. I believe there is a charge to take the shuttle from the hotel, though.Overall, this was a great hotel. Thanks to the other commenter's who recommended it - The Hotel Atlantico deserves its high ranking.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Joseph_UK
<Content>Great hotel My wife and I stayed in the hotel for 5 nights during the Christmas period. The hotel has excellent location in the centre of Madrid within walking distance of all major tourist sites in Madrid and the metro station is opposite the hotel. The men in the reception are very nice and helpful. The room and the bathroom were large, very clean and well maintained. The buffet breakfast was excellent and a great value for money. No wonder this hotel is listed by tripadvisor.co.uk as No.1 in Madrid.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>revproj
<Content>Recommended for first time visitors to Madrid       Standard room setup  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hifigw
<Content>A fantastic capital city hotel Just one night, but what a great hotel, read some of the other reviews on various sights and I can say this was the best major city hotel I have stayed in. Its beautiful to look at in a perfect position for central Madrid. The rooms were extremely clean bright and decorated to a very high standard. Great value.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ladeela
<Content>great hotel my daughter and i stayed for here for 5 nights in mid-december (we also spent 2 nights at the NH Nacional near the 3 major museums and atocha train station). the atlantico location is great if you want to be within walking distance (perhaps 20 minutes to the prado and royal palace...the hotel is in between) of all of the major tourist sights (a metro stop is outside the door if you want to take that). the area is fine and safe (about 2 blocks from the puerta del sol); we didn't see any street walkers. a huge dept store with a basement supermarket and travel agency (3rd floor?) is across the street. a famous chocolate and churros restaurant valor is a block away.the men in reception were very nice and helpful (i'm sure i drove them crazy with all of my questions). we had a large twin bed room with balcony (too cold to sit out there), with a huge marble bathroom (two sinks) and one of the best showers (in fact 2 shower heads...a fixed and a handheld) we've ever had. a deep bathtub too (it was a combo). best of all, the shower door went all the way across, unlike most other shower doors in spain which are only 1/2 the length of the tub so you freeze. the beds and pillows were extremely comfortable. the heating was adjustable in our room and worked perfectly (we like it warm as we're from a warm climate). there was one hairdryer in the bedroom and one in the bathroom (the one in the bedroom was better). radios were built into the bedroom and bathroom walls. i've stayed in 5 star hotels around the world and this hotel was just as good for our vacation needs. they even supplied bathrobes and slippers. the top floor has nice comfy public lounge areas. i think that the hotel supplies free coffee all day.our 7th floor end of the corridor room was on a side street and quiet thanks to the double pane windows and a blackout shutter. we didn't hear noise from neighboring rooms (maybe no one was next to us). the hotel is immaculate and well cared for.the breakfast buffet was one of the best in spain and at 9 euros very reasonably priced (eggs, cereal, yogurt, fruit, cold cuts, cheese, rolls, pastries etc). you can pay for the days you eat there. it is impossible to find american style breakfasts in spain, except at the hotels...the spanish restaurants that are open only serve pastries or bocadillos (little sandwiches) for breakfast.my only complaint about the hotel: for some strange reason it had rough toilet paper (worse than any other hotel and we stayed in 6 in spain)!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sthomson1987
<Content>Good, but is definitely 3-star accomodation. My girlfriend and I stayed at the Hotel Atlantico over new year 2008, whilst visiting friends. We picked it because the reviews on tripadvisor were good and it has an EXCELLENT location. If this is your first time to Madrid you could do a lot worse than pick here. It is about 20 yards from Callao metro station, and has a huge sign that you can see from the other end of Gran Via should be lost after a night in the tapas bars!I also picked it because it was listed by Hotels.com as 4 stars. It however is not, it is only 3 stars. Therefore my expectations were a lot higher than what was present. The reception staff, all male and slightly intimidating, were in reality quite pleasant, and the hotel has a beautiful exterior. Our room was on the fourth floor, to the rear of the property. Because we were to the rear there was practically no natural sunlight coming into the room (we looked onto an internal courtyard, rather than a street). A upside was no street noise, however the cleaners cupboard was directly across from us, and they seem to have a habit of bringing their children to work and letting them run around making noise! Also they did seem to enjoy a good gossip outside our room, which did disturb many an afternoon siesta.The room was also very small, much smaller than the ones in the pictures on the website. and our bathroom, whilst clean and well-maintained, was garishly decorated with deep blue, which was an affront to the eyes.But we have to be fair, some things were good. Your own slippers and bathrobe is usually unheard of in a 3 star hotel, as is chocolates on your pillows every day, but the hotel atlantico has them. Also the cleaners did an excellent job dealing with the state of our room after we stumbled out after a long night on the sangria! We didn't take breakfast although 9 euros is not too bad a cost if you're desperate (though there are plentiful cafes nearby). The staff were very helpful when we asked for recommendations and they organised our transport to the airport for us. Also if you depart during the day, there's a airport bus which costs 6 euros which picks you up from the hotel. When we left at 5am, we had to get a taxi which cost 40 euros, so if you get cheap flights in the morning remember to factor in that cost!In conclusion, there are far worse hotels in the world, however at 拢110 a night (albeit over new year) it was not value for money. In my opinion this hotel would be value for money at around 拢70-75 a night, and if you get a deal as such you should snap it up! Also first time travellers will love the location on the Gran Via, about 10 minutes walk from anywhere that is worth seeing in central madrid! We will not be going back, but this is as much due to Madrid's excellent Metro system, which has prompted us to check out hotels on the outskirts for our next trip, as well as a not entirely happy experience. I would like to repeat that our unhappiness is not a reflection on the hotel per se but rather that we believed it was a 4-star when really it was a 3 star, and we we charged 4-star prices for it.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Pinky_and_Brain
<Content>3 star hotel with 4 star quality....if only all Best Westerns were like this !!       Bathroom amenities  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	2	5	1	

<Author>comedypilot
<Content>great hotel pity about the street walkers! We have just returned from a two night stay at this hotel and found the room small but clean and although overlooking the road, five floors up, the noise with the windows shut was minimal. Very comfy bed, nice decorated bathroom and gorgous public areas with friendly attentive staff. We discovered at airport there was a shuttle bus which leaves at 1pm and is free although there is a charge for the return journey and this actually left at 1.30pm, so maybe the guy at info desk had it wrong. If you able to catch it , it goes from ground floor in a rank near the exit to the main road. Never had breakfast as within yards there are many breakfast cafes which seem to have quite a selection. Location is perfect although despite the grand building, the entrance is relatively small and easy to miss. Biggest complaint is that after about 11pm on returning each night to hotel, street hookers seem to hang around entrance and they are not backward in coming forward, despite being in a obvious couple.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pelicantilos
<Content>Excellent, efficient  My wife and I stayed here for four nights last week.Despite previous reviews which mentioned excessive traffic noise, our room (610) was reasonably quiet even though it overlooked Gran Via. The room was double-glazed and had sound-proofing curtains. We certainly had no trouble sleeping! My only criticism of the room is that the bathroom window had no curtain which meant we were overlooked by staff in an office block across the road!!The hotel is clean and all the staff which we dealt with were friendly and effecient. Breakfast at 9 euros per head wasn't cheap, particularly in view of the current pound/euro exchange rate, but was reasonable value for money.The hotel is a 2 minute walk from Callao station (Metro) and is within easy walking distance of all city centre attractions - Prado and Reina Sofia museums etc - and several excellent restaurants and tapas bars around Plaza Santa Ana.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>charliedon
<Content>nice hotel shame about the room soundproofing stayed two nights at the start of December.Good room great shower but terrible sound proofing between rooms heard next door run his bath.Also a lot of noise in the corridor. Still great location right outside the metro. watch the ripoff artists in the resturants at the plaza mayor we found some lovely local tapas bars around the La Latina area which is still only two metro stops from the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Palpy
<Content>Best Western at its best I booked 5 rooms as 10 of us went to Madrid for a long weekend. We were lucky enough to catch the free shuttle bus from the airport even though it should of left at 1.00pm the hotel got the driver to wait 15 minutes for us.When we arrived at the hotel we were informed that we had all been upgraded which was a lovely surprise, we spent the first 10 minutes touring each others rooms. 2 couples had rooms overlooking the side street and did suffer from road noise the first night. Breakfast was well worth the 9 euro's and the waiting staff very friendly. If the weather is good do go out on the terraces on the 9th floor . The hotel was spotlessly clean and all the lovely tapestry's around make it full like you are in a stately home. If I go back to Madrid I would stay at the Atlantico again.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marmottrip
<Content>Wow! what a pleasant surprise in Madrid Surprised how nice this place was. It is the best Best Westernthat we have ever stayed at. Historic building on Gran ViaThe room was large ultra clean and modern. Huge well appointedbath that my wife loved.The upstairs bar lounge and terrace is magnificent.The only drawback is street noise from the busy Gran Via.This was solved somewhat by keeping the windows shut atnight. The staff was friendly and helpful,since the hotel wasnot full they upgraded our room without us even asking.Location in central Madrid was an easy walk to Prado Museumand park.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jtimhall
<Content>Very Nice, not "Great" Hotel       Nice Sized and Decorated Room  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	2	

<Author>MichaelMorrison
<Content>Still the King I stayed 3 nights at the Atlantico in November, 2008. This was my 2nd stay, as I also stayed here in 2006.This hotel gets tons of positive reviews, so I'll just mention a couple things.When I checked in I was given a small room next to the elevator. Being a veteran traveler with 12 trips to Europe under my belt, I know these kind of rooms can be the kiss of death (elevator noise, people laughing and talking as they come out of the elevator, etc.) But you know what? I could barely hear anything. The soundproofing is that good. However my room wasn't on the street so I can't comment on street noise.My room was small but recently renovated. For one person it was fine. I think it was intended only to be sold as a single. However if 2 people were in there it could be hairy.The buffet breakfast is a little lacking, same as last time (2006). But it's too convenient to pass up so I did it all 3 mornings (9 euros).I would stay here again. Can't beat the location.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rcvan1981
<Content>Great Hotel in Great Location The hotel is located in a safe area within walking a twenty minute walk to nearly any of Madrid's main tourist destinations. The room was very clean and quiet. The staff was friendly and multilingual. The Callao Metro station is a one-minute walk away. We stayed in several hotels throughout Spain during our trip and probably found the room here to be the best.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>monarchtravel
<Content>Wonderful Hotel - But Beware of Traffic Noise This hotel was beautiful and the people very friendly and helpful to us, but we were on the 8th floor facing the Grand Via, which is an extremely busy street and we heard horns and sirens all night until probably 6:00a.m. I wore ear plugs the last night and then was able to sleep through the night. Very comfortable bed and beautiful large bathroom which was the nicest we had in our stay throughout Spain. I would highly recommend this if you are aware of the noise. Don't bother with the breakfast though, as it is way over priced for what you get. The roof top bar was pleasant even though in November it was a little chilly.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ksiddel
<Content>Great Location-Nice Hotel Great location in the city center. Close to several Metro stops. The Gand Via stop will take you direct to the station for which the trains depart to other parts of spain and beyond. Lots of choices for restuarnts and shopping. Walking distance to many of the major attractions if not take Metro.Nice bed, great shower, toilet and bidet. Room had robes and slippers. Although our room faced the street they had a electric window shutter which not only blocked the light but most of the noise as well.The staff was stuffy like you would expect to find at a five star hotel but this was closer 3-4 star.They again advertise high speed internet and wifi but there is no such thing there. The wifi doesn鈥檛 work in the rooms and the cable brings you connection speed close to dial up.Not a typical Best Western you would find in the states. Don't let the name scare you.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>markfranks
<Content>Disappointing My wife and I stayed at the Best Western Atlantico on 20th-22nd November. We chose this hotel on the basis of the reviews on tripadvisor, but our personal experience did not match up with what the other reviews had led us to expect.We arrived from the airport at about midnight on our first night. The gentleman at reception did not have a lot to say 鈥?he did not tell us our room number, where the lifts were, or what time breakfast was, for instance 鈥?but maybe he wasn鈥檛 that confident speaking English. When we got to our room (room 315) it was a huge disappointment compared to what we had read about on tripadvisor. The room and bathroom had clearly not been refurbished in about 30 years as the d茅cor was very 1970s, the furniture was a bit shabby, and the room was generally dingy and quite cramped. We also had two single beds, having requested a double when we booked. We asked to move to another room, but were told there were none available, and were told that we there were no other rooms left because we had arrived late (not really an excuse for giving us a substandard room as far as I鈥檓 concerned 鈥?we had booked and paid about 6 weeks earlier, and the hotel knew we were coming).The next morning we arranged to be moved to a double room. It was not ready when we went out for the day, but they moved our bags for us with no problems, and we could finally see some basis for the positive reviews. The room, again, was not huge. But it was better laid out than the previous one and the d茅cor was fresh and modern and the bathroom very nicely done. Unfortunately, just before going out for the evening we noticed that the sheets on our bed were damp, and we asked for reception to change them while we were out. They didn鈥檛 apologise, but said they would deal with it.When we returned to the room the sheets apparently had been changed, but when we got into bed the sheets were still damp, but in a different part of the bed. I don鈥檛 know whether this is because (a) they put the same sheets back on, (b) they put some different sheets on, which were also damp or (c) there was something else making the bed or mattress damp. Anyway, it was after midnight at this point and we just wanted to sleep and didn鈥檛 want the hassle of complaining again, so I spent the night sleeping on slightly damp sheets.The buffet breakfast was ok. Reasonably priced as these things go and with a reasonable selection, but some items ran out.So overall, not an enjoyable experience. Positives were: the niceness of the second room, damp sheets aside; the bathroom came equipped with many toiletries; the location (couldn鈥檛 be more central); and the hotel looked after our bags for a few hours after we checked out.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>BruceKR
<Content>An awesome value! This property is an amazing value in a fantastic location. Our room was very clean. The opulent marble bathroom reminded us of the Venetian Hotel in Las Vegas. The location is perfect - you can walk to everything in old Madrid - even to the Prado Museum. The Gran Via subway stop is 2 minutes away. The breakfast buffet may be a bit pricey at 9 euros, but is is very convenient and complete, especially if you plan on a big breakfast.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bucko28
<Content>Amazing Hotel In An Amazing City My wife and I just returned home from Madrid where we went for 3 days after our Mediterranean Cruise. We stayed at the Hotel Atlantico based on the wonderful experiences we've had with other hotels rated Number 1 on TripAdvisor. This property is truly a winner. Centrally located (a 5 minute stroll to Plaza del Sol, and 10 minutes to Plaza Mayor), with wonderful restaurants nearby (don't miss La Baraca for the best paella in town), and a tremendous Flamenco show only a block away. Be prepared to stay up late as this city comes to life AFTER 10 pm even on a weeknight.The hotel offers so many amenities I doubt I can remember them all. From 2 hairblowers (one in the bathroom and one at the desk in the room), to a toothbrush with toothpaste, a comb, a shoeshine kit, a sewing kit, shampoo, cologne (for men and women), lotion, a safe, a razor with shaving cream and an iron. The beds are comfortable and the shades block out the sun and the sounds from the street below. We were in room 807 which had 2 balconies, although one was tiny, both afforded wonderful views of the city and the street below.Most importantly, the room and all of the public areas were immaculate. The service people were friendly and the front desk personnel all spoke English. Their recommendations for places to dine left us wanting to stay longer and experience more.We took advantage of the hop on hop off buses for sightseeing and found that to be the best way to view the city by day. At night we walked to the plazas tasting tapas along the way.I really would like to thank Eduardo (front desk) who claimed to have the best sense of humor in Madrid. Don't miss this place if your planning a visit to Madrid  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SwissT88
<Content>Great Experience Wonderful room for price !! Lots of space. Balcony room on the 7th floor. Busy street --get room in back or side. Near so much --walking promades abound, only used Hop-on-Hop off to get to distant sites.Great staff and acurate info.Shuttle to hotel was a plus.Breakfast buffet lovely for 9 euros.Lots of eateries near---plus Starbucks and familiar eateries for the faint of heart travelers.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ftmiii
<Content>Best value in Madrid Great location, helpful staff, comfortable beds, and clean rooms.We arrived in the morning and were allowed to check into our rooms. The staff couldn't have been more pleasant.It is close to everything. Don't miss this place.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lacuadra
<Content>Location, Location, Location (peace and quiet) The Hotel is superbly located and very clean. The staff was very helpful and everthing was in place.metro is right around the corner and even though is on Gran Via,it is very quiet.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Messsiah
<Content>Madrids finest hotel TO put it simply, this is the best hotel one can stay at, when visiting Madrid.The location is just perfect. Set right in the heart of the main street ( Gran Vue ), it is within touching distance of many food chains ( both Spanish and fast food ), cinemas, shops, theatre, clubs...everything.We could walk out of the hotel at any time of night, and buy things, it was perfect.The hotel itself, is magnificent. Clean, compact, polite.We had a room on the 8th floor, with a great view of the Gran Vue from our balcony. The bathroom is huge, and enough space in the bath for 2.Really enjoyed our stay here, highely recommended.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FCUnitedOfManchester
<Content>Deserves its number one rating in Madrid. It's Excellent. This hotel is perfect as a base for exploring Madrid.Location - Right opposite the metro and bang in the centre of the city. Its about 25mins from the airport on the Madrids excellent metro system, for about 2 -3 euro's.Room - Lovely. Spotlessly clean and well furnished. Shutters do a great job of reducing the city lights and noise at night.Breakfast - may not be the largest selection i've seen for a buffet, but at 9 euros its very reasonably priced, and should fill you up for a good days sight seeing.Staff - all the ones we met were really friendly and helpful.We got a good rate booking through hotels.com. A cracking hotel all round.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>banbridgebhoy
<Content>haloween in Madrid stayed for 4 nights at the Atlantico in Madrid. Beautiful hotel in superb location on the Gran Via. Clean rooms with the best shower you will ever see! Lovely bar/ terrace on the 9th floor. Location is perfect, within walking distance of many attractions/bars  restaurants. Overall a lovely stay in a great hotel in a beautiful city.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>NealR2000
<Content>Exellent The location is terrific, as you are right in the thick of Madrid's center. This makes it easy for frequent stops during your day, to drop off shopping, etc. The staff and very helpful. All in all, a very good tourist hotel.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gordonl
<Content>Prime location, noise the only problem Prime location on the Gran Via, right next to a metro station. Ideal for airport transfer and all the sights of Madrid.Made very welcome by all of the english speaking reception staff. Rooms were quite small, but understandable for the location. Good bathroom.The only minor problem was the road noise on Gran Via. It was very loud throught the day and night. Closing the window did shut it out completely, however, and there was air-con. I'm sure you could get a room not overlooking the road is you needed as well.Highly recommended, will stay again next time.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ScotiaJen
<Content>Stay for the shower We stayed here for 4 days in October. The location is great and we walked everywhere. Even with the windows and shutters closed you will hear some street noise but this is to be expected when staying on a busy road in a large city. Our room was clean and comfortable and the shower had the best water pressure of any hotel I have ever stayed. As promised a wide array of products are also provided from slippers to toothbrushes. One strange thing though was of our 4 nights we only had turndown service with a chocolate on our pillows once.I would be happy to stay at this hotel again on a future trip to madrid.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>FelixStowe10
<Content>Caring staff and a great location I cannot praise the staff at the Atlantico more highly. Having had my wallet stolen on arrival in Madrid the hotel staff helped me with cancelling my cards and then gave us an upgraded room and free drink by way of compensation.The room was indeed excellent although I am sure the standard rooms would be equally good.The breakfast buffet is good too with friendly attentive staff and a good range of food options are provided.In terms of location it is well placed being roughly midway between the Palace in the Old Madrid quarter and the art galleries like the Prado towards the West. All areas are reasonably accessible by foot.Finally we found an excellent restaurant called I think Glora de Montera (or similar). It isn麓t far (5mins walk) and is West from the hotel, along the Gran Via and then slightly right when you get to the Telephonica. It opens at 8:30 and the food is well cooked and amazingly good value. It looks very new so you might not find it in the guide books. Think the street is Calle de Caballero de Gracia. Please try it and keep it open until we return.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>althej
<Content>Excellent Rooms My wife and I had a 3 night stay at the Best Western Atlantico (Room 708) and were (overall) very impressed by the hotel. The staff were all very friendly and helpful when required. The main downsides that we would make comment on are: 1. External Noise (we didn't realise Madrid was so busy, but noise is not the hotel's fault and the black-out shutters and double glazing do keep out the majority of the noise). and 2. The breakfast - although there is a good, wide choice we felt that the cooked parts (bacon, eggs etc) could be kept at a much higher temperature, as even early in the morning most of these were only luke-warm. Also, we felt that the bacon should be cooked much more as it was almost raw - this may be an British thing though!. We also understood that there would be in-room tea and coffee making facilities - which there were not. This would have been most welcome. One other point is that we felt the number of channels on the TV was limited and could perhaps provide more English channels. We did however feel that the 9th floor bar and terrace were excellent - although the weather had turned just as we arrived and we could not sit outside. I can imagine the terrace would be fantastic in good warm weather. The hotel was centrally situated and we used the Metro to get around - as well as walking many a mile. We highly recommend the Metro - cheap, very clean and easy to use - don't bother with taxis as it would be quicker to walk. So, the Hotel Atlantico comes highly recommended by us, and we would definitely stay there again if we went back to Madrid. Alan  Julie Johnson, Kent, UK  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Steve_DC
<Content>A fine hotel, right on the main commercial street of Madrid Chose this hotel relying on very favorable reviews seen here and was not the least disappointed. A very nice little continental breakfast is included with the price, making it a good deal.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nomad633
<Content>Very Nice Hotel with an Excellent Location This hotel is very conveniently located to the Plaza Del Sol, museums, and other attractions. If you had only one night to stay in Madrid as I did, it is perfect. The staff is friendly, there is a shuttle that can take you to the airport, and there is a breakfast option. I would stay there again if I were to come through Madrid.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>walshsa
<Content>Best Western Atlantico Hotel Fantastic hotel , spotless , friendly , perfect location and above expectations . All the reviews I read on Trip Advisor were right , a wonderful base to see Madrid at the right price .  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lancashire user
<Content>Good hotel but make sure you have a room with shutters We stayed here for 4 nights, including a weekend. Aware of noise in city centres, we still asked for a road facing room in the belief that these rooms had sound reducing shutters on the windows. Unfortunately our room did not have operational shutters so it was noisy all the time. Before booking check your room has shutters or ask for a room that faces the side street or inwards if noise is an issue for you. This is the only adverse comment we would make. Our room was big, well appointed and clean. The bathroom had a wide range of toileteries. The 9th floor lounge/bar and the terraces are lovely bright spots allowing you to sit out with a drink or snack and look over the rooftops. The breakfast buffet was varied. All public areas were clean and well furnished.The hotel is well located near the Callao and Gran Via metro stations, though you can easily walk to most of the major attractions. There are numerous restaurants within walking distance.Our room safe went wrong locking our passports inside. There was a quick response from the hotel and we were re-united with our passports in a short time by the maintenance staff who had to dismantle the safe.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>dkr1971
<Content>Nice location and affordable price This hotel is in a great location on the Gran Via. Plaza Mayor is less than 10 minutes away on foot, and the Royal Palace, National Archeology Museum, Prado, and the Park are all within fairly easy walking distance. Staff were friendly, and the bathroom was very clean.There is some noise from the street despite the sound proofed rooms and automatic metal shutters, but after I turned on the air conditioning I couldn't hear it and it was not a problem. I would stay here again if in Madrid.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>eriksu
<Content>REAL ATLANTICO MADRID !! We stayed at the Best Western Atlantico from 6.october until 13.october. We were going to get married in Madrid and tried to find a nice hotel not to far away from the Embassy. We were not disappointed. Atlantico is a great hotel, We paid 135EUR/night incl breakfast buffet and thats not bad in a town like Madrid.Very nice room ( 512), very clean, soap,shampoo, +++ included every day. We had a room facing the Gran Via, nice view but a bit noisy . The window + the shutter helped a lot. The breakfast buffet was nice, caotic one day but the other days was very good. Very polite employees, helpful staff at the reception. +++.Fine cafe/bar on the 9.floor. If we'll come back to Madrid again, Hotel Atlantico will be our choice !!Maylen  Erik from Norway  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MTZinzan
<Content>Very good hotel Stayed here Oct 2-4. Booked b ecause #1 on Trip Advisor and do not regret choice. Lovely rooms, nice 9th floor bar, excellent reception staff, good TV-based internet (though mouse control a bit difficult), breakfast adequate but good value at 鈧?. Top class location and still surprisingly peaceful in rooms. Mini-bar very reasonably priced.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pippola
<Content>Simply Perfect       atlantico room 204  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mulgana
<Content>Excellant hotel We stayed at this hotel from the 29th Sept-3rd Oct. The staff were all very curteous, pleasant and helpful. The room although it did not have a view,which we came to appreciate because we had no traffic noise, was spotlessly clean and very well appointed.The breakfast had lots of choice.It is within walking distance of some attractions, and the metro is very close too.We will definately choose this hotel again.Mr  Mrs Gillespie Aberdeen  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>msubulldogtx
<Content>Nice location, Nice rate       Visit Meson de la Tortilla. Good food and good Sangria.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jokero
<Content>Deserves to be No. 1 This is a real little gem and definitely deserves to be No. 1 in Madrid. We stayed at the Atlantico for 3 nights after 3 weeks travelling around Spain and Portugal. Incredibly, it was the cheapest rate we got for the whole trip (in the capital!). The location cannot be beaten - we walked everywhere. All the hotel staff were excellent. The reception staff spoke fluent English which made interactions very smooth.Our room was on the small side (and didn't have any outlook to speak of) but what it lacked in size or outlook it made up for in presentation and comfort. The cleanliness of the hotel is second to none. The entire hotel is immaculate. The bar area on the top floor was terrific. Breakfast was well priced and very good. Overall there was a very warm and friendly atmosphere at the hotel and it seemed packed (but did not detract at all).We certainly got alot more than we paid for.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Prawnlover
<Content>Fantastic hotel! Fabulous location, you really could not get better. Such friendly staff on reception, even asked us what kind of room we fancied when we checked in! We said we didnt mind as long as it was double and he said he had a lovely one for us with great views. The room was gorgeous, great decor, HUGE bathroom and fab views as promised. Couldnt have asked for better for the money.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nicbarr
<Content>Superb!       View from roof top balcony bar  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>landcruiserBJ
<Content>Excellent despite a couple of small issues Overall our two-night stay at Atlantico was first class, it is well located on Grand Via and is staffed by a team that certainly go that extra mile to please - the hotel cleanliness was of the highest possible standard. The lounge and roof terrace situated on the 9th floor are nothing short of amazing and are certainly a must if you stay at Atlantico and wish to relax after a long day on either business or leisure. Our room (701) was not blessed with a view, in fact our only window looked into a brick service shaft, but it was a first class, spotlessly clean, good sized room with the best equipped and presented en-suite arrangement we have ever come across in this standard of hotel. On the downside we availed ourselves of the free shuttle from the airport; regretfully this sub-contracted operation left something to be desired in terms of vehicle quality and the inability of the driver to concentrate on the road instead of talking to an acquaintance in the front passenger seat. The hotel has agreed to take this matter up with the sub-contractor. The second issue concerns the lack of tea or coffee facilities in the rooms, it is explained in the room folder that there is a free tea and coffee room service facility. Unfortunately when we opted to sample this facility there was no room service available, instead we were invited to attend the cafeteria area on the 9th floor. The hotel management have undertaken to investigate this seeming staff shortage. Our verdict is that we would certainly stay at Atlantico again, without hesitation. The Assistant Director immediately acknowledged the only couple of small issues we had and we have every confidence they will be addressed urgently. By the time I arrived home I had constructive email waiting for me regarding the two minor shortfalls I had drawn to their attention When in Madrid, stay at Atlantico, you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WestCoaster31
<Content>Want The Center Of It All? Stay Here The location of this hotel is great. It is kitty corner to a metro station and in the center of it all on Madrid's main drag. Oh my goodness the shopping to be had around this hotel is fantastic. The hotel management is top-notch. They gave my companion and I a much larger room than we had ordered, which was a very kind offering and just showed how dedicated the staff was to making your time in Madrid enjoyable. So we ended up with a big hotel room, overlooking the street and enjoyed our one night in Madrid. This hotel has a patio on it's roof that overlooks the city and main street. It's a lot of fun to go up and get a drink and some food to start the evening off or just to soak up the sights and sounds of Madrid. We, too, used trip advisor to book this hotel and would gladly stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>We-heart-travelling
<Content>Superb hotel, great location, beautiful room We used TripAdvisor to select this hotel, and we were not disappointed!We stayed at Hotel Atlantico during our summer vacation to Europe. dMadrid followed a stay in London, and perhaps that's why the room seemed so marvelous (London hotel rooms are tiny!), but it was truly a treat. We booked a standard room, but still got a king-size be, marble bathroom with all the amenities (including more toiletries than I've ever been given -- comb, shoe polish, emery board, and more!), large closet with ironing board, robes and slippers, and a stocked mini bar. The electronic shutters easily shut out light and noise. The only downside was there was little ventilation in the bathroom, and opening the windows was pointless with the shutters down, but they provided the only privacy in the bath. So it was either remain hot and humid post-shower (especially when one's spouse is still sleeping, so one does not want to bathe him in the light, heat, and noise from the bathroom) or throw modesty literally out the window.This is more of a note than a negative, since I noticed this other places in Spain, as well, not just this hotel. We had brought a voltage converter for some personal electronics. This worked fine in the UK, but when we arrived in Madrid and I tried to plug in my straightening iron, I noticed that the outlet was recessed about 3/4 into the wall. As such, my converter (with its large box) would not fit. What I needed was a plug adapter that could have gone into the wall and stuck out of the recess, then plugged my converter into that, and the item into that. Not to say this all wouldn't have been too heavy and fell out of the socket, but that would have been my only hope. As such, my hair was in ponytails all trip. But there is a hair dryer in the bathroom, as well as a US prong shaving port, so the hubby didn't go scruffy.The location was great. Right on Gran Via, and in the middle of things. An easy walk to anywhere in historic Madrid. Plenty of restaurants nearby, as well as shopping and banks. Near several cinemas, as well.The rooftop terrace (or terraces, as we found out -- try to find the hidden ones!), were fabulous. The bar and barkeep were also wonderful. A great place to enjoy the city, once things have cooled off a bit. Great for socializing, or for playing cards.The front desk was very helpful, too. There is a shuttle to the airport, but at limited times. But the clerk arranged for a cab to pick us up, with no problems.Overall, this hotel can't be beat. Between the room and amenities, the location, the service, and the reasonable price, it's no wonder this is ranked the #1 hotel in Madrid!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>epweber
<Content>Absolutely Perfect Hotel and Location That's why we read the reviews and it was all it should be. Superb location, great staff, very large and spotlessly clean rooms, great value for the money. The terrace is spectacular and the hotel is housed in a fabulous building right on the Grand Via. No dissapointments here.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Harborcat
<Content>A Wonderful Time Everything about the Atlantico was more than satisfactory from efficient check in to efficient check out. The staff was polite and professional and multilingual. Breakfast was very good. Room was small but clean and well appointed. Would certainly return.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>al-the-flower
<Content>spot on recently returned from a short break at the Atlantico room 205 7-10 September.sorry if I sound like a recorded message but all the positive things that you have read from other reviewers are spot on.from check in to check out , we just could not fault this hotel.We suspect we were upgraded , but this was not made 100%clear at check in.the room overlooked Gran Via , a sure recipe for noise problems you would think , but with the electronic shutters down and the doors to the balcony closed , barely a peep.Air-con kept the room at a perfect temperature.The room itself was a good size , plenty of storage space and the iron and ironing board actually existed (how often have beentold this and then have to ask at reception for them)?Nice marble bathroom , double basins etc. best range of toiletries we've seen in a long time , replenished as needed , bathrobes and slippers.Breakfast was a steal at 9 euros,all in all a great stay.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>naplesflyer
<Content>loved the hotel We stayed at the Hotel Atlantico at the beginning of September. The Hotel was great and clean. The roof terrace, something to use, got us away from the hustle and bustle of a big city. The staff were most helpful. It is difficult to find a decent sized room for three adults but the Atlantico provided a well apportioned room with a small balcony and a fantastic view. I would certainly go there again.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ej-7
<Content>Great hotel I stayed at this hotel for two nights in August 08 and couldn't have been happier with the choice. The hotel is in a fantastic location - right on the Gran Via - so it is very easy to walk to most of the main sites. Despite being on the main thoroughfare of the city, I didn't find it noisy at all. The standard of accommodation was high, the reception staff were very friendly and polite and breakfast was plentiful. The best feature of the hotel was definitely the bar on the 9th floor with its beautiful view over Madrid.I found a really good deal on Expedia - excellent value - so check this out before booking!I would highly recommend this hotel for anyone travelling to Madrid on a city break or business.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>chrisro55
<Content>Outstanding Hotel       View of the Gran Via from room  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MartinCat
<Content>Flying Visit       Bedroom  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>CaTraveler72
<Content>Ideal Home Base in Madrid Our memorable stay began with a ride on the complimentary shuttle from the airport. Check in took a few extra moments because of our changes from the reservations, but Oscar at the front desk made sure we had exactly the rooms we needed.  Our 10 family members stayed in 4 different rooms, and all were clean, spacious, and perfectly comfortable. The entire hotel was extremely well maintained, and especially the beautiful 9th floor looked brand new. We visited the 9th floor many times during our 3 night stay. Carmen served us drinks on the balcony, along with bowls of chips and olives and nuts. While service in the rest of Madrid was lacking, Carmen was very attentive and pleasant. The balcony also had a tower with fabulous 360 degree views of Madrid. During the day, the 9th floor was a quiet retreat for reading and relaxing.  The in-room flat screen TV was perfect for watching the Olympics. Front desk staff made excellent recommendations for restaurants and gave good driving directions as well.We really appreciated the attention to detail at this fine hotel and hope to return.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>djhall1
<Content>Fantastic Atlantico! We stayed here between 7 August 2008 and 14 August.Our triple room was 1st class.The bathroom was excellent with a wonderful power shower.The service from the front desk was exceptional -good English is spoken and nothing too much trouble.The hotel is situated centre of town in Grand Via -rooms are soundproof with good air -con.Breakfast was 9 euros each extra and a bit hit and miss but the Zafira Cafe across the road was about 3 euros each for coffee and cooked breakfast.There is a pleasant bar / reading area on floor 9 with free coffee.Downside of rooms were no coffee making facilities.Eating out can be expensive (recommend Momo in C.Libertad who have 3 courses,plus drink and bread for 15 euros).Good shopping nearby and Retiro Park is close and great to unwind in the hot day.Overall -a great place to stay with excellent service!!!!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>sunflowersusan
<Content>Good stay at the Atlantico We stayed at the Atlantico in a triple room for 3 nights in August and found it to be just as most reviewers here have described it - comfortable, clean  reasonably priced.The reception staff are very efficient and their English faultless. i wouldn't describe them as chatty but it just isn't that type of hotel. Everything is very business like. Our room was on the main road and the shutters did an amazing job of shutting out ALL the light. It wasn't completely soundproof but pretty good, and the aircon was fine.We loved the internet connection on the flat screen TV which cost a reasonable 8.5 euros for 24 hours and the satellite TV meant we didn;t miss out on Olympic action. Shower was great too. The hotel is near 3 different metro stops, all on different lines but to be honest, most places (galleries, palace, plaza de mayor) are walkable and at first we found ourselves going out of the way to get on the metro! If you fancy a swim, there are 2 outdoor pools (one Olympic size) at Lago, which is just 2 metro stops if you get on at Plaza de Espana at the bottom of Gran Via. They are unheated but were great in the August sun and we went twice.The only complaint i have about the hotel is that there was no room service, in spite of the information book stating there was and it would have been great to have had coffee in the room. Can't comment on the food as we didn't eat here at all - there is so much choice ouside!I would definitely recommend this hotel and will be staying here again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	5	

<Author>prever
<Content>Very nice and clean hotel       Again the 9th floor  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>neetie36
<Content>Excellent Hotel We stayed at the best Western Atlantico at the end of July. We arrived at the airport in time to catch the shuttle bus to the hotel. The driver was very helpful and was explaining different sights to the two other passangers as they were spanish. When we arrived at the hotel the receptionist was very helpful and spoke very good english. We had requested a quiet room and that was acknowledge. The room was very spacious, the only problem that we found was the walls were quite thin and we could hear the guests in the room next to us in the early hours. The hotel was air conditioned which was very nice as one day the temp got to 116 degrees. The roof top terrace on the 9th floor was lovely and it had great views of the capital. I would recommed this hotel to my friends and stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>CazGor
<Content>Great Hotel       9th floor terrace  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CanadianBoys
<Content>Loved it - Great Hotel We stayed 7 nights first week of July and wished we could have stayed longer. We had room 704, a corner room with 2 double beds with larger curved balcony facing Gran Via. The room was amazing. Beds were great, amenities plentiful, huge shower with multiple spray nozzles room for 2 people, and room appointment better than most 41/2-5* hotels in North America. 2 metro stops (different lines) a few hundred feet away in either directly. Tons of shops, restaurants below and adjacent. Great central position in Madrid , close to everything. Front desk staff very accommodating, discreet and tactful. Top floor lounges areas are so great - what a place for a Wedding Reception...they have food capability. We enjoyed several glasses of wine up there overlooking the City - and o course a bottle or 2 of Rioja on our great balcony. Loved the housecoats and slippers...and other neat touches. The hotel is a bargain - and we watching 3 older American women have the font desk try to change their flight plans to stay extra days in the hotel and Madrid - but hotel was fully booked so they went home. Book early, ask for room with balcony facing the Gran Via - windows are solid - you will not hear a thing...blinds provide total blackout etc. Like other reviewers - we want to go back to Madrid and will definitely stay at the BW Atlantico again.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>possiblyaprincess
<Content>Fabulous hotel This was the first hotel I've booked via this site and it was just terrific. The location, staff, terrace bar, bedroom, bathroom were all outstanding. Our room was quiet, cool and clean. Fabulous.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SherwoodSal
<Content>Great Value This is a bright, modern, clean hotel close to the Callao metro station. Our room was spacious and well appointed. It had a clean, modern bathroom, stocked with everything a traveller might need and an iron and ironing-board were also supplied. We didn't experience any disturbance from the traffic outside, but some light sleepers might have problems on very noisy nights. The hotel lift was small but very efficient and the top floor of the hotel had a terrace bar with a view. Guests could have free coffee here (or in their rooms) and use the free wi-fi connection. The first floor breakfast room was very pleasant and had a good view of the street outside. Breakfast was reasonably good for Spain. There is only one big disadvantage for independent travellers. The hotel is situated on a busy main road, the Gran Via, and has neither parking nor a drop-off zone. There is a nearby public car park, but it is rather expensive at 25 Euros per day. There is no other option for car travellers. Other than that, this was very good value for a capital city hotel.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>M0kka
<Content>Breath Madrid We were pleasantly surprised by the hotel room, and this was in line with most of the reviews we read on tripadvisor. The room we had on the 6th floor was very clean, and larger than the average room. The bathroom is top, and includes all necessary amenities. We could see on the map that all hotel rooms have a different size. Some are faced to the street, some are facing the interior of the hotel. The location of the hotel is splendid. You have direct access to the underground (Callao station), and you are within walking distance of the Madrid central square. However you have to get used to the noise of the city centre, which is similar in Paris or London. Some nights were noisy, not only because of the traffic, but also because of ongoing construction across the street. Also we could hear the people next door go in the shower in the morning. An group of american youngsters kept the place busy and noisy during the night. Breakfast is good value for money, and worth the 9 Euro's, but we also went for breakfast in the city centre. Most staff is friendly, certainly when you try your best spanish. On the top floor are 2 outside terraces, with a nice view of the city. During summer (it was 33 degrees when we were there), you can sit there from 7 pm. Prices of drinks are affordable, and I also think that the prices of the minibar are reasonable. We took the underground from the airport to the hotel. It is feasible if you don't have too much luggage, because you need to change 3 times. The hotel bus is 6 Euro per person and goes about 6 times per day to the airport.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>APCCPA
<Content>Wonderful Hotel in a Central Location My wife and I were in Madrid April 18 - 26, visiting our daughter during her semester in Spain. We chose the hotel based on other parents' recommendations and the reviews on TripAdvisor.com . The hotel is very clean, well-decorated, and surprisingly quiet for its location on Gran Via, near the Callao metro stop. The staff is very accommodating in any language. We had Room 801, which had been renovated within the past few months. A new HD television; two firm double beds, walk-in closet, built-in dresser shelves, service refrigerator and safe. Neat gadget that conserves electricity - insert your room card in the slot next to door and leave it there until you exit.A beautiful new bathroom, with double sink, shower/bath with two shower heads, one fixed on the side and the other hand-held, radio, and bidet. Each day the bath was fully stocked with toiletries, including razor and toothbrush.Our room was on an interior air shaft, very quiet and full of light. The windows, when closed blocked all sound and the window treatments were modern and adjustable.We tried the buffet breakfast, which was more bountiful than we wanted. We found numerous local and American chain restaurants within a couple blocks that are open for breakfast and other meals.The front desk and cleaning staff were great. Very patient. They will print airline tickets, provide directions, restaurant suggestions, change, look up information on the Internet. Daughter and grandmother stayed a few weeks later. They had the same room and similar experience.Reasonably priced considering the dollar's fall in value. A wonderful place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>millercgr
<Content>Madrid's excitement at your doorstep The Best Western Atlantico is right on the busiest boulevard in Madrid, Gran Via -- so the location is ideal for nearly anything you want to do. My room, as is usual when traveling solo in Europe, was extremely small with not much of a view. I am giving the hotel an above average rate because the staff was so friendly and accomodating. The staff member at the front desk let me use his personal cell phone to call my bank when I was having trouble dialing on the regular room phone. He even dialed the number for me. Very helpful.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>giraffeoftruth
<Content>Another Atlantico review Well, I was in Madrid for a weekend to do some sightseeing after a work trip so I wanted something reasonable and central. The reviews looked reasonable so i went for the Atlantico, and overall I was not disappointed. The room (double) was small but clean and comfortable. It was a good standard but not exceptional. The deal I had included breakfast which was the normal buffet style, but always useful to get a good meal to start a long day sightseeing.However, for me the two stand out features are the staff and the location. The Gran Via location is near two metro stops,and many sights are within walking distance. The staff were excellent, friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>stephmuil
<Content>A great break We have just returned from a three night stay in Madrid to celebrate my husband's birthday. As older travellers we expect to pay and receive good service. The hotel did not disappoint. From the airport, it did require an active brain as we did not fit in with the timings of the shuttle bus, so it was metro with help from an employee, and a 50 yard walk. The front desk staff were so welcoming, and then so helpful, that it did make our visit feel so easy. Any query was met with politeness  practical assistance. Our room, although without a view, was clean, spacious  comfortable. Our return to the airport was even better . We suspect that we were the only guests to book on the shuttle bus,so we had a taxi instead ( booked  the extra paid for by the hotel). Throughout our stay, the staff were helpful  informative. There is no doubt that next time we visit Madrid we shall stay at this hotel  recommend it to our travelling friends.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Blackout
<Content>Top Notch Spent the last weekend of June at Best Western Atlantico, chosen yet again on the back of Tripadvisor reviews. Superior room was spacious (7mtr x 4.5mtr) and beautifully furnished with replica period pieces.Large bathroom in marble and tile. Good range of toiletries.Room features well reported elsewhere, it would be nit-picking to find fault. Greco-Roman d茅cor throughout hotel common areas complements the stately exterior. From my experience with other Spanish hotels I can safely say Atlantico stands out for two reasons:(a) The staff were genuinely friendly, from doorman Hos茅 to housekeeper Ana to barman Limbo. (b) The very high standard of cleanliness.My recommendations: (1) Gran Via is a hive of activity from mid-day to the early hours. If sleep features on your agenda, request a rear facing room. What it lacks in view is more than made up for by peace and quiet.(2) Breakfast buffet on the 1st floor overlooking the Gran Via is a perfect start to the day and a steal at 鈧?. (3) Find some time for the beautiful 9th floor lounges and terraces. Ideal for the pre-or-post dinner drinks. And if it鈥檚 a view you want climb the spiral staircase into the French Dom.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>busymum50
<Content>Great hotel Beautiful hotel, well located for all Madrids attractions. We had a superior room on 8th floor, it was spotlessly clean. Electric shutters and double glazing kept out most of the traffic noise. Air conditioning worked well. Didn't take the breakfast as there are plenty of cafes nearby. Used the free shuttle bus from the airport and the bus back to the airport at a cost of 6 euros each. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>cwiiss
<Content>Great location, fine hotel We arrived on saturday for a three-days trip in Madrid. Since this was our first time there, we loved the absolute central location of the Best Western Atlantico hotel: in the city center, near the Palace, a few steps away from other touristic areas, we could not find a better place to stay in Madrid.When we checked in, we specifically asked for a room with a view on the street. Based on other reviews on TripAdvisor, we knew that some rooms were built towards a very small brick wall. The map for emergency exit that is displayed in the room made it clear to us that this choice was the good choice. However, you should know that the Municipal Police is very much active in this part of the town, which means that you hear a lot of sirens at any hours on the day or the night. If you care about not being disturbed while sleeping, you should definitively choose a room not facing the street, as this will probably inconvenient you. Also, we booked originally a smoking room. Since none matched the facing the street criteria, we were given a non-smoking room, and were told that this room was equipped with ashtrays, as were all rooms in the hotel. We were kindly asked to smoke on the (small) balcony. We didn't, as we chose to smoke outside the room as to not disturb other guests that would use the room after us, but the policy of the hotel might be worth noticing if you are somehow sensible to the odor of tobacco.The room we booked was a standard room. We were not expecting something big, and we got exactly that. The door opened directly to the bed room (no corridor, the bath room is located on the other end of the room). However, it was comfortable enough to say the we spent two wonderful nights in this hotel. The bed was not too soft, nor too hard: exactly as we wanted it to feel.After we were done with unpacking, we took the elevator up to the hotel bar, located on the ninth floor. Unfortunately, it was not yet opened: the bar is available only from 3pm to 1am (if we remember correctly). We managed to get back to the place when it was opened; the view is not as great as some suggested here (because two many uninteresting buildings on the other side of the street) however the free coffee (you can choose either filter coffee of espresso; we chosed espresso and did not regret it) and the nice weather managed to balance this inconvenient.One thing worth to note is that the booklet left inside the room indicates that you can get a free coffee from the room service at any hour of the day or night. This is a lie, as we learnt by dialing the number shown on the document: the only way to have a coffee is to move to the hotel bar, when it is open.Last but not least, the breakfast was typical from a 3* or 4* hotel. For 9鈧?per person, you get a typical breakfast buffet. Worth to notice is that, although you get your coffee from an automated coffee machine, you can have either filter coffee or espresso. For the price, you also have fresh orange juice; but you have no hot chocolate. If you plan to have breakfast at the hotel, I recommend that you taste the kiwis: those that I eat there were from the most tasty and juicy that I experienced in the last few years.All in all, this hotel is typically not the best hotel down town (it is probably overrated in TripAdvisor, unless ranking reflects the quality over price ratio). Although I can give you a list of better 3* or 4* hotels in the world, the location and friendliness of the staff of the Best Western Atlantico makes it so that I would without hesitation recommend this hotel to anyone that is going to visit Madrid. In three days, we could see a lot of sites, do some shopping, drink and eat without ever using the metro once. At 115鈧?night (booked through Expedia), this is probably the best deal we could find here.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>E_Hemingway
<Content>Another fan Everyone loves this hotel and for good reason. It is in the most central location in Madrid and is a very impressive looking building. Especially at night.The room is of an OK size but had the two single beds pushed together with individual bedding. I won't ever give a hotel a rating of 5 that does this. It is the only reason I gave this a 4.Service is excellent and well above Spanish standards. The hotel is probably the cleanest I have ever seen. i didn't have the breakfast, but at 9 euro it seemed exceedingly good value as it is a buffet. There is a top floor bar and outdoor seating with brilliant views, but seems to close early. But Madrid kicks on all night so head on down the Huertas or Chueca for an all night drink fest.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Calif0rniadreamers
<Content>Terrific hotel, wonderful location, beautiful room Excellent hotel, great location, helpful personnel. We landed in Madrid, took the free hotel shuttle from the airport to the hotel, checked in within 3 minutes of arriving, and entered a room with beautiful decor and a bathroom with double sinks, and many amenities. The hotel is located in the center of town, close to many shops, restaurants, and sites. Even though the hotel is located on the Gran Via, a major Madrid thoroughfare, the room was totally quiet. The breakfast buffet was plentiful. The personnel very helpful and friendly. We have absolutely no complaints about the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Robkuchi
<Content>Great hotel! This has got to be one of the finest hotels in Madrid. Although it was my first stay at a hotel in Madrid, I've been in loads of hotels and this one is definately ranked top 10. Everything matched, location, service, breakfast, room etc. We stayed in room 601 which was equipped for disabled people so that was a bit odd with all the alarm buttons and stuff but it turned out to be very convenient especially with the very large bathroom. Because the room was not on the street side it was very quiet. Breakfast was extensive with excellent coffee machines and a choice of healthy and less healthy foods. Located on the always crowded and noisy Gran Via it was in walking distance of the Plaza Mayor with all the restaurants, the Prado museum as well as the parque del Retiro, the beautiful and relaxing city park.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>travelor1234_8
<Content>Location and charm This location is perfect, sandwiched between two metro lines and an easy walk to the center/tourist area. The hotel is pretty and the room was cute. My only complaint is the hotel's silly policy about not allowing guests to put personal items in the mini-fridge. They actually confiscated my water. Other than that, the hotel staff was nice.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>richgail10
<Content>A wonderful hotel       Lobby  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Diana13
<Content>Okay for a short stay The lobby of this hotel is gorgeous and looks very luxurious and then we get to our room and it's old looking but clean. The maid turns the bed for the evening and leaves a chocolate which was a nice touch. This place is on Grand Via which is a very busy street in Madrid but close to all the main squares and attractions. The price was good so we booked it and were happy we did because of the location.Don't expect Four Seasons or the Ritz but more like a bit better than a typical Holiday Inn. Breakfast is NOT included although they offer it for about 9 euros a person or so. Shuttle bus to and from the airports (6 euros a person). We just took the metro since it was right outside the hotel and took about 30 minutes and cost only 2 euros a person.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>DrSavant
<Content>Nice hotel The hotel is as all the reviews say - very conveniently located, recently renovated, pretty charming.When we got in, we got a room with 2 small beds instead of one. When I complained, we were promised to have the room switched the next morning. Despite being cautious of the famous Spanish manana they did keep their promise, and gave us another room. It was actually smaller, but much quieter as it was not facing Gran Via.Noise could be an issue for some people, so if that is your case, make sure you get a room facing a side street.There is an option of having prepaid breakfasts - it's really not worth it, as the breakfast in the hotel is only 9 euro, which ends up being less than the prepayment amount.Staff is very friendly and very accommodating - a definite thumbs up. The bartender in the upstairs bar was the opposite - pretty rude and condescending.The free welcome drink is a nice touch.If you have a car (the way I did), beware - the parking that the hotel is promoting (it's the next street over), does not accept credit cards and you don't get the discount promised on Best Western's website. There is a parking lot not too far where they do take credit cards - nicely enough it's right next to a building where Victor Hugo lived for a year, back in the 19th century. All the lots in the area seem to have the same pricing strategy - 25,60 euro for 24 hours - I couldn't find anything cheaper, which was within walking distance of the hotel.Also, if you are bothered by the presence of street hookers, Gran Via is not for you - they appear in the afternoon, and they hang out in the vicinity of the hotel until morning.Overall, I would stay in the hotel again, although a larger room would be nice :)  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	2	

<Author>whatuk
<Content>Great place Me and my girlfriend stayed here on a train trip to marrakech.it was the nicest place we stayed at. not speaking much spanish (apart from hola!) the staff were really helpful, booking us into a great restaurant and just making us feel at home.the location is great, the rooms are nice, the staff perfect.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SEG_Canada
<Content>Tiny but nice Stayed in a single room which was teeney tiny but still good. Room had windows but didn't let any light in and couldn't open. But it was quiet since not facing main street. I found the room to be a bit noisy when the neighbours were in the shower. Room was non-smoking, but I thought it was funny that they provided you with 3 ash trays! Very handy safe in room and nice robes. The hotel is in a great location. Right on Gran Via, right across the street from the Metro. Front desk staff was okay.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>prjanet
<Content>Pleasant Stay       Hotel exterior  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>miller931
<Content>Perfect base for Madrid and day-trips       Front of building  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GenGoBlue126
<Content>Definitely not the No. 1 ranked hotel in Madrid but a good 3* hotel. I have to say that I was slightly let-down by this property. I know it was a Best Western, but given all of the amazing reviews, I was expecting more. I read another person's review stating that it was the Best Western they've seen but I'd beg to differ. I've stayed at a Best Western in California that was well better than this one.On the plus side, this hotel is located centrally and there is a tube stop (Gran Via) one minute away. The hotel price is right as well and it was reasonably clean. On the downside, the bed was so uncomfy. You are sleeping on springs! You get a long pillow to share with your partner (no individual pillows) and not a great blanket. There was no great view from our room (room 520). Also, and maybe the worst part, is that the walls are paper thin! You could truly hear everything (showers in the early morning in other rooms, etc).The price was right (paid 235 Euros for 2 nights) but if you want a 4* experience I suggest you look into the Westin Ritz, etc. - - Just about anything by the Prado.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>brillalae
<Content>Stay Away!! Lies upon lies!!! I did thorough research before planning my trip and truly looked forwarded to staying at the Atlantico but was truly disappointed. The hotel is lovely, the ninth floor is fabulous its a great area to wind down after a long day of sight-seeing. But that is where it all ends.I called a week ahead to find out about bull-fighting tickets and was told that the hotel can order tickets for us upon arrival. I get there and ask if someone can order tickets, The clerk Eduardo picked up the phone spoke to someone for two minutes in spanish and simply told us that tickets for the bullfight were completely sold out and gave us the big story how its impossible to get tickets and there was nothing he could do. I asked him is there a ticket place where I can purchase them, he told me no. I walked to another Best Western in the area and told them I was staying at the Atlantico and asked him the same question, he told me to go to a ticket place in the city and I would be able to buy tickets there. I found the place and there were plenty of seats available!! Luckily I didnt give up and watching the bullfight was an amazing experience. Also, when checking out we get a bill for breakfast, we asked why are we getting a bill for breakfast it was included in our package. Alfonso the other clerk simply told us that they sometimes they honor breakfast packages through Expedia.. Sometimes???. and if we had to pay for breakfast why werent we told of this upfront when we arrived. Most hotels do that, why tell a consumer after the fact. Another issue which was minor was wifi access. we were told if we go to the ninth floor there would be access. It didnt work for myself and four other guests. The rooms were cozy however the walls are extremely thin, we spent one night wide awake because the person next door to us was throwing up the entire night. All in all I would say stay someplace else. The fact that the staff didnt make an effort, never telling us upfront about paying for breakfast. and the rooms were never cleaned properly. glasses that we used in the bathroom were never replaced. Everyday we had to ask for new glasses. There are truly better options.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>jbmania
<Content>Surprisingly Great hotel in the best location! (When I got the room, it was ranked the 3rd, but now I see it's at the top deservingly so!!)I just came back from a week trip from Madrid, and all my boyfriend and I talked about all throughout the journey back home was how great the hotel was!Tripadvisors did not disappoint us as usual. I had a bit of reservation with the brand Best Western as it doesn't carry anything near to what I would expect from a nice hotel brand in US. However, I trusted Tripadvisor and there again, another bull's eye! The review was accurate and correct.We booked the room via Expedia and got Superior Room which basically has a double bed than two single beds. My boyfriend requested that we get a room with a King-sized bed with balcony, and the got the response right back saying they cannot guarantee the balcony, but we will definitely get a double bed. When we checked in, they congratulated our anniversary (which he mentioned in the email), and got the room 808, the corner room on the highest floor that has the view of Gran Via (9th floor doesn't have any rooms. Only the lounge and roof-deck). It was a pleasant surprise how big the room was! Also, the bed was definitely not a double-sized bed in American standard. It was a king.The decor was very elegant and the bathroom was huge!! I travel all the time on business and get checked into 5-star hotels all around the world, but this was one of the biggest bathroom i've ever had. Especially for European standard, this was enormous.There was a separate vanity in the room with a separate hairdryer (there was one in the bathroom as well). And the bathroom had an old-style bidet as well as the seatcover (like in public bathroom). To a germiphobic like me, this was a great addition. All the amenities were there and promptly replenished every day. The housekeeping had two services daily and it was impeccable! Also, I liked the fact that they knew that we were in the room though there was no do not distub sign available. Maybe they knew so because the keycard was placed in the entrance card holder. Very nicely sized safe, and two luggage holders, generous closets as well as sleepers and robes were all the signs of the 5-star hotel room. I wouldn't call this hotel 4 star, but the room itself was nothing less than 5-star! The view was great, and since we were located on the higher floor, we didn't have those metal shutters, but still the noise was blocked off with just the windows.The laminated wooden floor was very nice and clean, and something you rarely see in a hotelroom. The staff was helpful and also spoke English. We did have breakfast at the hotel, which was 9 euros per person. It was nothing great or spectacular, but easy enough and also cheap. Compared to what you need to pay outside of the hotel, 9 euros was a steal! They do have the tea time and happy hour on the 9th floor lounge, but I was not too impressed with the service: Probably with the serving staff himself who seemed to have an attitude problem, but we let it go and didn't bother to check back to the lounge. After all, you're in the middle of the city with full of bars and outdoor cafe where you can have a nice sip of wine. So, why would you confine yourself in the hotel lounge?One thing we did notice is that, the demographic of this hotel is quite skewed to the older generation. Maybe because I saw most of the guests in the breakfast which younger people tend to skip. But this is no indication of anything of the hotel quality. I also noticed a couple of business travelers as well.All in all, this was one of the best hotels I've ever stayed. The nice room, housekeeping, the location and the convenience was all there! Enjoy your drinks and meals outside of the hotel then this will truly serve you the best!!!-------  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TravelMike1
<Content>A Fine Place! A very neat  tidy place on the Gran Via in Madrid. The front staff patiently listened to my terrible Spanish then helped me in English. Their desire to be of assistance was clear. A very good buffet at only 10 euros was less than others and also very well presented and managed. My room was very clean, compact but well -engineered (possibly a challenge for larger travelers). On the 4th floor, I heard no noise from other rooms and the windows effectively shut out street noise. Excellent access to multiple Metro stations. Highly recommended. I am a Best Western member and booked through that site which was quite easy (points too!). But I felt the hotel experience was authentically Madrid. For walkers, and you should be one here, may important older districts and museums and galleries are easily accessible. I unfortunately missed the San Isidro celebration due to other demands of the trip--but given the preparations noticeable everywhere it must have been great. Plan for that one! Bien Viajes!  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>smub
<Content>This was the best "Best Western" I've seen After being a bit scarred from severely unmet expectations at our low cost choice, we decided to splurge and looked up the best hotel that we could afford. The price was reasonable (E125 per night plus tax) and the familiarity of th Best Western made us feel comfortable in spending this money. We ran over and took a room for our last 2 nights and 3 days.When we got to the room, we were SO suprised how wonderful it was. A large bed, a partial city view from our 8th floor window (yet teeny balcony), a spotless bathrom with a deep tub and good temperature control in the room. Lots of free extras too like hairdryers, a safe, bathrobes and slippers and turn down service with a chocolate on your pillow. There were also a bunch of extras that were avilable at minimal cost like in-room movies, internet and a mini bar.The location is central, right near the metro and easily accessable to everything. The area is safe yet a bit seedy as we saw the same lady of the evening near the hotel on both our nights. Even so, we had a lovely stay at this hotel and we would encourage everyone to check this place out. It is definitely classier then some of the other Best Westerns that we have stayed at in the US.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>whyone
<Content>Excellent, recently refurbuished hotel I regularly visit Madrid on business and, strangely for such a large city, have struggled to find a hotel which is in all respects 'comfortable'.I found the Atlantico extremely comfortable - my 2nd floor room was clean, recently decorated, quiet, a pleasant temperature  had a very good bed (it was also huge!)Reception/check-out were smooth and hassle free. On check-in, I enquired where the bar was and I was pointed at the 9th floor, complete with a card giving each of my group a complimentary drink.The breakfast room is clean  airy. Breakfast itself is perfectly adequate, but could be al little more interesting. All in all, and excellent hotel and one I am sure I will return to.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>D.C.Lola
<Content>Great Staff and nice hotel! We had 2 rooms at the Atlantico May 1-3 with our little one and my mom. After a long day of travel, the young lady and gentleman at the front desk were very helpful with our luggage and having our rooms available earlier than check in. We were given a triple on the 4th floor, and they had a nice crib set up for us immediately. The room was a bit dated, but with a view of the Gran Via. My mom's room was a single, and a bit small, with no view, but had a double bed and nice bathroom. Both rooms had safes (no cost, electronic combos), TV, piped music, robes, slippers, plenty of toiletries and a mini bar. Our room also had electric shutters which worked miracles!! Neither us, nor the baby, were awakened by Gran Via noise!! Also, I never really heard noise from any of the other rooms around us.The next day, I blew out the fuse in our room, and because there wasn't a maintanence person at the time, the staff immediately moved us to another available room- this time on the 6th floor. It was obviously one of the more remodeled rooms, and really very nice with a very spacious bathroom (nice shower), a large bed and even a nightlight. They moved everything from the crib, to our luggage,and even the stroller, in no time! My mom's room also got turn down service, with chocolates and small perfume bottles...I'm not sure why our room didn't get it, but we didn't mind. They have breakfast which consists of breads, cereals, juice, 2-3 egg dishes, 2-3 meat dishes, cheese, yogurt, fruit, and a self service coffee machine. We arrived late one morning and they were kind enough to still let us in. The hotel has a lovely 9th floor terrace and bar and reading room. Great view of the city and very friendly bar tender. Make sure you go up from the terrace and catch the view from there as well. The location of the hotel is right on the Gran Via, close to Puerta del Sol and Plaza Mayor, Shopping,  El Retiro Park, as well as Metro. There's also an ATM next door and a cafe if you're looking for a quick coffee. If you're heading back late at night, you may see several questionable young ladies (who are we kidding? there really are no questions about what they were doing), and their business managers, but I think that unfortunately, you may find that anywhere in the center of town.What really stood out was the staff. They were fantastic!! They even helped us recover our lost luggage from British Airways. When we ran into trouble at every turn, we went to reception for a phone book in an attempt to contact the airport directly. The gentlemen at reception found the number and started making calls...within 20 minutes, we had a phone call from the airport, our luggage had been found and would be delivered to the hotel that night!!! When we arrived back from dinner, the bellman had delivered the appropriate luggage to each room and notified us as soon as we walked in the door. They were also wonderful in helping us find a place to purchase baby provisions (while waiting on luggage) on a day when most of Madrid was closed.On our day of departure, they helped us with luggage, held it while we did some final exploring and helped us load everything into a rental car. Everyone from the front desk to the chamber maids were wonderful and friendly. We can't wait to visit again!  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NEALBOURNE
<Content>Atlantico....The Best       View From Grand Via  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TMitch6542
<Content>very nice hotel, great location, very accomodating I really enjoyed this hotel. Although on the Gran Via, we didn't find the room noisy at all. The front desk was very hepful at checkin, and informed us of the free shuttle from the airport to the hotel (which we had missed from lack of knowledge) and the 6 Euro shuttle from the hotel back to the airport, which we used. The taxi from the airport is about 25Euro each way, so this service will save you about $80. If you factor this into the room rate, this hotel is very reasonable for what you get. Our room was quite large (deluxe twin) for Europe and was very clean. The service was great and they even allow you to order your choice of pillow from room service. Breakfast was included in my rate and it was quite nice and much more than a regular continental breakfast. I would definitely return to the Atlantico if I return to Madrid  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>April_08Boston
<Content>Loved this hotel We've spent 5 days in the hotel - really pleasant experience, though as its located right on Gran Via - this street is ALWAYS very noisy, so be aware. The room was nice, not so little, comfortable beds,tasty breakfast. The location is superb: walking distance to everything, so we never used public transport. I would stay there again.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	5	

<Author>WIKKERMAN
<Content>beautiful hotel in a beautiful city having stayed in hotels in cities throughout europe this has got to be one of the best thee star hotels around. the staff are very proffesional , courteous and more than willing to assist with any questions of where to go etc. we stayed in room 208 which is on the second floor . the room itself is outstanding with two balconys for lovely views of the gran via ,which we took full advantage of to watch the madrid marathon go by on our last day there. the ninth floor terrace bar is a must place to go for a relaxing drink with lovely views over madrid. having read the reviews on this site i was not disappointed and would certainly stay there again or recommend it to friends  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>spunge411
<Content>Great Boutique Style       View from roof  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lcvald
<Content>Great Hotel! My husband and I were in Madrid April 17 - April24th. We chose this hotel based on the reviews on this website. Thank you, thank you, thank you! After a so so experience in Paris last year I took control of the hotel accomodations and I was not disappointed. The hotel was clean, nicely decorated, the location was perfect and the staff wonderful. We requested a room with a kingsize bed and a balcony and we got just what we wanted. The bathroom was fully stocked with anything you may have forgotten, and there was a shower head, not a handheld, an actual shower head, in Europe! We had room 707, it was a decent size for Europe and the windows have electric shutters that keep out most of the noise from the Gran Via. For 8 euros you can have the internet on your television for 24 hours use. The breakfast was included in the room cost and there were many selections. My husband certainly ate his share of ham. Since my husband speaks Spanish fluently it was easy for him to communicate with the staff, I was able to communicate what I needed easily because the staff spoke English. All in all we had a great experience at this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VirginiaMartha
<Content>Mixed experience at the Atlantico My husband and I stayed at the Atlantico for six nights in mid-April and had a mixed experience. I had booked deluxe accomodations through the BestWestern site, hoping for a large room. However, when we arrived, nothing matching our requirements (twin beds) was available, so we were put into an attractive, recently redecorated, but very modestly sized room. Also, the hotel web site had indicated a coffee maker and AM-FM radio in each room. Neither was available. When I asked for a radio, the clerk suggeted that I go out and buy one! One more negative, there was no free Internet access in the hotel for guests who didn't own a laptop. Fortunately, an internet cafe in the ZAHARA cafe right across the street was conveniently located. Some of the desk staff were friendly and helpful, some not. when we checked out, the staff person let us know that he thought that we had been charged deluxe prices without deluxe accommodations. But he still didn't give us a reduction in the price! Now for the positive: The bathroom was marble, shiny, and spotlessly clean, as was the room. The noise from the street on the front of the hotel is very loud, but the insulated windows block out virtually all noise. We slept with the windows closed and the AC on ( very quiet), and it was a good solution. The ninth-floor lounge is sensational--very large with many comfortable seating areas . Free tea and coffee. I treated this as my living room, and it was an excellent way to expand the modest space of our room. Finally, the location is terrific. Walking distance to many tourist destinations and very convenient to transportation--both metro and buses. For those who don't want to pay for the hotel breakfast, a Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts are across the street. And the Cortes Ingles department store across the way has a large and well-stocked grocery store on its lower level. Overall, this is a fine hotel, but I came away less than satisfied with the service and amenities.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	2	2	5	5	3	4	1	

<Author>sonia_london
<Content>Perfect for a Madrid Trip We stayed 3 nights at the Atlantico Hotel.The rooms were ideal for a short stay- compact with all required amentities and a bathroom with essential toilettres.Staff- always an important mention were average. Rowando and Ruth were excellent though- very helpful and friendly.Hotel is centrally located and placed in the heart of the city.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>carlynhill
<Content>Great hotel We had a wonderful stay at the Best Western Atlantico. The location is superb with all major sites within walking distance and the metro literally a couple of 100 metres away. The station is Callao on the green line. Our only worry was the bathroom had one rather steep step down into the bedroom and for anyone not good on their feet it could have been a problem. Everything else was superb and I would recommend this hotel if you want a great location within a really good budget. I booked through expedia  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jcniii
<Content>Super Hotel       Roof top bar area  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AndyMillman99
<Content>Fantastic hotel I stayed 3 nights here in November and I loved it. The staff couldn't do more to help and they spoke perfect English which helped as my Spanish is not perfect.The hotel is very close (2minute walk) to the metro station so is easy access to all the attractions.The food was OK, I loved dinner but breakfast could have been better, still this is not a complaint as overall it was perfectly fine.Fantastic, I will definately return.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>timothyh_george
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Really fantastic hotel - excellent position on the Grand Via - Tourist Bus stop yards from hotel entrance - Metro even nearer. The Staff were very friendly - view from tjhe viewing room above the ninth floor was amazing - great rooms - excellent breakfast buffet  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Clive1
<Content>Great Place We stayed here for 4 nights at the start of March and were very impressed. The hotel is situated in the centre of Madrid, surrounded by Cinemas  theatres, and the big department stores. The hotel is about 80m from the Calleo Metro station and a short walk to various others i.e. Gran Via, Tribunal. Hotel staff are very helpful and speak perfect english. Our room was spacious and very well presented. There is a bar on the 9th floor which has balconys that look over the city and offer complimentary tea  coffee. The breakfast on the 1st floor for 9 euros was good value though there are many cafes/ restuarants near by if you fancy something different. The open-air tour buses also have a stop about 50m from the hotel.The location is perfect for exploring and the hotel is very good hence we would ceratinly stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jenhip
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location We were very impressed with this hotel. In reading other reviews, I was a little hesitant bc I didn't want to be bothered with noise or bad views. But we figured we would be okay bc we were traveling in a not so high travel month, so if we were placed in a room we didn't like, we would most likely be able to request a room change. But that never happened. We were happy with our room. Reception staff were friendly and helpful. We arrived about an hour before check-in time, but there were rooms available so they let us go in early. The room was on the small side, but it was not too small. Everything was clean, so that was enough to win us over. There was an in-room safe, just as described, and it was basically a built in, so that sucker wasn't going to get lifted and taken. That gave us a sense of comfort, as I wasn't sure if we would be able to leave valuables (ie passports, tickets) in the hotel room prior to seeing the safe. But it was no problem at all. Our room was on the Gran Via side, so there was lots of noise from the busy street, but the electric shutters are great and block out basically all of the noise. Those shutters make the room so dark, that I often slept longer than I would have liked bc there was no sun to let me know it was time to wake up!The bathroom was surprisingly spacious and clean. Water pressure on the shower was good. It was stocked with all the essentials...toothbrush in case we didn't have ours, toothpaste, shaving cream, tissues (just a small packet, but they replenished each day...and that was handy bc I forgot to bring tissues, and I needed them in case we went to places where the restrooms didn't have toilet paper). There was a hair dryer in the room by the desk - thought it would be puny, but it was actually worked quite well!The 9th floor terrace was nice. We only went there once, as it closes early (11:30pm), and we would never make it there. But we checked it out once, and the view was nice. Very relaxing. The staff was accommodating, I must say. When I called them prior to our stay, I was a little worried as they did not seem to be very helpful. But, once there, they answered all of our questions...we dealt with a few of the people at the front desk, and all were helpful. My one gripe with the room is that when we booked the room, we requested that it be a non-smoking room. But there were ashtrays in the bathroom, on the nightstands, on the desk, and I think in my mind there was a slight scent of smoke. But my husband said it was all in my head, so I let it go. And I didn't smell smoke days following. We just put all the ashtrays in the drawers so that they would no longer be seen. The breakfast looked nice, but we did not have that, as we decided to walk around and find something outside. I think many of Madrid's hotels will have a central location, but we really enjoyed where this hotel was located. We did a lot of walking, but we loved it. Spent a lot of time on Calle Arenal, which is really right there. And we were so close to El Corte Ingles...we stopped there daily to pick up our bottled water.We enjoyed our stay at Hotel Atlantico, and when we visit Madrid again (can't wait to plan that!), we will def consider this hotel...unless we come into lots of money and can splurge on the Ritz or Westin, haha!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Egeaml
<Content>The Best Experience in Best Western Atlantico       Terrace view  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jojoflamingsquirrel
<Content>Great Location, but an average 3 star! The hotel is in a great location on the Gran Via, within walking distance to everything you will want to see in Madrid. When we checked in the receptionist seemed to be a little more interested in chatting to his friend than sorting out our room, but we got there eventually and he was very polite. Our room was ok, decor was quirky to say the least, but it was clean and fairly comfy! However the walls are thin and unfortunately the lady in the room next to us was very noisy and talked on the phone throughout the night. Apart from that we had a good stay. We booked the hotel shuttle back to the airport and the staff were very helpful and the shuttle good value - well worth doing that! It was a good, clean hotel in a central location, good value for money ... as always you get what you pay for!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Brunette-traveller
<Content>Loved It I loved this hotel. Excellent location, friendly staff. Our room was at the front of the hotel and the Gran Via noise was never a problem. Room was very spacious, bathroom was excellent, we really couldn't ask for anything more. Definitely worth staying here.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RobScot
<Content>Great Value and Location All that had been said in previous reviews was on the button. Great location, value for money, helpful staff, great views from terrace.We were in room on fifth floor facing Gran Via and noise was not a problem  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>LVbiz
<Content>A find in Madrid After searching for a reasonably priced hotel in Madrid, I was referred to the Hotel Atlantico. The hotel is centrally located within walking distance of metro and all major attractions. Single rooms are a bit small but an excellent value at 100 euros. I stayed in a deluxe room for 130 euros, room 807. This room I would put up against any 4 star room in the city. Excellent in all ways. Plus the hotel has a great layout with the top floor offering excellent views of the city and a roof top bar.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sharryCardiff
<Content>a gem in Madrid Stayed at this hotel in November with my son and husband. We chose the hotel after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor and were not disappointed. It is a beautiful hotel , brilliantly situated for all the tourist places. Our room was large, with a good view and well decorated. The staff were very helpful and the breakfast was good. Above all we were impressed by the roof top bar, which serves free tea and coffee and was a fantastic place to watch the sun go down.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MAROAthens
<Content>Very, very nice hotel My husband and I spent seven nights at this hotel (from December 29th to January 5th) and had a great time. It is so centrally located that we never used the metro, buses or taxis to move around. We are city people and enjoyed our corner room (208) on the second floor, which had two balconies (one on the Gran Via and the other on the side street). The room and bathroom were very spacious, nicely furnished and very clean. There was a lot of storage space, the bed was big and comfortable and the lighting was excellent. We were not bothered by the Gran Via鈥檚 noise, because when the windows were closed the room was almost soundproofed. The buffet breakfast (included in the rate) was OK with a lot of cold and warm options. The receptionists (especially Oscar and Ruth) were professional, friendly, polite and extremely helpful. All in all this is a great hotel, we can recommend it and would not hesitate to return.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ggsk
<Content>Atlantico stated we didn't have a reservation but charged for not cancelling! Prior to our trip in September 2007, I was calling ahead to confirm my familys reservation and was advised by the reservation desk at Hotel Atlantico that I didn't have a reservation on record nor did they have my name anywhere in their records. As a result, I ended up scrambling to locate other accomodations with only a little more than a week before our scheduled arrival in Madrid. We had used the Hotel Atlantico web site when making our reservation, so it was an overall dissappointing situation being placed in this difficult situation.What then added insult to injury was that upon our return to the States, on my next credit card billing there was a charge from Hotel Atlantico for not showing up. When proceeding with a dispute of this charge, not only did Hotel Atlantico refuse to reverse the charge, the credit card company also supported them by stating we didn't follow the proper cancellation process. I'm having trouble understanding this end result when it was Hotel Atlantico that stated we had no reservation to cancel in the first place. In the end, I'm the one paying for no services or accomodations provided. I would only caution when deciding to stay here, given our experience and penalty costs incurred based on the actions of Hotel Atlantico themselves.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BobakLives
<Content>Not nearly as good as I was lead to believe here. 4 good nights, 1 awful. After seeing the good location, good price and solid reviews on TripAdvisor, my travel companion and I picked the Best Western Atlantico for our Dec. 25-30 trip with some confidence. Up until the fifth night, this hotel had a strong four points (above average) going for it, then everything collapsed on the final night in a way that cannot be dismissed as a mere anomaly. First, the positive: The location is solid. On the Gran Via just off of Plaza de Callao (and the Callao metro station) and is only a short walk from the major attractions clustered around downtown Madrid, particularly the areas around Puerta del Sol. The hotel is clean, and run professionally (i.e. how you'd expect a Best Western or equivalent to be run in a place like the US or Canada). They always had someone at the front desk who spoke a decent amount of English. Now the neutral: the free airport shuttle proved to be useless since it only works at a handful of specific times. On arrival we barely missed the set departure, and it didn't leave early enough in the morning for any flights before late-morning. However, traveling to the hotel on arrival wasn't too much of a problem because the excellent Madrid Metro got us from the airport to the Callao station for a reasonable price, reasonable time and three line changes. The way back to the airport was a problem because the Metro doesn't actually start until (as per Spanish culture) relatively late in the morning. We ended up taking a cab in the morning, which with no traffic (as the front desk estimated) gets you there in about 30 minutes for just under 鈧?0. Its convenient, but it really makes the free shuttle utterly useless for a lot of people --especially those flying back on extended trips to North America or further afar. The hotel offers breakfast, and we found it to be adequate but not noteworthy --if anything the 鈧? price was the most noticeable aspect. But its no real issue since, thanks to the central location, there are several chains like Pan  Co., Starbucks and numerous other local cafes nearby. The bar on the top level was completely overrated: the bartender seemed to have serious issues (he wasn't rude to us, but clearly didn't want us around) and isn't very popular --its furnished well and has a deck, but it really isn't a place I'd recommend spending time in unless you want to insulate yourself.So now you're probably wondering what happened on the final night that knocked two full points off of the review? Noise. Noise beyond your wildest dreams. Noise that goes through walls, goes though their metal shutters, goes thought what we believe were double-paned windows, through your pillow, through your arm, reaches into your head and pokes your soul: shaking it over and over and over until you lie there, futilely shaking your fist at the the darkness, wondering why you decided to stay at this hotel. Its hard to pinpoint what was the worst part: since Gran Via is a major street, and because the Plaza de Callao is a major intersection for cars and pedestrians, you have a lot of options to chose from. There's the almost constant honking coming from every direction and distance. There are the people yelling for the sake of yelling. The mysterious (and often startling) crash sound that would happen without any rhyme or reason --it almost sounded like a TV gunshot, but was more likely something like a large wooden crate being dropped from a great distance (don't worry, you'll have plenty of opportunities to figure it out for yourself if you stay here). Still, I would have to give the highest honors to the traffic cop who will make sure you will never be able to get sleep before 10pm (which I would normally not recommend anyway, but since we had a very early flight we had to bite the bullet and try to sleep): If there's anything positive out of that night from hell, its that I've memorized the proper pattern and style for using a traffic cop whistle in Madrid. The cop ended before 10pm, but the honking and incredibly loud crashing sounds didn't end until the wee hours of the morning. When we got up at 5:30am to get ready, there were still drunk people screaming at the top of their lungs as they waited for the subway to open later. If this had happened on the first night, I would have changed hotels and ate any loss incurred --it was that bad.Let me be clear: we were not staying right on the main street, we were actually staying as far from the street as you can stay without facing towards the courtyard. I'd read in the tour books that the noise in Madrid is notorious, but I didn't realize (or I supposed appreciate) how bad it was until that final evening. It wasn't a mere anomaly that I can write off to a bad night at the hotel, rather I must say it was likely closer to what a normal evening is like: our first few nights were on and immediately after Christmas, and downtown Madrid is much quieter during that time. The final Saturday night was the city getting back into the swing of things, so that's what you will face if you stay here in a similar situation. Be warned.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>westj
<Content>best hotel in madrid The best western atlantico offers a cafe giving free coffee on a rooftop terrace over looking the city and shows maginificent views of madrid. The rooms are spacious, the breakfast buffet is multivarious and the staff are helpful and friendly.If I was going to madrid again, I would stay here.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>cjk6
<Content>Best Hotel Experience--Ever My mom and I have traveled to Europe extensively and have stayed in wonderful hotels, but the Atlantico takes the cake. We had never been to Madrid, and the location could not have been better. Every attraction was within walking distance--we didn't take the metro once. If you're a shopper, you're in the midst of great shopping. There are fabulous restaurants everywhere, and the staff has plenty of suggestions if you're curious. We arrived at the Madrid airport around 7 in the morning, and were pleased to find that the hotel shuttle did indeed come to the airport around nine (just as expedia had said). The ride in to the hotel was free and so convenient. Our room was not quite ready when we arrived, so we were told to go up to the breakfast room fo coffee and breakfast (at no charge). When are room was ready, we were thrilled to see that our room was just as lovely as the beautiful marble lobby. We had two twin beds, a gorgeous (and large) newly remodeled bathroom, and french doors that opened onto a balcony which gave us a nice view of the Gran Via. The staff could not have been more helpful--at one point we went to the Royal Palace and discovered it was closed for a government event. After a day of seeing other parts of Madrid, we asked the staff if they new if the Palace would be open the next day. They immediately called the Palace--when the line was busy, the desk clerk joked that the king must be on the phone--and when the clerk got through, he let us know when the Palace would be open again. The front desk has wonderful little maps that are much more detailed than your average travel book map--I definitely recommend picking one up. Also, ask for restaurant suggestions. The hotel will make reservations for you and you will be treated like royalty when you arrive at the restaurant. Other than the first morning, we didn't eat breakfast at the hotel. It was 9 euros, and we found it cheaper to pick up rolls and fruit. However, it looked like a lovely buffet with lots of fresh meats, cheeses, fruit, cereal and coffee. Don't miss the ninth floor, either. It is a lovely lounge area with a bar, but most importantly, if you are able to go out onto the balcony area, you will be greeted with the most spectacular panoramic views of the city. The room was always spotless and ready when we came back for our siesta each day at 4. Finally we couldn't have been more impressed with the way the hotel handled a potentially serious problem. On the morning we were set to leave for the airport (along with 10 other passengers), the van arrived on time, but once we were all loaded in, the door to the van wouldn't close. The driver spent about 10 minutes trying to get it closed, but many of us needed to leave immediately to get to the airport in time. A member of the hotel staff had been trying to help the driver fix the van, but when it was clear that the fix was going to take time, he called six cabs. The cabs arrived within 2 minutes and a desk clerk came out and paid each cabbie. We couldn't believe how well this was handled. We had already paid our 12 euros for the van ride back, and the hotel paid another 25 euros to cover the difference. We have recommended this hotel to everyone we know, and will definitely stay there again. We have always avoided staying at chain hotels when abroad, but the Best Western Atlantico was a five-star experience at a two or three star price. The hotel was so well managed...don't hesitate to stay there...your trip to Madrid will exceed your wildest dreams.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fran727
<Content>Beautiful Hotel       Room 705 Bathroom  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MKRC
<Content>Central, Elegant and Inexpensive I stayed two nights 10th and 11th November at this very centrally located three star hotel. My single room was small but both comfortable and well equipped. Quite quiet, apart from the occasional sound of a fellow guest in an adjacent room or in the corridor. Reception was friendly and efficient and trusting - its unusual these days not to have to give a credit card imprint on arrival even with a prepaid reservation.I did not sample the breakfast buffet which looked good value at 9 Euros. The bonus was the elegant 9th floor lounge, bar and terrace with splendid views accross the city. Highly recommended for an inexpensive stay in central Madrid.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>zerocooler
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Stayed for 5 nights in mid October, close to everything and the room is well appointed (room 806). The bathroom is the best out of all the hotels we stayed in during the two weeks trip. Wifi is available which makes this the best hotel we have seen from the entire trip.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wown15
<Content>Loved the service at the Atlantico! The three of us loved this hotel! It was right by a couple of metro stops so it was incredibly easy to access the entire city. The area was busy at all hours of the day, but we had a room facing the street and the windowns masked all the sound! The room itself was a decent size for the three of us although the decor seemed somewhat old. The bathroom was huge (which for three girls is a must!) and had beautiful tile. The entryways and common areas of the hotel were absolutely beautiful!!! The staff was very friendly and spoke great english. Our favorite part was the breakfast buffet, my god everything was so delicious. Wide assortment...eggs, bacon, sausage, meats, cheeses, fruits, cereal, bread, donuts, pastries, I could go on. The food was so tasty and kept us going strong easily into the afternoon. Would stay here again in a heartbeat. Here's a tip, we booked well in advance (6 months) and were able to get an amazing deal at $127 a night including breakfast for three!!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>busastep
<Content>Fantastic Location - small room Booked this on the back of the reviews for a business trip - was great value as was about 拢60 a night, the room was a little small but had everything i needed - internet etc.. Lovely roof top bar with great views over Madrid - get up into the top room in the dome - the views get even better. Would recommend this to anyone looking for a handy room in a great city!!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Sleepybelly
<Content>Lovely hotel, tricky area We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights during the hottest month of the year. The hotel is very clean and with the air conditioning the stay was very pleasant. Our bed is comfortable and the bathroom is of good standard. During daytime, the big Gran Via street is safe and crowded. However, at night many prosititutes stand along the street and can be a littlte bit dangerous. Some side streets near the hotel are very dirty. Try to avoid walking alone on those streets at night.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	4	4	4	

<Author>travelbluey
<Content>Good hotel The hotel has a great location. Accessible to everything and safe. We were given an updgraded double room......2 twin beds put together, though we requested 1 king/queen bed. The floor had a stale smell, but the room was good. The receptionist told us that this was a new floor and all new rooms. Not sure how the older floors would have smelt.Overall clean and good stay, though if not upgraded, I am not sure how our stay would have been. The hotel staff was hit miss.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>cjording
<Content>Great value at Hotel Atlantico In spite of the inauspicious entrance and very small lobby, this is an excellent value hotel in the heart of Madrid. The room was spotlessly clean and included a large walk-in closet. Even though the windows opened onto the center shaft, we did not spend much time there, and the room was large. The included breakfast was adequate, but lacked sufficient fresh fruits. The younger staff tried to be helpful and had a good customer-service attitude; the older staff members could be a bit surly. As other reviewers have said, the roof top bar is spectacular, especially when there is a clear sky and the ascending moon. We went there every evening and enjoyed the solitude above the bustling street and the vast vistas. We highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Porty17
<Content>Great place to stay! Loved this hotel. Stayed here for 4 nights when my fiance and I visited Madrid in September this year. On arrival we got a taxi from airport but didn't realise that the hotel offer and shuttle service too and from the hotel. We got this back which was very easy and cost 鈧? per person. The location of the hotel was fantasic and walking distance to everything! Rooms were small compared to some I have stayed in but to be honest for the time you spend in them it was more that satisfactory. The highlight for me was the roof terrace, its really beautiful and the free tea and coffee was just the icing on the cake! We ended up after a long day of sight seeing, looking forward to coming back to the hotel to go up to the roof terrace for a cappachino for some relaxation before getting ready to go out at night. Staff were also extremely friendly and assisted us on many an occasion especially when recommended restaurants!!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sabado33
<Content>Good Hotel if you get the right room I was travelling for working purposes in Juli/August, low season for Madrid, and therefore was able to take advantage of a good internet rate. (I still wonder how the high normal rate can be afforded by normal people).I agree with other reviewers that the location is perfect. Just aross the street from Metro Callao, you鈥檒l get anywhere in town in a snap (I recommend the metro  bus flatrate tickets for cheap and unlimited travelling on all metro and bus lines in the city).The hotel itself is a mixed bag: Staff is friendly and helpful, everything spotlessly clean, the view from the rooftop terrace was gorgeous. My room, though, was small and dark, like all the rooms not facing outwards, so make sure you get one facing Gran Via!Well. for THAT room I would give no more than three stars, grudgingly. The view and location are five stars, definetely.The Internet connection, though present, is awfully slow - I needed it urgently to upload work related data and finally had to go an Internet caf茅 outside (Staff agreed that something has to be done about that since they suffer themselves from the inconvenience).A small thing last, not anybody might agree: I hate the elevator style music in the 9th floor Bar, an endless loop - I thought it would eat up half of my brain cells while sitting there, so I finally fled from the comfortable sofa to my dark little room...The breakfast I didn鈥檛 try since I was on a tight time schedule, so I preferred grabbing my coffee and bocadillo on the way to my daily tasks. But the place on the 1st floor overlooking busy Gran Via where breakfast is served is spacious and pleasantly furnished.In total, as long as I get a better room for a good rate I鈥檒l be back...  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	4	4	1	

<Author>Ridgevalley
<Content>Wonderful Hotel!       9th floor Terrace  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>passo
<Content>tale of two cities       view from rooftop bar  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	1	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>pobox518
<Content>Great Hotel!       Bed  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MaryfromIreland
<Content>Fabulous hotel, beautiful rooms Stayed in Hotel Atlantico for 3 nights with my sister, and requested a nice room with a balcony looking out on Gran Via, I explained it was a special birthday (40th) and the hotel did look after us, we gota beautiful room (room 806) on the 8th floor, with 3 small balconies,all looking out on Gran Via, the best of the lot was the room had electric shutters which kept the room lovely and quiet during the night and dark as well, for sleeping in in the morning. We had asked for two seperate beds, and I think they were both 4 ft each, which was great, as I hate single beds. The room also had its own air conditioning, and there was a lovely fluffy white bathrobe waiting for both of us, and complimentary towelling slippers, which came in handy after the shower whilst one was getting ready. The bathroom was huge, and the shower which was located inside in the bath was fabulous, you had a choice of a shower off the taps which was very powerful, or a side shower from the side wall of the bath, controlledby different taps again! also very powerful. There was also a radio unit in the bathroom and the bedroom which meant you had a choice of about 5 or 6 different radio stations to listen to, which was nice to have a bit of music whilst putting on the make up at night. There was also a safe in the room, which was great for keeping the cash andpassports in. The reception staff were a pleasure to deal with, the nicest I have ever met, and the hotel itself is beautiful. Spotlessly clean and immaculate, we couldn't find any fault what so ever with the hotel. The 9th floor where the bar and coffee is was beautiful, as was the open air terrace, and theres fabulous views of madrids beautiful city up there as well. The breakfast was lovely, your typical continental, with loads of breads, meats and cheeses, fruits, and yogurts, and a couple of hot plates, which had fried or scrambled eggs, sausages (which were a bit like hot dogs) streaky rashers, and lovely egg/potato slices, something onto our version of quiche, and a lovely coffee machine, which meant you could have any type of freshly ground coffee, either americano, or expresso, or justplain black coffee, which was endless, the only juice they offered was orange juice, which was fine, all in all a lovely hearty breakfast, we didn't eat until around 6 p.m. any evening after havingthe lovely breakfast, it was so filling. Theres a shopping centre literally across the road, the Cortes Anglais shopping centre, which is fabulous, but expensive, a bit like our brown thomas, but the backstreets around that section have fabulous shops, with unbelievable value in shoes and handbags, which is what we were into. All in all, a lovely break in a beautiful city made all the more nice by the fantastic hotel. I would definately stay here again. The hotel was quiet and we felt at times we were the only ones in the hotel. Noisewas never a problem, and I can't wait to go back there again. I booked a deluxe room with the best western web site and got it for 515 euro total between us, but I saw it on the actual web site for hotel atlantico (the spanish web site) for approx 100 euro cheaper, so it would be worth your while checking that site out before the best western site. Apparently some of the rooms on the lower floor are not as nice, and also I think there are some internal rooms on the lower floors that don't have windows, so you would need to be careful about which room you get, but all in all, we had a fabulous one, couldn't fault the room or the hotel one bit.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ThePaz
<Content>Great location with a great roof top terrace The location of this hotel is absolutely fantastic. There are many resturants and bars within 10 minutes walk along with sights like the Royal Palace and Place de Espana. The roof top terrace was a huge plus, having somewhere to sit and relax in the sun after a hard days sightseeing was great, you can even see the Royal Palace lit up at night. The rooms themselves were nothing to write home about but were clean and comfortable. The reception staff spoke good English and were always helpfull with any questions asked. I would have no hesitations about staying here again.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Ksdad
<Content>Probably the best "Best Western"       9th floor terrace  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>houndtang
<Content>Solid hotel but a bit noisy The Atlantico is a standard 3 star hotel. The location is a mixed bag, although very central it is on the Spanish equivalent of Oxford Street and consequently could be a bit noisy. There was no view from my room and there was also quite a bit of noise from the corridors. Still overall, a pretty good experience, with a convenient airport bus service.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Jakesmum
<Content>Great as usual! Stayed here for the second time - decided to make a repeat visit as I love Madrid and this hotel is great: excellent location, clean, comfortable hotel with good staff. Situated right on Gran Via so in the heart of the city, everything in walking distance. Staff speak good english and are really helpful - they gave us some great tips for places to eat. Madrid is a fabulous city and if you want to be where the action is, stay here!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Peaches5
<Content>Great Hotel - Excellent Location! The hotel was an excellent choice for us. The room was very spacious and the bathroom was excellent. Location is great! The Gran Via location is very busy with lots people and traffic. With all the noise below, we heard nothing while we were in our room (we were on the 7th floor). The breakfast selection was very good. Cold cereals, fruits, cheeses with a small selection of hot breakfast (scrambled eggs and bacon). The service was impeccable. Staff at the front desk were very helpful in setting up our side trips and helping us with tips to get around the city. The rooms are VERY VERY clean. The cab ride from the airport cost about 30Euros and getting there via Metro is very time consuming with 2 seperate connections. The Metro (Gran Via) stop is only about 1 block away from the hotel, therefore getting around the city was extremely easy. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>INISOIRR
<Content>perfect in every detail Olive (my wife) and self had a most pleasant stay at Best Western Atlantico. The staff were so kind and helpful to us (Ruth, Carmelo, Alfonsos and the lady who managed the 9th floor facilities). Our bedroom was excellent - as was the breakfast each morning. As other reviewers have mentioned the locationn of the Best Western Atlantico could not be better. A genuine thank you to all the staff each of whom made our stay a pleasure. The Best Western Hotel Atlantico, in our opinion deserves, at the very least, a four star grading. Edmund C, Co Dublin, Ireland.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Coldox
<Content>Excellent - everything you need is here Very Good Hotel. In a great location with great staff. The roof top bar is beautiful with great views of the city, and the rooms are very big and well decorated. Would definitely stay there again on my next trip to Madrid.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KatetSeb
<Content>A true gem in the heart of Madrid We went to Madrid for 4 days in August 2007, I had no idea where to stay as I do not really know the city so I had a look at trip advisor and found excellent reviews on this hotel and I have to say, it is truly a great hotel.It could not be more perfectly located in Madrid, in the heart of Gran Via, allowing people who stay there to access all major attraction and monuments very easily.The rooms are very big and the bathroom is amazing for such a cheap price (it costed 70 EUR a night only!)The staff is friendly and perfectly fluent in English (which is definitly not common in Madrid!)We would definitly go there again!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sportster883
<Content>Best Western Atlantico: great hotel to stay!       looking the Gran Via from the room's window  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	3	3	2	4	

<Author>long3view
<Content>Exceptional hotel, location and staff This property has an excellent location close to everything a visitor would like. The place is SPOTLESS....everything is clean and fresh. The sleeping room was very very large by any country's standards...but very big for Europe. The shower was one of the best I have ever had in a hotel. It had excellent beds, pillows and linens. The staff was very helpful and very knowledgeable. They provided excellent suggestions for places to eat and for shopping and sightseeing. The reception was fast as was the check out. Free internet service in the room.The roof top bar and deck was very pleasent.I highly recommend this place. I spend about 75 nights a year in hotels. This rates in the top 10% regradless of price.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>parishoes
<Content>better than 3 stars We recently returned from a one week stay at the BW Hotel Atlantico, and we were very pleased. The hotel (and room) was spotless, and there was quite a bit of space. Even though our room faced the Gran Via - a very busy boulevard, especially at night -- we had no trouble with the noise from the streets. The air conditioning was a relief after spending a day in the high heat. Breakfast was plentiful, and good value; and the lovely bar on the top floor (with free WiFI service) had a lovely balcony seating area that was perfect for watching the sun set. Overall, we had an excellent stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tomg84
<Content>Probably the best hotel in Madrid An outstanding hotel! The room we stayed in was outstanding king size bed, balcony and luxiourous bathroom mirrors on the ceiling. The hotel is perfectly located in the centre of Madrid. Hotel staff speak good english and nothing is too much trouble.One minor criticism is that the bed had blankets and not a duvets but thats just my tastes I suppose.Couldn't really fault it.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tilto
<Content>Excellent Stayed here for 5 nights. Could not fault this hotel, excellent value for money, best location you could ask for in the city, friendly staff, no problem recommending to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>Apollo14
<Content>Very happy I have little to add to previous reviews other than to say I was very happy with the hotel. Clean, good-sized rooms and central location. Friendly staff. Be sure to have a drink on your first night on the roof terrace.For those of you who have been to Madrid before and stayed near Plaza Mayor, this may be an opportunity to explore the areas north of Gran Via around Chueca, Bilbao and Plaza Dos de Mayo - a different perspective perhaps.That said, Plaza Mayor is only 8 minutes walk away!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>bennitor
<Content>A brilliant hotel - fantastic value! We booked this hotel through expedia a few months before travelling and paid a rate of about 拢50 a night for a double room.From reviews on here I'd expected a decent hotel and I wasn't disappointed. From stepping out of the Callao metro stop and looking up at the impressive building to looking at it for the final time when leaving, our whole stay was perfect.It was the first time we'd visited Madrid so to be slap bang in the middle of the Gran Via was a bonus. We were close to shops, restaurants, bars and the metro plus most things were within easy walking distance anyway.We were originally given a smoking room although had asked for a non-smoking room on Expedia. I went down to reception and they moved us without hesitation to a room on the fifth floor. The room itself was very spacious with a wooden floor and large bathroom plus little extras such as bathrobes, slippers, chocolates on the pillows etc.The staff were friendly and efficient and helped in any way they could. We decided not to have the breakfast option as we wanted to sample Madrid cuisine and the local area.All in all this is a cracking hotel whether on business or vacation and I wouldn't hesitate to stop here again.As for people who have mentioned the noise, there are electric shutters on the windows (our room over looked the Gran Via) which block out most of the noise when combined with the double glazing. You can still hear the hum of traffic but unless you are an exceptionally light sleeper then it shouldn't bother you.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MomRocco
<Content>Great Rooms, Noisy Location We spent 4 nights at this hotel in Madrid. The hotel itself is in excellent condition and our room was clean and very comfortable. You could easily walk to all the sights from this location, which made it convenient. The breakfast was top notch as was the lovely rooftop bar. The hotel staff were nice, but were not at all helpful in recommending restaurants. The downside of the hotel is that it is on a very noisy street and there are many very aggressive vagrants who lurk around the hotel, not to mention hookers who work the area in the evening.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Popi
<Content>Great hotel The hotel is more than I expected form a 3 star hotel, ok maybe a higger price than most, but totally worth it.The staff was really helpfull, the room was big, with a massive and elegant bathroom and lovely bathrobes.Fairly big tv in the room, and even the possibility to use the tv as a computer to go on-line with a keyboard providedMy only complain, my window looked over a wall... but other than that a great hotel.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cinderellatravels
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location We stayed here a couple night when we first arrived in Madrid. It is an awesome hotel and a great location. I booked well in advance and asked for an upper floor. We were on a very high floor with large windows that opened up and a great view. Breakfast was really good as well. You can walk all over the place. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>slrnyc
<Content>Good location, decent hotel for the price This is a good place to stay for a first time traveler to Madrid. It's centrally located, you can walk anywhere from here very quickly, and it's safe. Not sure I'd stay there again, but for a first-time visitor without much of a clue where to stay - it's a fine option and centrally located.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ContentedManchester
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful !!       View from the balcony room 712  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Gordons63
<Content>Great Hotel in central Madrid Had read a great deal of good reports on this hotel and was not disappointed, rooms were spacious well appointed and clean, hotel staff courteous, knowledgeable and friendly. On a sunny day the roof top garden is a haven of peace away from the bustle of the city.For a three star hotel the Atlantico certainly punches above it's weight. Location is great, 50 meters from nearest Metro station and 20 meters from city tour bus stop. Would recommend this hotel to anyone who enjoys the hustle and bustle of city life.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>CHRISMCNY
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great value for the money This is a 3 star hotel but is on the cusp of a 4 star.We asked for a quiet room and were given room 703. The enrtire 6th floor is being being renovated so it is noisy between 11:00 am and 8:00 pm. I complained about the noise and was given a room on the 8th floor(room 812). It appears that the 9th thru 7th floors have been renovated. Both 703 and 812 were above average in size with LARGE bathrooms. Both had double sinks. Both had bathrobes and slippers. Air conditioning in both rooms worked fine. Bed was comfortable. The hotel is located 50 yards from the Callo metro stop. The Sol metro stop is a 5 minute walk away. The Gran Via is the broadway of Spain. Very busy and crowded but a good location for a tourist. They have a shuttle to the airport that leaves every hour8, 9, 10). The charge is 6 euro per personRooms were very clean and the entire 9th floor has is a lounge area. There are 3 separate rooms and two outdoor patio's.There is also a full service bar and drinks were very reasonable.I got a rate of 113 euro per nite by booking at Bestwestern.com.However, I booked this in January 2007 (for May) and had to pay in full without the ability to cancel.All and all, a good value.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Quido
<Content>Great hotel in a perfect location This hotel is rated as a 3 star but the rooms and service is more towards a 4 star. We got breakfast included and it was wonderful. The hotel is on the Gran Via, which is the main thoroughfare for people strolling etc. We were within 5 to 10 minutes (walk) from the major attractions including the Plaza Mayor and the Palace.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HaveCameraWillTravel
<Content>Outstanding Location!!!       Hotel at Night  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Madefortheroad
<Content>Great hotel for City break! We stayed here for a long weekend in March. The hotels location is fantastic....only a short stroll down to Sol. You get the impression that this hotel was a lot grander in days gone by, but even today it is very well kept with the rooms and bathrooms kept immaculate. The breakfast buffet is great with plenty of choice. The bar at the top floor is decked out with nice paintings and rather grand furniture and it is worth it for a quick look and the view , but when we were there it was closed most nights and the one night that it was open we were the only occupants! Overall, a great hotel to stay in for a weekend break and very reasonably price. One I would recommend to friends / family heading to Madrid  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Bgcglaze
<Content>Best kept secret!!! We lucked out and got a fabulous room with 2 balconies and a huge bathroom on our second stay at this wonderful hotel. Needless to say we enjoyed our first stay also, since we returned here less than two years later. It is soooo centrally located, everything within walking distance. The hotel staff was very helpful particularly one wonderful man who took us under his wing. The breakfasts (included) were extensive. Upstairs on the 9th floor there is a beautiful sitting area with balconies (weather permitting) where you can get free coffee and tea all day. I had booked a double but the bed was kingsized. The room was cleaned up daily. I know some of the rooms may be smaller but this is still a gem for the price!!!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ThomasGCanada
<Content>Good hotel This is a good hotel with a great location on the Gran Via. A helpful staff and fair size rooms contribute to an enjoyable stay. There is a nice bar on the top floor. I recommend this hotel  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Deljay
<Content>Located right on Gran Via! The hotel appealed to us because of the classic Gran Via architecture. As it was older, we weren't expecting a polished hotel. We were surprised! Friendly staff, great location, our room was very clean, modern and excellent bathroom facilities. Highly recommend. However... don't wait for the promised shuttle. We sat in the airport for an hour and I had confirmed by email the shuttle times and location but none came. The airport information person said, sometimes it comes, sometimes it doesn't. It was about a 25 euro ride from the airport to the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AndyDurham
<Content>Excellent Hotel Very convenient location - we walked evrywhere. Spotless and well presented. A lot of work been done to bring it right up to date. Very helpful staff. No problems at all.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>maestradeespanol
<Content>Great Hotel This is a great hotel on the Gran Via in Madrid. The rooms were cleanand well maintained. The bathroom was also very nice. My room was on the 4th floor facing a side street. The noise level was low and did not bother me a single night. The staff was helpful and patient. I highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mazu369
<Content>Clean and good location!       view from the window  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ianlg
<Content>Excellent Experience! Can't wait to go back.       view from the window  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blondiejt
<Content>A Heavenly Honeymoon Just got back from our honeymoon and would have to say that we had a spectacular time. The staff was wonderful. We had one of the the most beautiful rooms in the hotel. It had 2 balconies overlooking the Grand Via. It was very romantic.Thank you Hotel Atlantico. You made our honeymoon unforgettable!Location was excellent (close to subways)  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>123ie
<Content>Great Location recently stayed at the atlantico hotelproslocation is excellent on gran via metro near you can walk everywhere easily staff were very professional all english speaking and nicevery clean lovely room good valueconsshuttle bus ended at 17.30 which was too early for our arrival this shuttle is free the return costs 12 euro which compares to a 30 euro taxi fare no bar madrid highlights museumsshopping or real madridflamenco dancing which hotel organises  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>kimmbbers2
<Content>Horrible shower but nice hotel otherwise Overall this is a nice hotel and clean. Had a room facing the Gran Via and was noisy. The location is great, easy to get to almost everywhere. Hotel staff was pretty helpful overall. Main complaint was the shower, the head is in the middle of the tub and extremely difficult to take a shower.I have traveled a lot of places and Madrid is a city I would never go back to as an American, was treated pretty bad at most places in the city, nonservice at restaurants and actually called a stupid American at a shop.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Lisa823
<Content>Can't Wait to go Back The location is great - within walking distance of many of the great landmarks to visit. Although the Grand Via is very busy, the rooms are very quite. The balcony is a great place to sit and watch the world go by in the early hours of the morning....The rooms were newly decorated to a very high standard and very clean. Staff were friendly and extremely helpful... will be going back there next time I'm in Madrid  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chopper4490
<Content>Very nice stay We had a nice stay for three nights at the Atlantico. The location is very good, directly on the Gran Via, about a 10 minute walk to Puerto del Sol. It is a very busy street, with lots of traffic at all hours, but the room was quiet with the windows closed. The room was clean, and the bathroom was modern, with a full tub/shower. The staff spoke good English and were helpful with reservations and transportation needs. A metro stop was a few blocks away. Overall, a good choice.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>newzealandqaza
<Content>Brilliant location As the plane touched the tarmac we could not fail to be impressed with Norman Foster's airport masterpiece at the new Madrid airport.On leaving the airport just outside the terminal exit,our hearts leapt as we spied a Best Western Hotel's minibus,do not hang around here unless you have pre booked it ,(as we learnt, )because the driver is not going to turn up from the blue.Even ringing the hotel did not come to an fruitful conclusion,as they said he should arrive at 2.30 nobody appeared,then yes he should arrive at 3.30pm definately- nothing!!!!.We got a metro in the end after getting a free transport to the old airport with about 3 changes up and down steps(not advisable with heavy luggage).The staff at the hotel Atlantico on the Gran Via were not very empathetic about our experience, because it looked as if a separate company run the transport system and it wasn't their concern.,although on pointing to a board in the lobby,it was best to purchase the return tickets the day before,which we did,it was 6 euros well spent on a 25 minute ride which was great and saved lots of steps in the metro and luggging of luggage.Whilst the journey to the hotel took an hour and a half!!!!!The hotel was very nice, recently refurbished, we had a triple room which was very spacious with bathrobes, slippers, T.V and safe.The maid turned down your bed in the evening,adorning the pillow with an elegant chocolate.If I am to be picky I found the bed to be abit hard with little or no spring.,this could be improved.It was really worth having breakfast which was lovely cereals,cheese, scrambled eggs,sausage, danish pastries,rolls, fruit yogurts and fruit juice,cold meats set you up for the day,not to mention tea and coffee.All in all we enjoyed staying at the Atlantico,the location was brilliant,just across the road from the metro ,bus and tourist information.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Ana Mar铆a
<Content>FANTASTIC! Hotel Atlantico was perfect! We were two couples and stayed in rooms 810 and 812 (recently refurbished) and they were marvelous. The room was big and super modern. The breakfast buffet was just 8 euros and delicious (compared to 20 euros of other hotels we stayed in the same trip). We really didn't imagine a best western can be so nice! We were expecting a comfortable room and that's it...but they even have bathrobes and slippers!! I would definitely return to this hotel. The location is perfect in the Gran Via. Five minutes walk to Puerta del Sol, one block to metro stop, near everything! They have internet in your room but you can't see your mails, just navigate...but there is a cyber in front of the hotel...so it wasn't a big problem.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>al345sf
<Content>Hotel Atlantico I love you! After finding the worst place to stay in Madrid, I resulted to walking from hotel to hotel, looking for a room. After visiting, several hotels on the Gran Via, I was fortunate to wander into Hotel Atlantico. The friendly staff welcomed me, and I was lucky to find that they had a few rooms still available. The large room had recently been renovated. It was simply lovely! It had a balcony overlooking the Gran Via with a view of the royal palace in the distance. The bathroom was big, clean, and beautiful. It looked like something out of a magazine. I stayed six nights. The entire staff were polite, friendly and helpful. I would recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Advisortip
<Content>It is perfect We are a family of 4 with 2 young kids, and we got a triple room with breakfast incl for 140Euro, end of June. Excellent location, we cannot ask for a better place, it is right in the middle of everything. 2 subway station within 3 mns walk, 10 mns to Puerto Del Sol, lots of corner stores around, shops, cinemas, theatres..... you name it, we actually took only 4 times the subway to site seen, everything is walking distance. The rooms are excellent, clean, roomy, high celing, with amenities packaged like a 5 stars hotel. My kids can play balls in the room, so you can imagine the size it is not tiny like other hotels in Europe at all. Our room is on the 5th floor with the balcony facing Gran Via, we enjoyed tremendously those evening watching down on the street and people. The room is quiet after you close the shutters, very well sound proof. They actually cleaned the room twice per day. The breakfast is so so, you will need some time to get used to the old man's manner, he is not necessary the warmest person, the coffee is really bad, but on our last day, he tried to make some effort to improve it for us, it does take time. The staff is Ok, professional, answer right to the point, that's it. Edouardo is excellent though. We took the shuttle to the airport for 6 Euro, a bargain absolutely. However, the shuttles are not frequent, confirm and re-confirm for the shuttle, once you missed it, it is another 2 hours wait, and they stayed at the airport for maybe 10 - 15 mns for pick-up. The pick-up is with all the others hotel shuttle pickup but there is no sign, so just ask the other drivers. I checked and compared a lot of the 3 stars hotel around like carlos V, Preciados, and I actually passed before them, but location wise, this is the best. and with all the extras (shuttle, breakfast...) I cannot get a better deal. I will defintely stay there again, and strongly recommend this hotel. Best stay and experience so far in Europe.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Likesomeluxury
<Content>Everything you should expect from a 3 star hotel Good location, friendly and bilingual staff at front desk, free Wi-Fi in the lounge (you have to pay for internet use in your room). Rooms are not large, but clean, extremely confortable and attractively decorated. We requested a room off the street and got one with a view of an airshaft so it was very quiet if a bit dark. Bathrooms are modern and come with hairdryer, toiletries (e.g. shampoo, q-tips). Rooms also have robe and slippers and who doesnt like finding a small chocolate bar on their bed each day? We took the airport shuttle both ways. Call or email ahead to reserve pick up. Pick up is free, return trip is 6 euros.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>giantdino
<Content>good location We stayed there for 4 nights last winter. Great location! Clean and nice room with fair price. But the drawback is their rude staff. They were mean and not helpful at all. We booked the hotel from expedia. The website said there is a travel agent onsite but this is not true. You need to go across the street to find it. But booking some packages to visit some nearby old towns really worths the money!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>TATIENNE
<Content>Room 402 Is The Best ! Fantastic Location, Staff Not Very Friendly But Who Cares I stayed at this hotel last week (single room 拢64 approx). I went to Madrid with a friend so we booked 2 single rooms. Very nice reception area, when we checked in she asked for a smoking room. We first when to leave her bags so we checked the room and it was HORRIBLEEEEEE. YUK YUK YUK. Tiny, smelly, with a view to a brick wall, single bed. awful!!! After that we checked mine and it was GORGEOUS, MASSIVE, GREAT BATHROOM, TV, INTERNET, MINI BAR, MASSIVE DOUBLE BED, ENORMOUS WINDOWS, ETC ETC ETC. I LOVED IT. (DO NOT ASK FOR A SMOKING ROOM)Breakfast is very basic but who eats that much in the morning anyway!!! the only downfall i think is the staff they are not NICE AT ALL specially in the breakfast area we asked for more coffee and the guy almost send us to hell. the reception people are a bit better but not so much. I still think this hotel is great for the price you are paying because its VERY well located and if you don't smoke rooms are actually very nice and clean.  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Jewel of a Hotel Gorgeous hotel in the heart of the city. All attractions were within walking distance. Terrific free breakfast. The airlines lost our bags but the hotel staff was very courteous directing us to good stores to buy replacements. Nice sized room with hard wood floors - they had 4 beds for us and our 2 children exactly as they had promised they would.Very moderately priced and I'll stay here again in a heartbeat. All guided tours to neighbouring cities started from within 3 blocks from the hotel. Thank you trip Advisor - your reviews help me pick good hotels each time.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More than met expectations! I recently booked (at the last minute) for my parents, my girlfriend and I to stay at the Best Western Atlantico in Madrid, as we thought it would be nice to surprise my Dad for his Birthday by whisking him away on a city break.As we had decided to book at the last minute, rooms were filling up fast, which meant that prices were rising by the hour and so, based on what I had read on Tripadvisor, I booked.I was a little sceptical as to whether I had made the best decision having read the all of the previous reveiws, but on reflection I really need not have been. I have only two criticisms of the hotel: (1) The music played in the elevators and dining room is appalling (think dodgy club singer sings cheesy old soft rock covers but instead of the singer, dub it with porn saxophone and you're about there; and (2) Our rooms did not have exterior windows (which is fine, but given the choice I'd prefer a view - NB. I did not request such an amenity when I booked!).I thought the hotel (rooms and communal area) was extremely clean, well presented and spacious. Our room comprised everything you could want, including a sink each and both standard and hydrotherapy showers (great for pummelling your shoulders after a long day spent trudging around museums and parks!). The staff were faultless, superb and extremely polite - they spoke better English than a lot of English people do nowadays and were attentive, efficient and made excellent recommendations for travel, restaurants, bars, sights etc.The breakfast was generous, with an excellent variety (we had a coeliac travelling with us and she had plenty to choose from) and was superb value for money - a really good start to the day.Probably the best thing about the Atlantico is the location. It doesn't get better than this if you want to be at the heart of the action in Madrid. It is walking distance to the majority of the main attractions (we didn't use public transport once and exhausted 90% of the sights in the Lonely Planet guide on foot!). Also, it is worth mentioning that even though is sits on the Gran Via (undoubtedly the busiest street in Spain's capital) the rooms in the hotel were extremely well sound-proofed and offered a lovely tranquil retreat from the hustle and bustle of the outside world.I will definitely be checking out the Atlantico's availability if I return to Madrid in the future.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Deal Rooms were large and well appointed. Right on Gran Via but room had double glazing, balconey and powered shutters. Great breakfast. Very helpful staff who went out of their way to serve. Called a shop where no one spoke English and indicated to owners what we wanted all without charge or hands out for a tip. Would stay here again and I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and our experience was just fine! The location could not be better - great for shoppers!! Lots of restaurants and bars nearby too, the pub attached to it is nice but really smoky, as most pubs are. The hotel staff were ok, not the friendliest but they were helpful when needed and spoke english. The room was very clean and surprisingly quiet considering the busy location. If you have a car, be prepared to pay a little over 25 Euro PER DAY for parking. Only one garage to park in and it's about a 5 minute walk, which seems long with lots of luggage to bring up (no spot to pull up in front of hotel either). The front desk person said there could be places on the street nearby to park but it is highly unrecommended. All in all, no complaints about the hotel. We were happy and comfortable there. Good value for Madrid!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smbooth1250
<Content>2 thumbs up I just got back from a 4 night stay at the Hotel Atlantico in Madrid, Spain with 5 of my friends (we're in our late 20's). I thought the hotel was extremely affordable  clean. The rooms were not huge but did the trick for as much time as we spent in them. We never had a problem with hot water. The staff was friendly and recommended alot of local scenes and restaurants to check out. The hotel was perfectly located in the heart of the city within walking distance of all the major tourist attractions. I'd definetly stay there again and would recommend this hotel to anyone. The staff speaks pretty decent english unlike the rest of the popluation in Madrid. :)  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stephanie25
<Content>Great Location, Crap Hotel We stayed in the Hotel Atlantico for 2 nights in Feb 2006. Before we arrived I had spent numerous attempts to try and guarantee a double bed in our room which the staff refused to do. As it happens when we arrived we did have a double bed. The room itself was very small and dark and our view non existent(brick wall). The rooms are soundproofed so you cannot hear any of the outside traffic - which is quite substantial! However, you can hear everything going on inside the hotel. Hot water was also a problem, we only had hot water first thing in the morning and only cold water in the evening! If you want to stay somewhere in Madrid thats very well located and you don't mind living without your creature comforts, I would recommend this hotel. Otherwise choose somewhere else to stay.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the place we stayed in room 703 and it was very nice not small at all the staff were very friendly and i would recomend this hotel to any brit wanting to stay in central madrid  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>HotelfanNetherlands
<Content>You get what you pay for               More photos  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JorgeZD
<Content>Excellent! I had a wonderful stay at the Best Western Atlantico this past October.The location is excellent and the service was friendly and very welcoming.I would recommend this hotel to just about anyone who wants a quality hotel for the right price.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kiwilondonguy
<Content>Excellent location, small room Styaed there in November. Excellent location, just minutes walk from the chueca area and the metro stations. Breakfast was great. Good selection, fresh food and friendly staff.The only issue I had was that I booked a double bed, and the room was so small the double bed was pushed up against the wall which meant that I had to sleep facing the wall.Apart from that, I would return!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'd stay there again, Hotel Atlantico The Hotel Atlantico in Madrid Spain is a great choice for location, amenities, and affordably priced. Everything is within walking distance, it is very clean and the staff efficient. After worrying about the noise, the small rooms, air conditioning, the best location, etc. I finally reserved a run-of-house room at the Hotel Atlantico and was very, very pleased with my choice. We had a balcony with french doors, very small balcony but thrilled that we had one at all, the air conditioning worked wonderfully, we had a mini frig stocked with affordable items, we had a tub and a shower, blow dryer, safe, and the room was as quiet as any I have stayed in. The breakfast buffet was plentiful, the towels were changed daily, all the things I had read about that were cause for worry were not a part of my experience at this hotel. The room was very small, but that is expected in any big city. I cannot say enough that if you are concerned about any of these things, stay at Hotel Atlantico and I think you will be pleased. I would not hesitate to stay there again. Sandy from Mississippi  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place The Atlantico is really well placed for getting around Madrid. The staff were really informative and readily agreed to a room change for us which we requested because of the noise from the lift shaft. Our new room was a bit smaller but as we only wanted to sleep and shower there it didn't really matter. Our friends had a great view over the Grand Via and the noise level wasn't too bad because they were on the 6th floor. Facilities for making a brew would have been appreciated but I don't suppose that that's the continental way. Would be very happy to go back.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gobob
<Content>Atlantico Was Great We stayed at the Atlantico in February 2005. The location is great, on the Gran Via in the heart of the city. It is close to two metro stops serving three separate lines, and is within walking distance to the Prado and Thyssen museums as well as the Plaza Mayor and the Puerta del Sol shopping area, and nearby nightlife areas. The hotel is very clean, in a makeover sort of way. There was a new paint smell in our room, which was reassuring. We were on the fifth floor, looking onto an interior courtyard that was insulated from the street noise. The room and the bathroom were updated and clean, and were very safe -contrary to other reviews. We did not try the breakfast buffet, which was a tad expensive at 8 euro per person, but there are great breakfast places nearby (and a Dunkin Donuts across the street for hardcore New Englanders). Also, the hotel gave us two free drinks at the second floor bar upon check-in. The hotel was still being renovated during our stay, meaning that there was quite a bit of noise during working hours, but it was very easy to catch rest at night. They will have a new ninth floor bar upon completion. I would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel, but beware The front desk staff were very nice. The breakfast buffet was tasty. However, the bathroom faucet had a very loud and obnoxious jack-hammer noise whenever turned on. The rooms were old-fashioned, but charming and clean. One BIG problem.... take your valuables with you... my wallet with my credit cards was stolen from my suitcase in my hotel room.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnonymousCornwall
<Content>Very small rooms We stayed at the Atlantico in August. It was OK but the room was tiny and very old fashioned. Felt a bit let down as the photos made it look quite luxurious. Brill location though.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2004
<Rating>2	4	-1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel and Location   showReview(2856432, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT location BUT...   showReview(2807374, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>purpleclam
<Content>Beware unrenovated rooms   showReview(2795243, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay, staff, breakfast, location!   showReview(2515154, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location   showReview(2458199, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reason to Return Again   showReview(1792299, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>not a good night's sleep   showReview(1725932, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location   showReview(1501385, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beware the 4th floor   showReview(1369852, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The Atlantico Hotel   showReview(496253, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Silverpape
<Content>Ottimo hotel   showReview(23343895, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>misteralpa
<Content>Il migliore hotel a Madrid   showReview(23247714, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sirvi
<Content>estupendo   showReview(23067424, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>neo186
<Content>Il Best Western Atlantico 猫 Favoloso!!!!!Consigliatissimo!!       La terrazza dell'hotel!!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Si tratta di un ottima...   showReview(22306008, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un tr茅s bon h么tel au coeur de...   showReview(22049400, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione strategica molto...   showReview(22256274, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Davidvillereau
<Content>H么tel top hyper central       chambre 512  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mlaura
<Content>Fantastico   showReview(21423386, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Unsere Gruppe von 6 Personen...   showReview(21662788, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Unser Aufenthalt dauerte 4 Tage...   showReview(21444415, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La ubicaci贸n es muy buena, Las...   showReview(20974848, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>museephile
<Content>Excellent h么tel   showReview(20330794, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Desde bastante tiempo en mis o...   showReview(20975025, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>juankaCaracas
<Content>Excelente Hotel de categor铆a 4 estrellas       Vista de la ciudad desde la habitaci贸n  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo ottimo sia per la...   showReview(20133075, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>albergo molto confortevole   showReview(20549955, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ALBERGO CONSIGLIATO PULITO E...   showReview(20387052, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gambero53
<Content>splendido   showReview(19860379, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>meraviglioso   showReview(20549954, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder, super zentral, netter Service   showReview(20549950, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>centrale e pulito   showReview(20549952, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Centralissimo. Albergo ideale   showReview(20549953, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>soddisfattissimo!   showReview(19637913, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>assolutamente non soddisfatto...ecco il perch猫!!!   showReview(19637908, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bel hotel bien situ茅   showReview(19637904, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CRI_160
<Content>fantastico!!!!   showReview(19242844, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>estremamente perfetto!   showReview(19637903, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>emaRome
<Content>un bello hotel in posizione ottima, ma stanza piccola   showReview(19229870, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(19637902, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournons d猫s que possible   showReview(19637901, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>satisfaits   showReview(19637898, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo, a due passi da Metro e dal Centro   showReview(19637897, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel consigliabile per貌..   showReview(19637894, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lolocollomb
<Content>A recommander   showReview(19061502, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>baffo63
<Content>Centrale e confortevole   showReview(19003167, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅/prix   showReview(19637905, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel in centro a Madrid   showReview(19637890, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo, proprio quello che cercavo   showReview(19637889, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>D茅cue par le manque isolation phonique   showReview(19637912, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>buon albergo   showReview(19637888, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo posizione perfetta   showReview(19637910, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr茅s bel hotel tr茅s bien situ茅   showReview(19637893, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Id茅alement situ茅 et tr猫s bien entretenu   showReview(18523452, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo albergo   showReview(18523435, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon hotel   showReview(18523451, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s choqu茅 par l'attitude des membres de la r茅ception   showReview(18523447, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(18523438, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A la hauteur de nos attentes   showReview(18523437, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>superbe hotel   showReview(18523436, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TUTTO PERFETTO   showReview(18523434, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent h么tel bien situ茅   showReview(18523433, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gro脽artige Lage im Herzen von Madrid   showReview(18523432, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜ら€氫究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19172367, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>jederzeit wieder   showReview(18523430, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien situ茅 dans Madrid   showReview(18523431, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Centralissimo. Albergo ideale per un breve soggiorno   showReview(17430487, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Volver茅 si el precio lo permite   showReview(17430488, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Uno dei migliori hotel che ho utilizzato   showReview(17430485, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo rapporto qualit脿/prezzo   showReview(17430486, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>non ci sono parole   showReview(17430484, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>non mi pare un 4 stelle   showReview(17430482, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>situation excellente et accueil professionnel.   showReview(17430483, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s agr茅able   showReview(17430468, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo se pure...   showReview(17430481, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel   showReview(16586859, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pas mal.....   showReview(16586858, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel in posizione centrale sulla Gran Via   showReview(16586861, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lage ist 盲u脽erst g眉nstig!   showReview(16586862, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>empfehlenswert   showReview(16586856, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima scelta!   showReview(16586860, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent Hotel!   showReview(16586854, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>une adresse 脿 retenir   showReview(16586857, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr gut, gerne wieder   showReview(16586846, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>OTTIMO HOTEL MASSIMA PULIZIA...   showReview(16730832, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Werde das Hotel wieder buchen   showReview(16586844, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(16586843, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon emplacement   showReview(16586845, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo   showReview(16586855, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bellissimo!!   showReview(15564031, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A recommander   showReview(15564025, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel Atlantico / Madrid, sehr zu empfehlen   showReview(15564024, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>eccellente - il mio hotel a Madrid   showReview(15564023, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres convenable   showReview(15564021, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>centralissimo e comodo   showReview(15564033, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E' il mio hotel a Madrid per sempre   showReview(15564032, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lage super   showReview(15564019, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	1	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s contente de cette hotel et je le recommande car tr猫s centrale et facile d'acc猫s   showReview(15564022, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eccezzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzionale   showReview(15564017, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ideale x visitare la citt脿   showReview(15564018, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien situ茅, bel immeuble, belle chambre et bons petits d茅jeuners   showReview(15564006, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅-prix...   showReview(16727515, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Da ritornarci presto   showReview(15564016, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>rapporto qualit脿/prezzo assolutamente positivo   showReview(15564015, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo   showReview(15564009, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima scelta   showReview(15564008, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rose036
<Content>Merveilleux h么tel   showReview(14767151, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un hotel fantastico   showReview(15564007, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y retournerons et je le recommande   showReview(15564020, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Klein Problem mit der Zimmer, sofort geloest   showReview(15564005, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Style inimitable, quartier anim茅, connexion internet dans les chambres   showReview(14728070, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder.   showReview(14728069, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo   showReview(14728063, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>una sola parola: PERFETTO!!!   showReview(14728062, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>peut 锚tre recommander sans h茅sitation.   showReview(14728057, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r Madridbesucher die im Zentrum wohnen wollen   showReview(14728059, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>il miglior albergo che ci ho soggiornato   showReview(14728055, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un petit ecrin d'hotel   showReview(14728064, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>centrale comodo silenzioso   showReview(14728060, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent   showReview(14728054, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel tres agreable mais le service etait desastreux. ni bonjour, ni au revoir.. pour un 3 茅toiles..   showReview(14728053, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 confortevole e di...   showReview(14202613, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tutto bello tranne la camera 319   showReview(14728051, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein sehr sch枚nes Hotel im...   showReview(16725984, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fantastico!!! Una habitaci贸n...   showReview(14293397, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lo consiglio caldamente!   showReview(13975723, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent hotel   showReview(13975720, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>potteremil
<Content>Sehr zentral !! mit sehr sch枚ner Dachterrasse       Blick aus dem Hotel  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo Hotel a Madrid   showReview(13975719, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Je sais o霉 je descends au prochain salon ARCO...   showReview(13975718, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Total ok   showReview(13975716, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>D茅cor茅 avec go没t   showReview(13975715, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sorpresa piacevolissima!!!!!!!!!!!!!   showReview(13975717, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bellissimo   showReview(13975712, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bello centrale pulito consigliato   showReview(13975714, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s central et propre mais chambre tres petite   showReview(13975711, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bien   showReview(13975707, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>comodo   showReview(13191667, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un excellent h么tel et un acceuil tr猫s efficace du personnel   showReview(13191666, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'ai pass茅 3 nuits 脿 l'hotel...   showReview(13163141, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>notevole   showReview(13191661, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il miglior hotel in cui sono mai stata!   showReview(13191663, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La reception senza sfarzo apre...   showReview(13163381, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un albergo veramente bello ed...   showReview(12908753, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo hotel e in pieno centro meglio di cosi   showReview(13191659, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eccellente. Da consigliare senza riserve.   showReview(13191658, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon hotel   showReview(13191657, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr茅s bon moment   showReview(13191655, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>OTTIMO   showReview(13191654, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel int茅ressant   showReview(13191653, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>eccezionale!!!!!!!!   showReview(13191652, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Veramente ottimo   showReview(13191651, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo   showReview(18523449, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fantastico una delle cose da visitare di Madrid   showReview(18523448, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Niente male ma la singola uso singola 猫 proprio un buco   showReview(13191650, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo   showReview(13191649, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Meraviglioso.....Vale 5 stelle   showReview(13191648, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Service kl盲glich   showReview(11301632, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel esta muy bien ubicado...   showReview(11372158, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>eccellente   showReview(11301634, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>durchaus zu empfehlen   showReview(11301631, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ho fatto .....centro!   showReview(11301630, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 ben localizzato...   showReview(11372160, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BlancTokyo
<Content>un peu decu   showReview(10782735, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	5	4	2	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bonne situation, une adresse 脿 garder   showReview(11301627, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Lage   showReview(11301629, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>W眉rde wieder dort 眉benachten   showReview(11301628, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sch枚nes Stadthotel - sehr zentrale Lage   showReview(11661694, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fast perfekt   showReview(11661693, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Andateci   showReview(11661692, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 nella centralissima...   showReview(11372162, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ritoner貌 sicuramente in un albergo della catena Best Western   showReview(11661690, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Raccomando questo hotel   showReview(11437235, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super hotel   showReview(11437232, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sicuramente uno dei pi霉 belli hotel di Madrid   showReview(11437230, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>poche volte sono stato cos矛 soddisfatto!   showReview(11437228, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel bien plac茅, pratique et confortable   showReview(11437222, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superbe Excellents services: du...   showReview(11372164, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Muy buena opci贸n de hotel para...   showReview(12650837, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Linsengericht
<Content>Prima Hotel ohne gr枚ssere Schw盲chen   showReview(8107023, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel   showReview(11494278, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Questo hotel 猫 sicuramente...   showReview(11372156, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolle zentrale Lage!   showReview(11425228, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pas de parking, obligation...   showReview(11372170, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous avons pass茅 4 jours au...   showReview(11372168, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel trs猫 satisfaisant   showReview(11425227, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel est谩 en pleno centro a...   showReview(11372166, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo albergo   showReview(11425225, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>OTTIMO HOTEL SITUATO IN ZONA...   showReview(11372172, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>je ne recommande pas   showReview(11425224, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo vicinissimo a 2 fermate metro   showReview(11402595, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolle Lage   showReview(11402584, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un bon hotel en plein centre   showReview(11402583, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous avons pass茅 deux jours 脿...   showReview(11372152, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11394670, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bonne suprise: Tr猫s soign茅 pour le prix annonc茅!   showReview(11394657, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Dimensioni camere   showReview(11394656, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tutto molto bene. Ottimo...   showReview(11372154, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>HOTEL A CONSEILLER   showReview(11389796, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione centrale, comodo per...   showReview(12650103, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Giudizio   showReview(11385305, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vitality
<Content>Ottimo Hotel Atlantico   showReview(6571653, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bellissimo!   showReview(11385290, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ci tornerei anche subito!   showReview(11381085, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Davvero un ottimo hotel. in...   showReview(11372173, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Situation id茅ale pour visiter a...   showReview(11372174, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>e veramente bello ma soprattutto ben collegato   showReview(11381083, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione ottima   showReview(11378618, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j y retournerai lors d un prochain sejour   showReview(11378617, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo   showReview(11378616, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Considero que es un hotel que...   showReview(11372175, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel central et parfait pour la visite de Madrid   showReview(11363253, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ich werde das Hotel weiterempfehlen   showReview(11343741, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieeder   showReview(11343739, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>buon hotel a un ottimo prezzo   showReview(11343737, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Todo exelente. Deber铆a tener...   showReview(11372176, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>EXTREMENT DECU   showReview(11329747, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El hotel atlantico es excelente...   showReview(11372177, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Davvero un ottimo rapporto...   showReview(11372178, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

