<Author>Safadinho
<Content>Inconsistent but overall a solid choice I fly through Miami on a regular basis and this is my hotel of choice.It has these upsides: an excellent gym, an ample free breakfast, high speed Internet, an excellent location near the airport and lots of cable channels.The negatives would be slow elevators (shades de Havana) and very little nearby (shoppings, restaurants and bars). If you are flying in late, take the hotel shuttle van from the airport and pick up your rental car the next day from Enterprise (located right across the street).  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	3	4	

<Author>love7761
<Content>Great Rooms ! Great Staff ! Great Breakfast I am a travel agent and I had the pleasure of staying at the Embassy Suites. The staff was the best that I have come across in many years. They were courteous and always ready to assist. Hats off to Aldy and Nicole. Embassy Suites should be proud to have staff as great as these young ladies. They really should be in management or training other staff on how to treat guest at the hotel. I will alway try to stay at this property when I am in Miami as long as they keep this wonderful staff. Thanks!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bluedesert
<Content>A Comfortable Stay       The Bathroom  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>willmann
<Content>Good choice for pre cruise We stayed two nights pre cruise in November and found this hotel a solid choice for the money. The positives: Very large, nice but not great rooms. They include comfortable beds, large living room which has space for a table for 4, and three sinks total. Room was quiet except for some planes taking off (we faced the airport. The staff worked hard including fast check-in (still busy at 1 AM), and helpful in setting up port transportation for 23 at $10pp. The pool area was nice, although the pool was cold, and the workout room was first class. The grounds and lobby are in nice condition. The breakfast was good although large lines formed later in the morning. This is a large hotel which I suspect is very busy every weekend so expect large numbers at breakfast. The staff worked hard and seating was adequate. The negatives: The hotel is located in a no man鈥檚 land. The only possible place to walk to is a Bennigans, which I would not recommend going to after dark. We ate at the restaurant for lunch and the food and service was good, although we were the only customers. At dinner, the staff and cooks were terribly understaffed. It took forever to get our food and it came out randomly. This is with only half the tables filled, and people were waiting to get in. I would just order room service, which should take about 45 min to an hour. Towards the end of the free drink time, the line was huge with 25-30 people waiting. The two bar tenders were working hard but could not keep up with the demand.Overall a good hotel, just don鈥檛 get to dinner or the bar line late.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>luvstotravel15
<Content>Not a great Embassy Suites       Koi Pond  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>tbrielmann
<Content>Good value for an airport hotel. This is a great place to stay if you are just passing through or have a car available, though parking is pricey for an airport location at ten bucks a day. What makes this property most enjoyable is the typical Embassy Suites very large room and the good breakfast. (There are free drinks at happy hour but we were always somewhere else at the time.) We had a very comfortable king bed. Easily the best value at MIA airport. You are NOT close to downtown, the grove or Miami Beach. The restaurant on premises is lackluster. During our stay the hot water completely failed, one elevator was out of service, our room keys were mis-keyed, the thermostat and tv remotes had dead batteries. It is rare for so many issues to occur at once but I will say that our complaints brought instant results. (Yes, we had warm miami showers that one morning but after we calmly expressed our disappointment we were given a generous discount for our troubles.) Positives: Eager to please attitude prevailed. Cheerful and efficient front staff. Large, comfortable rooms. Recently updated guest rooms. Very convenient to airport. Nice pool area. Convenient to EZ (on premises) and Enterprise car rental (walk across.) A very enjoyable full breakfast is included which is a good money saver. Negatives: Older property with some issues. No restaurants within walking distance. Pay for parking and internet. Poor sattelite TV reception. Van service spotty.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	5	-1	2	

<Author>wesandkim
<Content>Stay at the Hilton instead Worst experience with this hotel. We used to stay at Embassy suites anytime we travel which would have been 5 different ones in 2 months, but this hotel changed our minds and our future reservations. Shuttle was great. We checked in and things were great, front desk staff recommended a few places to eat etc..... We decided to eat at the restaurant at the hotel (steak house)... big mistake. Food was great.... waiter was a total waste to include serving flat beer, having to ask for drinks to be refilled, asking for silverware, waiting forever for the food to clearly be able to tell it was cooked and ready and the waiter took too long to serve it. Waiter ruined dinner. We shook it off and went back to our room, watch a little TV, go to take a shower.....No HOT water and water was sitting in the tub? Can't be.... called front desk..Sending someone right up.....30 min later husband went down to front desk... moved rooms....still no hot water .....Now 10pm....changed rooms again.....no hot water, now 10:45pm. Was then told it was a boiler problem and should be fixed by morning, but we could talk to a manager... now what is he/she going to do about not having hot water boil me some and bring it to the room in sauce pans? We had to be at the airport by 5:30am could not wait until morning on a hot water and a prayer. Called guest services.... refused to give us the number to another hotel and did not have a phone book in room. I called the 800 number for embassy suites and they gave me the number to the Hilton. Then the Embassy charged us for each local call we made to try and find another room. Finally, husband was at his breaking point and calmly asked the front staff to get us a room at the Hilton and take us to that hotel. They agreed and had the shuttle take us to the other hotel. An unbelievable experience to say the least. The experience was so bad when we got home we cancelled our future stays at Embassy and booked with other hotels.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	4	4	5	1	5	

<Author>JFTraveller
<Content>Aviod if you can Having stayed at Embassy Suites in Washington DC a few days earlier we were looking forward to our 2 nights in Embassy Suites Miami Airport, having booked an executive room with a Family Package of extras. We did not book the infestation of ants however, and the hotel staff were not helpful at resolving this just handing us keys to the adjoining room, which when we checked was also full of ants. Whilst waiting for a new room a maintanence man turned up and gave a half-hearted spray around with some chemicals without moving any of the tea/coffee making equiptment or cups out of the way first. All 3 rooms we were in had not had the linen changed on the pull out bed. Restaurant poor for both food and service. A big let down all round,  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>bigdog12771
<Content>No Complaints here!       Room  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cardomon
<Content>Mixed review This is so hard. We stayed at this hotel twice during our stay in Florida. For 1 night on the 1st night then for the last 2 nights when TS Fay cut short our Key West stay.The one night stay was fine room fine, early to bed as usual when you arrive from the UK, big breakfast in the morning, no problems. Short taxi ride to Alamo to pick up the car then off to Orlando.Incidently if you choose Enterprise they are located directly across the street, and EZ cars have a office inside the hotel.The two night stay were were given an 8th floor room (we were on the 2nd floor for our 1 night stay) which smelt of damp. The second night we chose to eat at the restaurant. The food was good, expensive but this is a hotel.The restaurant staff were awful. Full of attitude. 3 side items were missing, but still appeared on the bill. When we queried this the girl took the bill and after a long talk with the manager came back to tell us the manager had agreed to removed them from the bill. 20% gratuity (we were a party of 8) some of the worst service we had in Florida. I think she was taken aback when we told her we had already the deducted the cost of the missing items and just walked away from the table leaving the money there.Back to the good. I wanted to send a parcel back to England, the security office couldn't be more helpful, the front desk were great, special mention to the girl who serves the cocktails. Perhaps she could train the restaurant in customer care.All in all I'd probably stay here again, but only for one night, its location for the airport and car hire are great and breakfast is great.Keep off the 8th floor and steer clear of the restaurant if you have a party (or split the party into 2 x 4 so at least they have to try for the tips)  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>estinem
<Content>Circus 2nd time to miami and decided to stay at the embassy, the hotel is stuck in the 80's era but the service from front desk is great and atentive. as for maid service it took 30 minutes for soap. i ate there 2 meals that were good but service stanck as the manager was talking about sexual objects with the waitress. check out was fast and smooth. won't come back again  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	2	5	3	2	

<Author>parfro
<Content>View from a wheelchair We chose this hotel for an overnight stay because it was such a short distance from the terminal. I could not get into its shuttle, so we found a wheelchair cab and the hotel paid for it as well as for the one gong back the next morning. We were very surprised!The accessible bedroom was on the 7th floor and we were pleased to see how much space there was. In the bedroom was a basin - set much lower than the one in the bathroom, but I could not go near either of them because they had doors set flush underneath! How stupid is that?Otherwise, the bathroom was most acceptable and the suite was very comfortable.Breakfast in the atrium was a bit too crowded for my liking and if you are catching a plane the cooked-to-order food will certainly delay you. We stayed with cereal etc.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>RILtraveler
<Content>Florida atmosphere but service could be better The shuttle to the hotel was free and convenient. We rented through EZ car rental which is located in the hotel lobby. Our room was clean and large but nothing special. The bed was firm but adequate.One elevator was not working and getting to our floor was a pain. It is under contruction so try to book a room on a lower floor that you can walk to.There is no free internet. You have to pay or use the business center which was full of kids instant messaging, doing myspace, etc. The management makes no effort to limit time on the computers - I guess they want you to get frustrated and pay for internet.Customer service is poor, the staff really didn't seem to care. But the price is ok, we paid $140 per night, and if you want to be close to the airport it is fine. You will need a car to get around. It is tricky getting into the hotel entrance by car, in fact driving around in that area is tricky. Our garmin was even confused. We were going on a cruise and the cost of the shuttle to the port is $10 per person. The free buffet breakfast was good, better than most hotels.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	2	1	

<Author>Adrian Loveridge
<Content>Stress, Stress and more Stress If you are thinking of booking a hotel near the airport pre or post flight with the least stress factor, then do not book here.We actually stayed five nights and prepaid.First, without doubt, it is the longest I have ever waited for a courtesy bus from the airport to the hotel.One solitary front desk clerk was trying to book in several guests, so another prolonged wait.Of the five elevators (there appeared to be no service elevators, so maids and porters had to use the only ones accessible to guests), four were working. So to get to the seventh floor (where our room was) it often took 10 to 15 minutes. Multiply this at least five times a day and you can sense the annoyance.This was further aggravated when issued key cards mysteriously and frequently did not work which required another extended wait to get them re-issued.The lure of a 'cooked to order breakfast' had its booking attraction, but the reality is quite different. Every day we had to line-up behind 20 to 30 people and then scrable to try and find a clean unoccupied table.It did not seem to make a difference whether it was 7am or 9am.The noise generated from literally scores of seemingly un-supervised children in the breakfast room and lobby drowned out any jumbo jet taking off over the hotel. On our first night we tried the solitary restaurant (The Barcelona).After first being told we would have to wait as they were busy. We were seated some minutes later, only to count 13 diners and at least 6 serving staff.We gave up on room service one night as we could not get an answer from either the front desk or room service numbers.Two other nights room service worked well but be prepared to pay $2.50 delivery charge plus 20% service and then a tip on top.On our last day we had arranged for a late check-out only to have the room maids bang on our door at least 10 times.And finanally, after settling our extras bill, at 1.50pm we waited for a 2pm airport courtesy bus. When it hadn't arrived by 2.10pm, I questioned reception as to when we could expect it and the concierge stated with had missed the 2pm, despite being there the entire time.In hindsight, we had a choice of two hotels, Embassy Suites or the Sofitel. Next time, I will waive the 'free cooked to order breakfast' and book somewhere I can hear myself think and access my room in a reasonable time.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>James Journey
<Content>Fool me once... This is an older Embassy Suites. The suite layout is pretty roomy and fairly comfortable. The staff was friendly. There was a mustiness about the hotel and the greenery in the atrium was old and dull. What made my 2 night stay there a little crazy was that the hotel was near capacity with family reunions. The elevators were packed and slow. There was long lines for breakfast and on my last morning there I was unable to get a cup of coffee and a Sunday newspaper. Don't think I will return or recommend.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zakima
<Content>Excellent hotel for family       hotel garden area  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>cj3kids
<Content>Not up to Hilton Standards Embassy Suites Miami Airport is the worst hotel that I have experienced in the Hilton chain. Dead fish odor in the laundry room trash can. Fire alrm went off 10 times during the evening and night, TV and microwave did not work, did not have wash cloths and front desk sent up tan handtowels (rags) used by housekeeping to clean with to be used as washcloths. Rooms were filthy and food and cosmetic remains of previous quests were evident everywhere. Complaints went unanswered.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	1	1	3	

<Author>GD77
<Content>Great experience overall except for the location Great experience overall. The only real negative is the location. There's not much out there within walking distance or is the neighborhood really conducive to walking. You really need a car to go anywhere.Staff was extremely helpful and pleasant. The breakfasts and mangers receptions are great and way above your standard complimentary breakfast deals.A minor negative was the room was a little dirty - neat and tidy but the cleanliness could be improved, e.g. felt like there was sand on the sheets underneath the cover and there were pubic hairs in the bathroom and bathtub.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	2	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>Masterkodie
<Content>Needs updating Beautiful old building. Indoor garden very nice. Rooms very out dated. Full size bed was at best oversized twin. Airconditioner very loud and draining from ceiling into kitchen area sink. Micro-wave disfunctional and everything very cramped. Very disappointed.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>dtcruzer
<Content>Typical Embassy Suites We stayed for two nights in May/08 before heading out on a cruise. Our entire family of 5 agreed that it was pretty much a typical Embasy Suites. The pool and fitness area were nice. Very close to MIA airport. Would stay there again.Have a good tripD. T. Cruzzer  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>beachlover325
<Content>Great airport hotel!       Room 809  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>globetrotting2003
<Content>Perfect for a airport hotel We stayed here as a overnight prior to our trip and overnight at the end of our trip.Great airport hotel, we enjoyed the free breakfast and the free evening cocktail reception. We found the best rate by contacting the hotel directly. We chose this hotel because it offers hotel pickup and drop off 24 hours, going every 20 mins, and also offers a shuttle service the Dolphin Mall. Just outside the property and walking distance of about 5 mins is Bennigans, which we ate at, the food was great and service and price was good.It was good value for money and I would stay here again.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Waltersabroad
<Content>Great building, pity about the rooms Fantastic looking building even though it's close enough to the airport to see (and hear) the planes take off and land. Despite the beautiful courtyard with palms, waterfalls and even some caged birds and the restaurant, which was not half bad, the rooms and other services in the area were lacking. Problems in room included a faulty toilet that sounded like the wall was going to come down each time you flushed; an airconditioner that leaked water (and it puddled) on the carpet in front of the fridge. When the AC was turned on it sounded like a V8 engine coming through the room. Also, had to call twice for toilet paper to be delivered to the room.The microwave did not work and of the two TVs in the room, one did not work (had a line running across the screen) and the other's remote was broken. Also, after sitting in the lounge area of the room for an hour, bug bites appeard on our legs - not sure what they were, but it was disgusting.As for services, do not use the gift shop or room service. Two diet cokes (10 oz bottels) cost us $9.00 - room service, while the gift shop was overpriced beyond belief.I always stay at an Embassy Suites, but will never stay at this one again. Two nights was bad enough.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	3	1	3	

<Author>love2travel016
<Content>problems in paradise I was travelling on a family gathering in Miami, and my family booked at this hotel previously. I arrived at 2230 on a Thursday and Friday morning enjoyed the breakfast they offered, subsequently we left the hotel around 1430 on Friday and returned at 1600, on return luggage from our room had been stolen. My major concern was the way in which the hotel handled this, the first question they asked was should we call the police? I also noted that on return at least 3 room doors were opened by housekeeping and the rooms unprotected by employees, thus violating their own policy - to get into this hotel you have to go through a gate into a secured compound. My warning is this: the hotel accomodations are nice and pleasant, be very careful about your possessions and use the safe!  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	3	1	3	

<Author>Beach2Cowgirl
<Content>Amazing!       Embassy Suites - Happy Hour  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MJK from Atlanta
<Content>I wouldn't stay here again...not bad, but... I stayed at this Embassy Suites last week for 2 nights on business. It was an average Embassy Suites... not great, not bad, but I'd stay elsewhere if I was staying near the airport in Miami. I've stayed at the Hilton, Marriott, and Homewood Suites and I prefer all 3 to this hotel. The good: Its an Embassy Suites... larger rooms, complimentary breakfast.The not so good: LOCATION. This isn't the first time I've stayed at an Embassy Suites that was inconvenient to other hotels and restaurants in the airport area. This one is close to a Red Roof Inn a gentlemen's bar and a bunch of rental car lots. It isn't close to every other hotel near the airport and it was a $15 cab ride for me to get anywhere around the airport.Cleanliness - It wasn't necessarily dirty, but I moved the couch away from the wall to plug in my computer and it appears that I was the first person to do this in a while. Clock radio was not working.At 11 PM, I had to call 3 times in order to get a wake-up call. You're a business.....answer the phone.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WorldlyTraveler81
<Content>Not alot for the money!!! The hotel was neat and clean. We were able to check in 3 hours early which was great, because we had an engagement to be at during check in.The staff was extremely friendly and nice. The Manager's cocktail hour was great, and the breakfast was fantastic. The restaurant, while I didn not eat there, advertised Omaha Steak products of which I am not a fan of. The hotel is a little hard to maneuver into the first time, but you can get the hang of it after a few in and out trips, and it was nice to know my car was parked in a secured lot with 24/7 security.Overall it was great, it is just so expensive to stay there, I paid $160 and didn't feel like it was a great deal. But if you compare with other hotels in the area, it is the most affordable hotel without complaints of mouse droppings, so we were willing to pay the price. Wish I could have gotten more bang for my buck, Miami is just an expensive place to stay!!!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jbird1277
<Content>Great stay I recently stayed here to attend a conference at the University of Miami. Having flown into the Fort Lauderdale airport, the hotel is hard to find if you are not familiar with driving in Miami. Be prepared to make a few laps around the airport before you find the entrance to the Embassy Suites. If you fly into MIA it would be very convenient, as it is right next to the airport. Look for the big pink hotel... it is hard to miss!We had a king room with a sofa bed in separete living room area, typical Embassy Suites room. The entrance to the bathroom was in the bedroom, which I didn't like, though.There was an opening sliding glass door off the bedroom that had a tiny balcony. Enough room to stand, not to sit. Although it was right next to the airport, the glass is pretty soundproofed. The balcony looked over into the pool area and the airport.The pool and hottub area was nice and made to look tropical. Although they should do a better job of keeping towels stocked.There was a long line for breakfast, which can be frustrating. The Happy Hour evening drinks was a nice feature that we enjoyed, though.The internet service in the room worked fine, although I will be glad when Embassy Suites stops charging for this service.Room service is also available.It was a short (but harrowing) drive to many spots in Miami, including South Beach, University of Miami, Little Havana, and Biscayne Beach to name a few.Overall, I would stay here again if in the Miami area. It is a good central location and much cheaper than the hotels on the beach.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lovebirdsonthego
<Content>Nice Suites hotel with great breakfast. OK Area. This hotel was very nice on the inside with lots of very lush and tropical landscaping throughout the lobby. The breakfast in the morning was great, as it is with most Embassy Suites. The room was clean and spacious. The hotel itself was close to the airport and served its purpose. There was not a lot else to do in the area and the area is not very picturesue. You will not get a very Miami feel while staying here. Everything else was great!!!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scubatripper
<Content>Too Short a Stay for Too Nice a Hotel We stayed just one night in the Miami Airport Embassy Suites, and it was a more than perfect evening before our morning flight. Like most Embassy Suites built from the ground up, this one had ten stories of rooms, all opening out into an Atrium with trees, fountains tables and wireless access. Rooms are more than comfortable and they had the best flat panel TVs I've seen in a hotel yet. One in the master bedroom and one in the living room. They also have the best free breakfast of any hotel with an omelette station, tons of fruit and breads, pretty much the works. The onsite restaurant, Barcelona, has great steaks, reasonably priced. The desk staff was extremely helpful and friendly and even offered to pick me up at my car rental facility, so I could drop my car off and not have to deal with it before my early morning flight. Even though we had a panoramic view of Miami International Airport, we didn't hear a sound in the room. Embassy Suites aren't cheap, but they are worth it.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CAHappy
<Content>Disorganized breakfast, indifferent staff, airport location. I'm a huge Hilton fan, but find the Embassy Suites vary in quality. This is the worse one I've stayed in. Pros: Rooms recently renovated.Cons: 1) Line for hot food at breakfast exceeded 20 minutes on weekdays at peak hours, even if you just want bacon you have to stand in the same line. Very annoying for business travelers. Only on weekends did they bring out buffet hot food. 2) Waitstaff at breakfast were overworked or disorganized with items not refilled. 3) Hotel is right next to the airport, so unless you like hearing airplanes, it's not a great location -- nothing else around it, and South Beach is a $30 cab ride away. 4) Staff were largely indifferent to even basic questions5) I asked for a 5:30 am wakeup call and didn't get it. 6) Price not that cheap. 7) Co-worker found cockroaches in his room on the sixth floor. I hope I never stay at an Embassy Suites again based on this stay.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	2	2	3	3	1	

<Author>CtRooks
<Content>Great Stay, Excellent Breakfast I was traveling to Miami for fun in the sun, and wanted an inexpensive room, so I tried Priceline.com. They placed me at the Embassy Suites Miami Airport. When i arrived the front desk was very friendly and completly explained the workings of the hotel, When I got to my room it was very clean, but I did smell a strange odor, I think someone smoked in he room though it was non smoking. I opened the balcony door and the room aired out nicely so no complaints. I decided totry the Manager Reception, they offered great free drinks and chips and salsa. I was pleased with the quality of the drinks, mosy hotels water down even when you pay for them, but they did not. The next morning I went to breakfast. It was an awesome spread to be complimentary. I even commented to the manager how i enjoyed it.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rjsailnsd
<Content>Great value Big room, very friendly staff. We arrived at MIA at 12:50am Christmas morning. The Embassey Suites picked us up with a smile. Very good included breakfast, nice room, paper every morning. Easy to drive to many great Miami destinations from here. Got the rental car pakage with the room which saved us big $$$. EZ-rent co in the lobby. Gated parking $10 a day. Nice stay overall. Had a very good dinner at Bennigans next door.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>CDY
<Content>Below par Needs renovation, more attentive upkeep. Older property, good location, next to MIA which leads to some noise issues.Burn holes on couch, dented beat up door, room service dishes sitting outside rooms for hours. Windows need cleaning ect..Needs better management, not enough help at front desk.If you have to be next to the airport, ok choice at best ,otherwise stay somewhere else in Miami.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>itsaboutthepeople
<Content>Looking Better Stayed only one night for a business trip. Arrived in time for a late dinner and departed early in the a.m. The room I stayed in had already been re-done. It was clean and nicely appointed. I didn't notice any noise. Dinner in the restaurant wasn't horribly impressive, but it wasn't crowded. The wait staff was attentive and well-meaning, though we had more communication issues than I would have expected in the U.S. Otherwise the hotel is a pretty typical Embassy Suites. Because of the way it's laid out, the front drive seemed to always be crowded and had a bit of a zoo-like atmosphere. I plan to stay there again. It's much better than some of the nicer hotels I've stayed in in the area near the airport.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>KR1226
<Content>This shouldn't be your first choice We stayed here on December 7th, the day we got back from our cruise, so we could check out Miami before heading back home. I had called a week in advance to reconfirm and to add a request for a high floor with a view. I also made sure that my name would be on the reservation additional to my boyfriend's. We arrived fairly early, around 9a and being that I work in a hotel, I knew the chances of me getting in that early were slim to none. The lady at the front desk kindly informed us that they had sold out the night before and didn't have any rooms available but that she would be able to hold our luggage. She even gave us free breakfast coupons while we waited. Great customer service. I wish I had gotten her name! Moving along, we ended up getting our rental car through the package we booked with and drove around Miami. When we got back around 5:30p to check in we were greeted by another front desk lady. I will withhold her name for the sake of her privacy. Well, my boyfriend decided to go get the luggage while I checked in. The lady at the front desk refused to check me in unless he was there causing us to be held up even longer. We were tired and just wanted to get to our room already. He finally was able to come over to the desk to give her his ID. When I asked what floor we were on she said the 3rd. The hotel has 10 floors and being that I requested a high floor earlier that week, I didn't know that the 3rd was considered that. Anyway, I asked her to be on a higher floor if possible and a sour upset look came over her face. At my hotel changing a guest room is as easy as a couple of clicks. She made it seem like I ruined her day by requesting a different floor. Besides the attitude of the girl checking us in, everyone was exceptional!PROS: Comfortable beds, spacious rooms, great smelling bath products, excellent service from the bellman, most of the front desk staff, and the shuttle driver. Cons: No trash can in room, dishes weren't fully cleaned, and a view you could live without seeing.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	1	5	3	

<Author>sccheeto
<Content>We'd definitely stay again...... We had booked a room here in spite of all this hotel's criticism for one night before our December 2nd cruise. We were surprised and delighted to find the remodel complete, the rooms in very good and new order  the staff to be pleasant. The food in the restaurant was good but cold. We had to reheat it in our microwave in our room. Our only other criticism is that it took us one hour and 20 minutes to get their shuttle from the airport to the hotel. We would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>cubanito1
<Content>Best Value in Miami HANDSDOWN!!!!       The comfy bed  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Irelandred
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised!!! After reading all of the reviews we were scared  to stay at the Embassy Suites Hotel. We were pleasantly surprised! This hotel is above average. The rooms were very nice and clean. (we had our room move 3 times due to no air in the room) The lobby was massive and very very nice. This is a very large hotel. The front desk, hotel staff and everyone there was very helful. (Not at all rude as in the other reviews) The breakfast was wonderful but should stay open until at least 10:00. Location okay. If this resort was located on the beach it would be a 5 star resort!!! The only negative thing about this hotel is the elevators - they are way too slow. There is really no stair access - you have to walk around the hotel to find them. On both sides of the hotel one elevator was down - it doesn't sound like much but a hotel this size it makes things extra slow!! Overall if you have to stay at the airport I would recommend this hotel. The shuttle was great and we really had no problem like the other reveiws. The manager or assistant manager (his desk is located across from the front desk) on duty was very helpful to us and you can see him walking around the hotel all day long. He asked us several times if everything was okay, etc... At breakfast I even saw him picking up breakfast dishes!!! He might be the reason this hotel is turning around the bad reviews???? Good job!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>frog19
<Content>mold and mildew made this stay unacceptable Our stay made us physically sick. My husband and I stayed one nite at this hotel upon our completion of a cruise in October 2007. The hotel looked okay on our initial entry, however, our first room had such a strong odor of mold and mildew, we requested a room change. Our secondroom was a little better, but still had the mold smell which seemed to worsen when the air was running. The windows were stained and need to be replaced. When we complained about the overwhelming smell of mold, the front desk clerk admitted the hotel has some problems with the smell in some rooms. It is apparent the property has had some renovations. The Elevators are scary- they are slow, old and small. After reading some of the comments on this website, I concluded i needed to share my experience. I actually developed a respiratory infection within days of my stay and had to obtain medical treatment.The good news about the Hilton Hotels/Embassy Suites policy is that they provide 100% satisfaction or you get your money back. When I complained to Hilton customer service, they refunded my costs. I will never stay at this hotel again, but I will stay at other Embassy Suitehotels.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>OCTravelAgent
<Content>Surprisingly solid experience I had to spend an unexpected night in this hotel due to a flight problem that kept me in Miami overnight.I have not had generally positive experiences at most airport hotels I've stayed in. Usually, they show a high degree of wear and tear, and they are staffed by folks who are too busy (or poorly trained) toprovide anything resembling attentive customer service.This hotel, located on the northeast edge of the airport in a crummy area, was a pleasant surprise. The lobby features exotic birds and waterfalls in generally pleasant surroundings.I was greeted nicely when I checked in and found the room to be cleanand well-kept, showing off updated soft goods and bathroom fixtures.It had the usual Embassy Suites layout, with the front sitting room and rear bedroom separated by the bathroom. In this property, the entrance to the bathroom was from the bedroom (usually it's between the rooms) - something to know if you will be sharing the room with others sleeping on the pull-out in the sitting room.During my stay, I did not find aircraft noise to be an issue at all, as this hotel seemed to be well insulated.The complimentary morning breakfast offering was plentiful and good.Nothing fancy - but the efficient and well-presented layout made for a quick, yet filling start to the day. Just what this road-weary traveler needed.My one complaint with this hotel had to do with its internet service,which was terrible. My room on the 8th floor provided no ethernet jack, so I was forced to try to use the wireless service. Even with a moderate signal, I could not get service for more than 30 seconds at a time, followed by 10 minutes or more of no service. When I askedfor a credit for the $10 daily fee upon checkout, the front desk tookcare of it promptly.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	1	

<Author>julietravelut
<Content>A big plus Stayed at hotel pre-cruise and it is a wonderful location to stay at. Close to the airport to drop off rental car (would suggest dollar or thrifty for cruise as they have free shuttle to the port of miami).Great happy hour with friendly bartenders and not skimpy on drinks.Really good breakfast as always. Quiet, clean rooms. Pricey as all hotels are in Miami area but kept looking on website and price continually fluctuated till I found price I liked. When you consider the drinks and breakfast, really not a bad deal. All staff was very friendly as well.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MelbourneAnglo
<Content>Great place for a short stopover The Embassy Suites are a fine way to stay with young children - its the cheapest way to get a 2-room suite in the US.Our kids (2 year old twins) loved running round the balconies, the lifts, the fish ponds and the evening cocktail and popcorn sessions. Also the breakfasts are plentiful and varied, I love staying at Embassy Suites and would again without hesitation.Note that this hotel is in the same road as many of the car rental locations.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>kingofthejungle22
<Content>Really nice place This was a really nice place to stay. I was on my way to South America to visit family and I had been told by some friends to stay here as they had done. I must say, it was really convenient to the airport, just a short 5 minute drive on the hotel shuttle.When I got the the suite, I noticed that it had just been renovated. They had all new furniture, new beds and the room had a beautiful wet bar area with granite top and also the bathroom was very clean. In the morning my whole family (5 of us) enjoyed the breakfast which was very plentiful, with eggs and pancakes for the kids. The staff was pretty friendly too, one of the breakfast helpers noticed that our son said it was his birthday and they made him a special pancake with Happy Birthday written on it and a candle. This is good hotel for anyone stopping in Miami for 1 night or even for longer. I hope we get a chance to go back some day.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NEFrequentTraveler
<Content>Good hotel - no complaints I think this was a great hotel and would recommend it highly. I cannot understand why the negative reviews. I would rate is a four star hotel versus three.Our family of four stayed here the night before our cruise. The room was clean and newly decorated with good quality decor. The two rooms were sizeable, the beds were comfortable and clean.We were allowed to check in at 12:30 at no additional cost.We used the pool and the dining room and found the both satisfactory. The dining room was a little slow, but the food was tasty.The center atrium was very enjoyable including the full sized trees, waterfalls and fishThe manager's reception was nice, but the liquor was not top shelf. The hotel served popcorn and corn chips. The breakfast was excellent with just about anything you could want for a hot breakfast.The price included hotel shuttle from the airport (30 minute wait) and bus to the port of Miami. ($179)  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>gottogo
<Content>no complaints I have stayed here several times and have no complaints. It is a very busy hotel as it is used for cruise passengers as well as for traveller coming in and out of Miami airport. They have free transport to and from the airport. Every night they have a free open bar with plenty of alcoholic and non alcoholic drinks to choose from and very friendly staff. The free breakfast is huge, with lots of fruit, as well as bacon, sausages, pancakes and omlettes made to order etc. The rooms (2 rooms, one master and pull out couch in living room)are a little old fashioned but very clean and the beds are very comfortable and up to 4 can stay in the room for one price. Definitely great value for the pricei  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Bryan_m36
<Content>Excellent stay Having stayed often at this property I again stayed here last weekend. I must admit that all my stays at the embassy suites in Miami were excellent. Ok, the rooms aren't renovated but the beds are new and they are very comfortable (I slept very good). My room did not have new furniture. They are currently renovating the rooms and I stayed on the 8th floor and I saw them working on both the 9th and 10th floor so I think they are going from top to bottom. The breakfast was good. The staff nice. So overall I am happy with the service and quality for what I have paid for. Usd120  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jamineNorcrossGa
<Content>worst experience ever in a Embassy suites Worst experience ever in an Embassy suites, we travel alot and have stayed in 5 diferent Embassy suites but nothing compared to this... rooms did not have water, then there was water but no hot water.. then we were in the 2nd floor with a balcony door that did not close...call front desk, he was so rude..sent a security guard that just put a chair in the door...next day we went to the front desk they changed our rooms but lost our lugage....and the same rude guy said that there was nothing that he could do that we had to wait until next day 7am we were sweaty and tired and he totally didnt care, thenwe found our bags went to our new room wich the door to the balcony did not lock either...to make a long story short from 5 rooms they gave us 4 had their balcony doors broken and I kept telling them thisis a safety hazard and the guy just said if something happend I dont care because the wont sue me they will sue the hotel....That night wefinish going to bed at 4am in the first room that they had given us in the 6 th floor that the door did not work either but to us it felta littlebet safer way up there....the bathrooms had stains in there tubs and grime in their tiles...it was the worst. Then the next day we spoke to the manager on duty and the same nothing was done.....itwas horrible...If I was the owner of the embassy suites I would not permit this hotel to have that name because it killed the perspective that we hadof the em bassy suites....and there was alot of unhappy people in that front desk..something isgoing on bad in there and I hope that is not to late, that someone does not get hurt because of their negligence with those doors.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	1	1	

<Author>Mactoki
<Content>Awful Hotel       Interesting bedroom decor  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>Tennie007
<Content>The hotel from [--] a complete dump. think twice before you stay here First I must express my disappointment with my Travel Agent for recommending me to this place...I stayed at The Embassey Suites from May 18th to May 20th 2007 and from the moment I check in me first impression of the place was that it was worn and in need of a face lift. Upon checkin I was greeted by a very unfriendly agent who appeared to be very tired and just wanted for this to be her last duty for the day. She asked to see my credit card which was on file, I told her that I wished not for my credit card to be charged and opted to pay cash in full with an additional security deposit she told me that it was not neccessary given that me credit card would not be charge and I can settle at the end of the two day stay. Little and behold on the second night I was complete humilated and embrassed given that Security had locked me out of my room. I went to the Front Desk spoke with a so call Manager named Karyn who appeared to be clueless as to what had occurred and expressed to interest in my concern. I again asked her what was the problem given that I was locked out she indicated that they were charging me credit card two hundred dollars a day security..I immediate informed her told her of what her agent said to me upon checkin and paid my bill in full. I told her that I would like to have her General Manager Juan Carlos Palacious returned a call to me to express my total disatifaction and she said that he cannot be reach she had no contact information at her property for him. I became furious I demanded that he return a call and went to my room escorted by security to open my room door. Karyn left work at 11:36pm on May 19th 2007 and never returned a follow up call. No word from Mr. Palicious as well. Upon entering my room I freaked to find out that not only was the door locked but the room was not clean at 12 midnight. I went back to the Front desk and spoke with Marcos who confirmed that Karyn left and he was the only person on property that I can speak with and we was only an agent..You can imagine what was going through my mind during this time, I ask Marcos to contact his Manager or some senior person and he told me that no one was reachable. I asked Marcos if this was indeed an emergency with a Guest at his hotel what is the process he told be that he would call the revelant athorities and write a report and update his GM when he sees him. I could not believe what I was hearing and became fearful knowing that his hotel did not have a senior person availble to assist guest conerns. I noted the many definciencies with room 7-314 room very moldly, room leaking near the sliding door I jumped out of bed into a pool of water, faucet is leaking in the bathroom, shower is broken, no day service, TV had a black screen unable to view. tile cracked in the bathroom, the furnitures are worn and old, and the staff need a completed training course in customer service and how to handle complains they were completely unresonsive and refuse to take responsiblity for their own ineptidue. This place is a complete waste of money particually when you are paying almost $200.00 a night not worth it at all...The first room that I was assigned was 7-432 which was completely unbearable from the moment you entered the room mold everywhere..I opted to eat breakfast outside of the hotel given that I was concern about the cleaniness of this Hotel. Please note that I tried calling your 800 number to get some help and spoke with Erin in resevation who said that there was nothing she can do and question me as to why Marcos told be to call the 800 number. I asked her for her last name and she said no. I was so furious at this hotel and in total disbelief that there was no Customer Service of any kind anywhere at the Embassy Suites (MIA). I told Marcos that iI wanted a Manager to call me at first light in the morning to speak with them prior to departure and again up to 11am on May 20th 2007 no response from no one...unbeliveable. I then motion to the Front desk and spoke with the Security Manager who said that he was the Manager on duty and I told him my concerns...and asked to speak with the GM he told me that he was not available. I reinterate my conerns and asked him what the [--] is going on in this place with only one Security Officer on duty at the front gate and no other management presence anywhere..he said that he was the way they do things there..I pulled out my business card and told him that I was a Hotel Manager at a world class hotel and told him that if my guest needed assistance with a concern that warrants my attention my staff can reach me without a doubt. When he saw my card he started to act nice.. I also told him that if I needed to reach my chaiman I can reach him without a doubt. i told him that my number one Core value is to Blow away the Customer and my staff is impowered to make it happen. My Guest is of utmost importance to me and to have any of my Guest leave unhappy is a major problem. I told him, my staff are impowered to resolve issuses. I suggested that they train these people in customer handling to appreaciate the value of a guest particually when there are other options..I requested the GM information and was given one night credit which was totally unaccepatable and not the response I was looking for. So all of you who are looking for a Hotel close to the Airport think twice about this place and also the security of yourselves. Today I tried calling the GM and again no response....I can also suggest that you hire JDPowers and associates to check your standards if any. I will never take my travel agent advice again..  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	2	

<Author>todd61
<Content>Worst hotel stay ever Where do I start: Once we finally arrived at the airport (flight issues) all I wanted to do was grab something to eat, shower, and relax. I walked into my room around 7:30pm and it had not been cleaned. Empty soda cans on the counter, trash cans full of potato chip bags, nad an unmade bed. So, I go to the restaurant to eat and had house cleaning tackle the problem. When I returned, the room was clean, but I noticed that the light socket by the bed was infested with ants. I was too tired to deal wioth it at that point, so I decided to take a shower and deal with it the following morning. After I took my cold shower (the entire week was a roll of the dice concerning hot water) I went to bed. The following morning, I went down early to tell them about the ants and to retrieve my luggage that was delayed because of the flight issues. Everyone else in my party received their luggage, but I was told my luggage did not arrive. So, for the next three hours, I was on the phone with Delta trying to find my luggage. Each time, the representative from Delta told me my luggage had been delivered. Each time, I went to hotel staff to ask them to double check. I was told, three separate times that if my luggage was not in the security room, it wasn't there. Finally, a woman at Delta told me she had a name of someone at the hotel that had signed for my bag. When presented with this information, the security guy (front desk said I had to go through security and completely washed their hands of the whole thing) for the first time got out of his chair and said Let me check the room acriss the hall. Guess what? It had been there the whole time. I was furious. No apologies from anyone. The security guy was a lazy piece of crap and the front desk guy that morning told me he had no control over those things. I take my bag to my room (it's probably 11am by this time and I'm in meetings the entire week) only to find that some things have been stolen from my bag. Granted, it could have happened with the airline people, but at that point, I held the hotel responsible. The General Manager of the hotel told me that he was in no way responsible for the stolen items. The hotels effort to appease me was to buy my lunch that day. The staff is completely unresponsive to your needs and refuse to take responsibility for their own ineptitude. It might help if you speak fluent Spanish, but I doubt it. Back to the ants; When I did finally return to my room, the ants were still there. I went back downstairs to ask for another room. Once they reassigned me, I went back upstairs to my new room only to find that the key did not work. I go downstairs again to have them tell me that the room they had just given me was no longer available. So, I am given yet another room, this time, one that was actually available. Do not stay in this hotel. I am positive that you'd be better off in the Red Roof Inn right down the street.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	3	2	1	1	3	

<Author>red71MS
<Content>Don't expect any type of service at this hotel! FRONT DESK STAFF IS HORRIBLE! I am not one to complain, but if I can help someone avoid this place I will. I am writing this in my hotel room so the experience will be fresh in my mind. My party checked in on Sunday May 6, four of us with seperate rooms. As we checked in, we told the front desk staff that our luggage had been delayed and would be delivered later. We also stressed to them that we wanted our luggage as soon as it arrived, even if it was in the middle of the night. I called at midnight, 3AM, and 5AM and each time I was told that the luggage had not arrived yet. In the meantime, I was on the phone with the airline and was told that the luggage had been delivered and was at the hotel. I went down to the front desk and was put off until the security guard came on duty at 8AM. At this time, the meeting I was in town for is about to start and I am standing in the lobby with wet hair and the same clothes I had on the day before. Anyway, he went down to the security office and said Oh, look here it is. I grab my bag and as I pass the front desk she said well I guess it was here the whole time. No appology, no nothing!! At least I was more fortunate than one man in my group, they couldn't locate his bag until noon. Also, the room itself is fine. Nothing fancy. When I initially checked in I was given a room that had not been cleaned since the last guest. I thought this might have been just a mistake but when I went down to the front desk to get a new room, the rest of my group was down because their rooms were dirty too. Again, no appology was given. As a paying customer I expect some courtesy and service and since I was given none I will warn others about my terrible experience. I will never stay here again!  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>bighead33
<Content>you get what you pay for I juust returned from my second stay at this hotel. It is a nice an conftable hotel for families, the two room layout is specialy good with families with small children, they sleep in the sofa bed while the parents sleep in the main room. The rooms are not so fancy and they would probasbly need a refurbhish but keep in mind that this is not a Four Seasons or a Mandarin Oriental, you get what you pay for. The chek in was fast, the room was clean every day on time and everyone treated us very good, this are the things that count for me. if i wanted a full facilities hotel i would stay in a complete resort, a hotel were you check in and stay in it for your complete stay, a embassy suites is not this kind of hotel, this is a place were you you to take a bath and sleep. Next time that i'am in miami with my children i would probably stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>justdroppedinn
<Content>Incredibly Rude Horrible Treatment- AVOID! First off, I've NEVER posted a complaint about any business before. This was one of the worst experiences not just in my travels but in my life. Hotel would not honor a CONFIRMED, PREPAID RESERVATION (!!!)(perhaps they had overbooked?)- Desk Manager K---n T. was basically rude, said take it up with Expedia (even though they have a contractual relationship and Embassy Suites was, i was later informed, obligated to comply with the reservation). As if, at Midnight with two children in tow (!), i'm supposed to get a court order forcing them to give me the room for which I was showing documented proof or payment? Amazing attitude of non-responsibility for their own mistake and willingness to leave paying guests in a terrible situation. Told us sorry, nothing we can (or will) do, wouldn't even make a phone call. sounds like I'm exaggerating this situation but i'm not at all. We had to sleep in the car in a rather sketchy area. So, unless you want to risk a dangerous, cold night without a place to stay, i wouldn't be looking at this place. An unbelievable experience, unbelievable treatment.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jtwisconsin
<Content>Find somewhere else to stay. We stayed here 3 nights鈥?two before our cruise and one afterwards. This was by far the worst Embassy Suites I have ever been at. First off when we arrived at the Miami airport around 10:30 we called for a shuttle. I could barely understand the person, but managed to finally figure out where I was supposed to go. We waited outside in the dark, all alone, for over 30 minutes. Tried to call the hotel back a few times but they wouldn鈥檛 answer. Finally after about 45 minutes the shuttle arrived, and when I got to the front desk they didn鈥檛 have a room for us. This after I had made a reservation in advance and specifically called the hotel directly to tell them we would be arriving late at night and I wanted to be sure I had a non-smoking room held for my family. All they had was smoking rooms or one with a conference table (for in-room interviews) where the living room would normally be. We choose the room with the conference table, so essentially we only had 陆 the room we were supposed to as the living room was unusable. This hotel has a nice pool and the staff seemed friendly, but it needs lots of help. The public areas inside the hotel are very dirty, the rooms have a terrible moldy/humid smell that is almost unbearable, and the place needs some serious repair and refurbishment. The sink in the bedroom sprang a leak in the middle of our last night and flooded the carpeting, and we got stuck in one of the elevators once. Plaster was falling off the walls in everywhere, and the kitchen/breakfast area was just gross. You can do better than this hotel. I certainly won鈥檛 be staying there again.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>MMMaryland
<Content>Five start hotel with two star style The hotel is located next to car Enterprise car rental office. It is convenient but not a spectacular view. The hotel has various features to justify the five star prices. However, manner of reception, porters, managements, and other staffs are right for two to three stars. We wanted to call home but we could not make telephone card working. The long distance call is $10 for the first minute and $5 for additional minutes. It was hard to tell from the note left in the room. Hotel explains this is reasonable charge but it is incredible to me. Any way after I complained they negotiated the charge. Hot breakfast was good for four star hotels but not as good as five start hotel in this price. Cold meet such as smoked salmon should be added for this price. The room was big but no style.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	2	4	3	

<Author>travelcandygirl
<Content>horrible experience We stayed at this hotel on 9/09/2006 for 1 night prior to our cruise. When we got there no one helped us with our luggage. Checked in but when we got to our rooms one of the two rooms that we got had a terrible mildew odor that you can tell it was being masked with some type of lysol smell. The smell was unbearable. I asked to move to another room and they suggested that they will come and freshen up the room. I called back down to the front desk and told them that it is virutally impossible to improve the odor. Finally they decided to move us to another room. There was no odor but the sliding balcony door was broken and thus a safety hazard because it was adjacent to the roof of the hotel. We had to move to another room which was fine. On the last move I asked if the bellman will come to help us with this move and they never came. When I complain about this to the hotel manager he only offered a 40.00 voucher to eat at the hotel. I thought this was unacceptable and on top of that he assumed that I had no evening plans but to stay there and have dinner. The entire experience was horrible especially after a long flight to get there. It is a beautiful hotel as far as the design of the atrium. They are in need of updating rooms, pulling up rugs and whatever else they need to do to make guest comfortable. I would not stay here again until they make changes and hire and understanding staff.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tpany
<Content>Worst Hotel...Staff rude No ammenities, Staff was not helpful at all. Could bearly speak english. Acted like they did not understand anything we asked them. Do not stay here. Find different option.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>teresamzamudio
<Content>Great last minute stay! We booked a room at the last minute thru Hotwire--we sooo lucked out! Our two children LOVED the hotel decor and the glass elevators. Pool was not heated though. Room was perfect for us, very clean. Fixtures were a little dated and had a light bulb that was out--but those were no big deal. Managers reception was good-had beers and bloody marys. Breakfast was very good and quick. Would highly recommend to traveling families.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MajicBus
<Content>Overpriced, avoid !!! Stayed here when arriving in Miami. I've stayed at Embassy Suites across the US and this is by far the worst one ever. The lobby area is nice, however, the room we had was very musty, noisy, curtains were torn. The bedding looked like it had NEVER been washed. I would never stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	1	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>KTXNJ
<Content>Mixed - mostly bad I picked this hotel for its proximity to the airport, given my arrival and departure schedule. The shuttle took a while coming, and I watched enviously while other hotel shuttles came around a couple times before mine showed up. I reached the hotel around noon and requested an early check-in. After first saying no without even checking, they relented after I repeated my request a couple of times and pointed to my Hilton Honors loyalty record. I travel constantly, and was not impressed by the desk clerk's casual denial of my reasonable request.The hotel itself shows its age in terms of the carpet wear and mildew smell. The suite is of standard Embassy Suites size and floor plan. The handle on the patio door came off when I attempted to open it just to feel a little warm - the room was freezing. The thermostat in the room didn't work, and after a few hours I turned the fan off rather than feel cold for the rest of the night. I had my own food due to some dietary restrictions. I called down for a dinner plate and some cutlery. They delivered a small saucer and the cutlery and said they can't give me a dinner plate without my ordering some room service. I wonder how families with small kids cope with this attitude. The breakfast is standard Embassy Suites fare, and can be *very* crowded unless you go real early. Overall, it is a subpar experience for the price I paid. They can certainly improve in their customer-facing behavior, and the physical infrastructure.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>britishtraveler
<Content>enjoyed my weeks stay! Was staying here as waiting for my parents to arrive in miami from the UK.. EXCELLENT hotel,I really have no idea why it has so many negative reviews? STAFF:- Very nice.accomodating,nothing was too much trouble for them.As a HHonours member i emailed them before my stay to request a top floor suite, with a view of the pool, which i got.... Nice suite, clean and very roomy. Good T.V. channels and pay per view movies which you can pause/stop/rewind/fast forward. BREAKFAST:- Excellent variety of hot and cold items. juices.coffee etc. I would take a banana and muffin up to my room to have at 11am. Only went to the managers reception once @ 5:30-7:30pm and found it to be a bit crowded and noisy,but the small cold beer went down nicely. Lots of tables and chairs set around a lot of tropical foliage and a fish pond (with fish!!!) and 2 love birds in a cage. Only 5 min. drive to Miami airport and there was a free shuttle bus to/from. DINING:- The restaurant onsite is excellent and very good value. There is a Bennigans restaurant close enough to walk to. POOL:- Very nice lots of tables and chairs with umbrellas and plenty of sunbeds arround a pleasant tropical setting. Exercise Room very good. Have decided to stay here again for a 3 night stopover either side of my Cancun trip as i liked it so much. I am a very fussy traveller and would not hesitate to recommend this suite hotel.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>julezpower
<Content>Great Value We booked our room 48 hours out on Priceline.com and paid $80 for a December Saturday night. The room was large, a bit smoky, and the door's lock was questionable. The beds were very clean and soft. The pool is nice, a bit loud with planes over head. The restuarant made our sandwhiches to go and we ate them by the pool. The managers reception is was packed, but we managed to have 4 drinks each during the 2 hours. The Breakfast the next day had plenty of options and the free meal was greatly appriciated. They did not clear leftover dishes fast enough in the morning, but they were just trying to keep up with the demand.The hotel has a fee airport shuttle and will arrange Port of Miami transporation if you need to get on a cruise. The hotel is a good value for a one day stay before a cruise.I did cut my foot on a sprinkler outside and the hotel staff, did not due too much to assist with first aid. A few bandaids, and a towel. I guess they could not have done too much more.Very good value, not a long term stay.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>lawheel
<Content>Really nice place, enjoyed the stay We stayed at this hotel on Thanksgiving night. We arrived at the hotel on Thanksgiving Day @ noon and were able to check in immediately. There were 18 in our party altogether. We stayed at this hotel just the one night, since the following day we went to the Port for our cruise. The hotel did a great job of getting our 4 families all next to each other. We had a 2bdrm suite on the 3rd floor and the room was really nice and roomy. There were 5 in my room, 2 adults, three children (16, 12, 9) and everybody had lots of space. Beds were very comfortable. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. The restaurant downstairs was good. The breakfast buffet which is included in your hotel price was excellent. They had staff there the whole time so you could get your eggs cooked to order or simply pick what they had. They had pancakes, french toast, eggs, toast, bagels, cereal, fruit, bacon, sausage, just about everything you could think of for breakfast!The hotel itself had a nice game room which the kids loved and so did my husband. There were pool tables and video games. There was an outdoor pool which looked very nice but it was too cold on Thanksgiving day, only 58, so we couldn't use it. There was a great fitness room too. There was a very nice gift shop and the hotel itself was very clean and decorated beautifully.The only negative thing was that not many stores or restaurants were around. There is a lot of construction nearby. My sister-in-law and I had to run to a K Mart to get some stuff and received directions from the front desk, it took at least 15 minutes to get to the store and back, no one spoke English at Kmart and some of the neighborhoods we had to go through looked very run down. But if you are just staying in the hotel to transition to a cruise like we did, it was great! I noticed many people we talked to in the elevators were also going on cruises too.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>DemandingGuest
<Content>Disgusting I stayed one night. The room was incredibly dirty. The bathroom had pubic hairs on the floor. The carpet had food and stains on it. The safety bar on the door was torn out which indicated a recent violent event. I could not wait to get out, and I will probably never stay at another Embassy Suites because of it.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fayree
<Content>okay, not as good as expected, even for a 3 star We only stayed one night, and I think if we had stayed any longer, I would have had a lot more problems. Im pretty lenient on hotels if the reception arent quite friendly or if they forgot pillows, but this hotel had quite a few problems, in my opinion. When we first arrived, you could smell what seems to be mold from outside of the lobby. It probably is because of the humid weather and the large indoor waterfall area that the rooms are overlooking. It is a bearable smell, but probably not a choice selection if you were to stay more than a day. The elevators have a metallic smell, and the rooms the same moldy smell, again bearable, but not comfortable. The room was very large, with two separate rooms--the first was a lounge with a sofa bed and tv, the second with two double beds (or a king sized bed) with a tv as well. There are two closet areas, which was very nice, and the bathroom is connected from the bedroom. The bathroom had the most problems, as the floor was a bit dirty, there was a couple small bugs in the tub, and the soap that the last traveler used was still in the soap holder. The room service starts at 11 am, and ends at 11 pm, so if you have an early flight, you cannot order room service. The breakfast is pretty good, better than most hotels. It opens from 6-9:30 on weekdays and 7-10 on weekends and holidays. As we left at 6 am on Sunday to catch our flight, we were only able to grab some cold items, that were put out early, like bread and fruit. The hot foods (I saw three trays so Im guessing that they have three hot items) were not coming until 7.I think that if the hotel tried a little bit harder, they could have a great hotel, great rooms, but as it is, they have a lot of little problems here and there that make travelers not want to stay.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	3	

<Author>PAQ
<Content>Acceptable for an Airport Hotel I had a conference at this hotel at rate of $139, so stayed there for first time. $9 parking. Check in was prompt, elevators worked well, suite was very spacious. Even though right next to Miami International Airport, there was little or no outside sound heard in the room. Internet connection was erratic, but only another $9. 20 television cable channels. Automated wake up call worked perfectly. Plentiful hot and cold breakfast served 6:30 to 9:30 a.m., and is free. Atrium in middle of hotel was pleasant with a waterfall and plants. Overall look of hotel, including rooms, was drab, not dirty, but sort of depressing. With so many choices in the area, I would choose another hotel next time. There were 3 kinds of taxes on my hotel bill so cost was actually $177.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>DJ49
<Content>Hotel was fine - but be wary of delivery restaurants The hotel was fine, not crazy about spending $9.00 a day to self park my car- but that is a Miami thing. What I did not like was the restaurants the shove their menus under your door. I am a business traveler and often work into the evening and choose not use room service (cost) or like to go out. I would suggest you not use the these 2 restaurants: Dockers Pizza Restaurant Inc. I ordered spaghetti and meatballs and an antipasto salad - what I got was fettuccini alfredo and a very weak sald of lettuce and smaill bits of ham - absolutely terrible. The other was Brothers pizza ordered a cheese and pepperoni pizza and a steak sandwich - the pizza was very dry (over cooked) and very little toppings - the steak sandwich was ok  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>omarsidd
<Content>Embassy Suites adequate but unexciting. My wife and I recently stayed at this hotel after our flight out of MIami International was cancelled unexpectedly. I chose it largely for its location (within 1 mile of the airport) and the TripAdvisor reviews, especially since the reviews of all the other hotels in the immediate area indicated problems (shabby interiors, dirt, etc).Like all Embassy Suites, the rooms are all suites, and very spacious. Two large rooms have plenty of space. Bathrooms are bright and adequate, although there is no light over the shower (a pet peeve of mine). Bedding and bed were fine though nothing exciting. The pillows were on the hard and flat side. Bathrooms are stocked with Neutrogena products.There's a restaurant in the hotel, as well as a free breakfast. We tried the restaurant, which was only average, if convenient. The free breakfast is on the early side compared to most hotels, ending at 9:30am on weekdays.There's a La Quinta next door, and a Bennigan's restaurant next door to that, with an Enterprise Rent-a-Car across the street. Anything else isn't convenient for walking. We requested a high floor (the hotel is 10 stories), and there are freeway intersections and light industrial areas visible all around. We had a sliding glass door that opened onto a balcony-style railing, but no balcony. We could occasionally hear jets taking off from MIA, but no other outside noise. Unfortunately, we could hear people in the adjoining rooms. I'm not sure if the walls are thin or those people were loud.The center of the hotel is a 10-story atrium onto which all room doors open. That may disturb people who are bothered by heights, but provides a nice airy lightness to the interior of the building. The decor theme is described as mediterranean, but honestly, it comes across more as Florida in 1980. Very little in the hotel says Mediterranean to me, just as the food at the restaurant (Barcelona) doesn't evoke Spain at all.There's pay wireless access in the hotel, which is probably your best bet. The pay internet service in the lobby business center looks terribly dated, is very slow, doesn't handle modern web sites, and has prohibitively restrictive 'nanny' software that keeps you from getting to normal blogging sites.There's a free shuttle to and from the aiport, although we experienced it being crowded both ways (to and from) and not running on schedule.I rate this hotel as average, but compared just to airport hotels, it would be above average largely because I feel airport hotels aren't known for making much of an effort and this hotel was comfortable enough and making the effort. It's just not the kind of place one would expect to seek out as a destination, but it would work well for a one or two night transitional location.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>paavoman
<Content>Great location for cruise We arrived the night before our cruise departed. Stayed at the Embassy Suites because of previous review. Excellent customer service. Conceirge gave wonderful restaurant recommendation and arranged for taxi to and return from restaurant. Very helpful. Definitely will stay again.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tbtx
<Content>Not Fabulous but OK The hotel was better than I expected (based on reviews here). But it was still not up to Embassy Suites Standards.The meeting rooms were nicely appointed, well lit and well decorated. All the public areas (lobby, atrium, etc) were clean and attractive. But the guest rooms do not meet the same standard.The room was clean. The curtains and bedcovers were modern and bright. The bathroom appeared to have new fixtures. But the living room furniture was old and everything else seemed pretty worn (appliances, counters, air conditioning system, etc.)However, I learned I was in one of the rooms redecorated since the 2005 hurricane season. (Tip: Ask for a room on a higher floor. The lower floors haven't been remodeled yet.)The breakfast was typical Embassy Suites (hot food buffet). The shuttle service was great. Overall, staff was responsive to requests, but not particularly friendly or assertive.No horror stories during this stay but I would not choose this property for future visits unless there has been a major improvement in both customer service and cleanliness.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Ashleezmom
<Content>Great Deal We arrived at the Embassy Suites around 6pm after a long flight from the West Coast. When our taxi driver tried to pull into the hotel there were a line of about 15 cars waiting to get into a gated entrance to the hotel. This line did not move quickly, it took us almost 15 minutes to enter the hotel itself. I think it is because they charge to park here, but there should be a Taxi/Shuttle entrance where they are not stopped for so long. But we were checked in within minutes and at Happy hour to meet our friends (group of 12 cruisers) Had a nice evening. We asked for rooms on a high floor as we noticed a Prom and didnt want to be disturbed by the noise, but the higher room was great - didnt hear a peep. Our room was great with a nice view of the airport - i enjoyed watching the planes for a half hour or so. The room was very clean and the beds comfy. We woke to a nice breakfast downstairs and then packing for the cruise. We had purchased the shuttle to the ship with our room, and it was a little hectic waiting for our driver as he was late for our 11 am pick up. But he arrived and we were wisked away to the cruise ship. Overall this was a nice stay. You cant beat the room, service and shuttle for the price. You can almost always expect that at any Embassy Suites. ~ the constant cruisers  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bookmark
<Content>good hotel THIS HOTEL WAS GOOD AT LEAST THIS TIME BUT THE INTERNET I DIDNT LIKE IT WAS A GOOD DINING AT LUNCH AND AT DINNER I like to go to the balcony because we had best airport view we might stay here in aug. of this year the pool was good leaves fall into hot tub leaves were in the hot tub everything else was good i like riding elevators breakfast was good pool was pretty warm and stuff there was a fitness center  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love this place! The Embassy was like a dream compared to the Days Inn we tried to stay at in Hialeah. The people were helpful and the place was really clean. The rooms were huge and convienently had 2 TVs and a small refriderator. There were free shuttles to the airport (which wasn't far at all). The complimenary breakfast and happy hour (2 hours) were great! Absolutely no complaints here! I'd definitely stay again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jfmadden
<Content>Embassy Suites failure AFter reading these reviews for a month, I assumed that only the unhappy would write a review, and this forum was written by a bunch of complainers. I was wrong. My wife, myself, and my 3 children stayed here for one night after a cruise. After arriving at the Hotel I noticed the sign that stated hotel guests will pay 8 bucks to park and they do so at their own risk. I went into the lobby to check in and was not greeted by anyone, nor did anyone ask if I needed assistance with luggage. I indicated that I had a reservation and was asked for identification and a credit card. I was given my room key and the man at the desk turned to walk away. I asked him if that was all, and he said yes. He never pointed me to the elevators or asked if I needed a bellman. There was absolutely no professionalism on his behalf. I walked outside and observed a bellman walking away from me. I asked him for assistance and he was very polite and transported my luggage inside. It is surprising that they dont have a bellman standing outside trying to earn a few tips. I went up to the room and it smelled musty, just like everyone else. After staying at the Disney beach Club resort, this was a big dissappointment. The room was old, outdated, and was not clean. The furniture looked like it was from the 70's. I decided to stay anyway because it was already a long day. My kids turned on the tv and Nintendo games were displayed when it turned on. No where did it state there would be a cost, but the next morning I was charged $7 for the 1 hour they played. The litature in the room about the hotel and it's services was outdated and obviously very old. My family and myself went down to the restaraunt which had 15 people in it at the most and was immediately told it would be 20 minutes. I looked around at all the empty tables, then looked back at the hostess, who was not wearing anything that identified her as an employee. She stated that it was only a 3 minute walk to Bennigans around the corner. I told her I wasn't into walking down the street with 3 children in a strange city, especially when I was fully aware the Hotel was not in the nicest part of town. It was obvious that they were not interested in seating any more patrons at this late hour of 740PM on a Sunday night. We waited about 20 minutes and were seated. The food quality was poor to average at best. The check came and I noticed that a 20 percent gratuity was already added to it. I paid the check and we went back to our rooms. There was a DJ at the bar and the music was very loud, It was Hip Hop, and the bar looked like the local corner bar for the neighborhood. No business person, or person with a family would go near that place. It was a disgrace. After pulling out the sofa bed we noticed that it did not have any pillows or sheets. I called the front desk and told they would be sent up. By this time it was about 9PM . I waited about 30 minutes, and called again. The linens arrived about 40 minutes after the first call. The sheets were clean but the blanket had many holes in it. It looked many years old. I laughed, put it on the sofa bed, and we all went to sleep. We ate breakfast in the morning ( marginal at best) and went home. I have stayed at the Embassy Suites in Ft Lauderdale, and it was like night and day compared to this place. Yes, this hotel was less expensive than your average Miami Hotel, but at $169 per night I would rather pay more and stay elsewhere in the future. Overall it was not a pleasant experience and I would only recommend this place if all others were full, or budget was the most important issue.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Essexgirl2005
<Content>This can't be the hotel that the other reviews are referring to! For an airport hotel in Miami this one was very acceptable. I give it four points in the rating from comparison with others in area.We had avery clean room,no nasty smells.Staff at check in were excellent. 10 minutes after arriving in room we had a phone call to check if all was ok. We ate in restaraunt for evening meal and it was average,no problems. Breakfast is excellent. However, there was some kind of convention on and it was manic at breakfast. Tables were cleared really quickly (would help if people took own crockery/cutlery to storage tray or put disposables in bin.) Having tried many hotels near airport for a 1 night stay we would definately return to this one.Some rooms can hear the comuter train horns from early am but for 1 night that is acceptable.Personally I would never stay in Miami for many nights, as from experience,service and quality is lacking everywhere!!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirty, Nasty, and Oh Yeah -Nasty!!!!!!!!!! We were in town for a funeral and figured that Embassy Suites would be a great place to stay. Boy, were we wrong. When we first walked in the lobby area IT was breath-taking, however, when we were ready to take a shower the tub was dirty, the A/C rattled all night, and to top it off, we had to call the frontdesk for new sheets, because SOMETHING was crawling on us-....NASTY!!!! WE WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN, I WOULD RATHER SLEEP OUT IN THE CAR!!**But the breakfast is awesome, I must say, but that's it.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>curlyjbs
<Content>Embassy Suites 1 night precruise 11/5 After reading the reviews here I still booked - What was I thinking! Yes, the hotel is under construction so a little dust and yellow tape is understandable but our bathroom was disgusting. Mold everywhere! Chipped floor tiles, The faucet handles were not even connected to the sink!! Otherwise the room was just ok not really up to Embassy Suites Standards. The managers reception helped us feel better LOL and the breakfast was plentiful and really quite good - They even make omlettes! You can hear the planes but it's not too bad. Didn't notice a musty smell as reported in other reviews. The pool is small and shady. The hot tub was empty (no water). Booked on Hotwire and paid $60 - OK for 1 night (as a last resort) but I wouldn't recommend staying any longer.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>ive225
<Content>Never again! My husband, kids and I stayed here for the weekend while my husband took part in a truck show. I booked the Embassy Suites (even though there were other hotels a little closer) because to me it is the best value when you are traveling with small children (i.e. free breakfast, large rooms, micro, fridge, sink, etc.). My first impression of the hotel was not a good one!(be prepared to pay $8 per night for parking)....Every time I have checked into an Embassy Suites, the front desk clerk will always tell me what the hotel has to offer, for example what time their breakfast and happy hour is, where the pool can be located and of course how to get to your room.....well, not here! The clerk was busy talking to another employee as he asked me my information, then he simply handed me my key and I was on my way! When I got to my room, I was not impressed with the layout. The bathroom is inside the bedroom versus in between the two rooms (as I have seen most recently in the Orlando Embassy Suites). It just makes life easier when you don't have a constant in and out of the bedroom! The rooms were dirty ( a lot of dirt, dust, and stuff behind the beds) and the bathroom was very dirty (to the point where I felt gross to put my feet down on the floor). Everything so far would have been bad but not terrible....until I put my head down on my pillow (after a very long day) at 11:30pm....I hear music....REALLY LOUD MUSIC....like the room next door had a D.J. so I waited a few minutes to see if it would go away...No such luck! My 10-year old daughter and I started singing the macarena which was blaring in our room! I was laughing but I was so tired and I just couldn't believe it. When 5 minutes passed by and still the music was going, I called the front desk. I tell the clerk that there is this really loud music playing and he tells me to hold. Then someone else answers and again I tell them about the music. He then tells me that he is the manager and that he knows about the music. He tells me that it is a party in one of the banquets halls ( I guess the one directly under us because we were on the second floor and all the banquet halls are on the first floor) he says that he has already asked the party to tone the music down and that if they did not do it by 1:00am that he would shut the party down. I said, 1:00am??? that's in another hour and a half....I told him that I was very disappointed in this Embassy Suites and that I had never had this happen to me at any Embassy before. All he said was, Sorry maam and that was it! The next night, I should have asked to have been moved to a higher floor but it was really late and the kids were really tired...so I took a chance that hopefully there were no more parties.....Not A CHANCE! There was a birthday party for someone and we heard the whole party...Thank god this party did not go all night! My advice is to stay somewhere else....there are plenty of other options.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Lhwebbie
<Content>Believe what you Read We booked a pre-cruise stay here several months ago. We were traveling with 2 other couples and booked 3 rooms. I've been a loyal customer to Embassy Suites and have always had good stays at the ones I've stayed in.After I had already booked the stay, I began reading some of the reviews that had been posted about this hotel. The overall opinion of most of the postings was to stay somewhere else. I decided to ignore these postings because my thoughts were It's an Embassy Suites so it has to be good.That was a big mistake. I read about the musty smell in the rooms, and that was 100% accurate. The carpet in the room did not appear to have been swept and the bathroom was marginally clean at best. They appeared to have some damage to the building from the recent tropical storms, but they seemed to have made no effort at all to make any repairs. Our balcony had several small, sharp broken tiles laying all over the floor that could have easily been picked up.We walked to a nearby restaurant about 2 blocks away and were stopped by a police officer. He told the ladies to hold on tight to your purses because of the multiple purse snatchings that have taken place there.The managers reception was good as was the morning breakfast. My only complaint was they did not require any form of proof that you were a guest of the hotel. At both of these events, I saw people come in the front door, reap the benefits, and leave out the front door. Well, guess who pays for that in the long run? We will either pay more for our rooms or they will discontinue some of the attrations that bring us there in the first place.They are in the process of remodeling and had a sign that said excuse the mess on the main level. I can understand excess dust and the things that go with remodeling, but my concerns have nothing to do with the construction that was taking place.Maybe when all of the rooms have been remodeled, the musty smell and overall room conditions will improve.If you are thinking of booking here for a pre-cruise stay, my advice is to stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sparklerhino
<Content>Don't! I stayed here on recommendation, despite the reviews I had read on TripAdvisor. The hotel was baaaaad. Probably OK for some tastes, but certainly not mine. The staff seemed ill-informed (and many only appeared fluent in Spanish. One completely fabricated usage instructions for the in-room internet, which weren't even plausible). The resturant was terrible  I had to send food back, there's pretty much no-where else in walking distance though, so you may be stuck eating there. I wasn't even convinced it was clean ( the knife used to cut my cucumber had previously been used to cut something red....).The rooms are musty, although to be fair large. I hated this hotel, but some of that may have just been my taste rather than the hotel failing in all ways. Good points: The beds are large, I think it was clean-ish, and it has a quirkly atrium design.My advice? Stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Roach Soup, anyone? We booked this room MONTHS ahead of time through Hotwire so I guess that was our first mistake. We were on our honeymoon and thought a 3-star hotel would promise a nice, clean place to stay. We requested a non-smoking room with a King bed. When we checked in, we were given a smoking room with two double beds. I asked if we could have a room with a King and I was told Oh, I see you booked through Hotwire. Sorry, what you get is what you get. - no kidding! My jaw just about hit the counter but the manager was unavailable. Not wanting to mar the event of our honeymoon (since we were just staying there the one night before leaving for our cruise), I just accepted the room and figured my new husband and I would make do with the accomodations. What we found was a balcony with 3 inches of standing water complete with dead roaches, cigar butts and other bits of debris floating in it. There was profanity written on the inside of the drawer of the nightstand, the bathroom sink had pubic hairs in it and the tub had the nastiest slime skimming the surface. I actually took pictures with my digital camera to show the manager! We went downstairs to demand another room and were told that they were booked full and did not have another room to offer us. As I walked away disappointed, a gentleman walked up to the registration desk and said that his flight was cancelled and he needed a place to stay for the night. He said he had called from the airport and was told there were many rooms available. He was given a NON-SMOKING ROOM and a choice of either a KING bed or TWO DOUBLES! I spoke to the manager and complained, who offered to comp our night and have a maid clean up our room for us but he did not offer to change our room, even though we asked. It was the most horrible experience I've ever had at a hotel and I travel often every year.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>bigdaddyjoel
<Content>Nice hotel, needs some work The pool and interior was really nice, and very pleasant to be in those area's. The room wasn't that nice, the bed was comfy, but the room was in need of remodeling and repair. The room had a stuffy smell the whole stay, the air didn't seem to work all that well, but kept it cool enough, was a very loud unit.The checkin process was very nice, michelle was so friendly and polite, she explained everyting you wanted to know about the hotel and times and location for the free food and drinks. good location to the airport, would stay else where if it wasn't to catch an early plane out the next morning.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Frequent
<Content>Good!!! Stayed 2 nites June 5-7. Breakfast was great - big selection.Room: There was a humid moldy smell in the room, but I have found this condition with most hotels I go to in South Florida. Seems to be the case in the tropics....Noise: Yes, the planes were noisy but what do you expect at a hotel located across the streey from a very busy airport. Other hotels in the area have the same problem. Overall, will go back again.... Rooms could do with an updating though....  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sciencetraveler
<Content>Loved the Breakfast Buffet, hated the moldy smell I wasn't sure whether to stay at this hotel due to the mixed reviews that I had read. I called up the front desk to ask if the noise of the planes was loud and I was assured that the rooms were soundproofed. Since we were arriving late, we decided to take a chance, since it was near the airport. We arrived at about 9:40 PM and were looking forward to the Manager's cocktail hour that we had been promised. When we arrived, we were told that we had missed that event. The atrium was beautiful and we were looking forward to relaxing in our room. Our first impression of the room was of a strong moldy smell. My traveling companion suffers from asthma and was afraid she was going to have an attack. The bell boy told us that we could switch room, but that all of them had the moldy smell. We tried opening the balcony door, but the noise of the traffic and the planes was too loud. Fortunately we were tired, so we pretty much went right to bed. You don't need an alarm at this hotel. I don't know about the sound proofing that was promised, because at about 5 AM, it sounded like planes were taking off frequently and it was so loud, we couldn't stay asleep, even though we were both so tired and had planned on sleeping in late. We went down to the buffet breakfast in the most beautiful atrium I have ever seen. Very tropical and colorful. The food was great and there was a large selection. We signed up for the Cruise package, and a bus was provided to take us and our luggage to the Royal Caribbean dock. It was well organized. We spent about $150 with all of the taxes. I'm afraid it was not worth that price, with the moldy smell and the loud planes I would advise staying somewhere else.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>abenitaj
<Content>Fair Hotel Spent one night (June 3, 2005)at the Embassy Suites, Miami Airport. The hotel is convenient to the Airport, Rental Car Companies and the beaches. The made to order breakfast was delicious as well as the free drinks. The staff was helpful and friendly. My experience with the room was another story. The musty, wet, foul odor in our 10th floor room was horrible. It was so bad that I had to cover up my head with the sheet just to sleep without smelling the odor. The entire decor of the room looked old and worn. The noise from the planes wasn't really a problem until around 5:30 a.m. when the noise made it seem like all of the planes were taking off at the same time!! If you stay here, DO NOT allow them put you on the 10th floor. Furthermore, if your stay in Miami is for more than one night, PLEASE opt to stay somewhere else. At least I would.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>AstridWilson
<Content>More then one night, for business or pleasure, spring for a beach front hotel       85th street beach  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>brennerd
<Content>Good for an overnight visit, but lacking something I would agree with several other opinions indicating that the hotel just isn't quite up to embassy suites standards. However, it is an excellent value and location if you are briefly overnighting in miami. That is probably the only circumstance that I would stay her again. Although not necessarily dirty, the rooms are old, the furniture is cheap and it is generally not the embassy suites style room I am used to. However, I can't complain too much, it was cheap. My advise - stay if you have a good reason, otherwise look elsewhere.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jerri_Blank
<Content>It's good, not great   showReview(3164961, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful   showReview(3099640, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not up to par for Embassy Suites...   showReview(2483694, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will never go back..   showReview(2451263, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great deal!   showReview(2380987, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xwarrior26
<Content>Good Hotel, Some Grumpy Staff   showReview(1831932, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed Feelings....   showReview(1735003, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Musty Rooms   showReview(1492491, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value and a haven at the end of a long journey   showReview(1107344, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay, but could better   showReview(1070776, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BuenosAiresTriper
<Content>super recomendable   showReview(22898055, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous avons surtout appr茅ci茅 le petit d茅jeuner !   showReview(19635071, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pratique et confortable 脿 2 pas de l'a茅roport   showReview(19635069, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gut f眉r max. zwei N盲chte   showReview(18532594, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent hotel d 'a茅roport   showReview(16591508, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel giusto dopo il viaggio in aereo   showReview(16591499, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent pour un court s茅jour   showReview(13200833, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>USA-Freak59
<Content>Besser als die meisten Kritiken!   showReview(10072403, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Charmant hotel !   showReview(11304115, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

