<Author>mitch08
<Content>Big and Busy       View from Dukes at sunset  
<Date>Jan 10, 2009
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SL.123
<Content>Christmas       Christmas trees  
<Date>Jan 10, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>sjl96
<Content>We loved the Outrgger Waikiki We stayed here with our 2 childern (9  10) for a week in late December/early January. We don't have any complaints. The noise problems that some people complain about weren't an issue for us at all. The location is perfect - right in the heart of Waikiki. Lots of stuff for the kids to do in the area. Duke's was great for breakfast and dinner, make sure and get reservations in advance if you plan to have dinner there or the wait can be over an hour for a table. We got a great rate on our room using the entertainment book (they don't even ask for the coupon). The view from our partial ocean view room was very nice. The service was very good whenever we needed anything. One suggestion if you have a rental car - there is a parking garage about a block away (right behind the Int'l Marketplace) that only costs $7 overnight, much better option than the $25 valet parking at the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HonestEssex_England
<Content>busy, busy, busy Just got back after staying at this hotel Dec 08 and for the new year. What can I say, Hawaii is extremly busy. Not what I quite expected. We arrived on 26th December and after a 9 hour delay on our flight from Las Vegas everything was in complete darkness. Apparently there had been a power cut and the whole of the island had no electricity. As we drove along the streets all we could see were police cars and flares lighting up the streets. You can imagine after the bright lights of Vegas to darkness we were very sceptical. Check in was a breeze, however, we were just told that that there was a flash light in our room so we could see. After 2 visits back to reception we eventually found the flash light, but a match would of given off more light so we just went to bed. The hotel is extremly clean and tidy and the rooms are more a 3+ star than a 5 star. The beach and pool areas are extremly busy and it is very hard to find a spot to sun bathe (this could of been the time of year that we went, but I do like a bit of privacy and not have my next door neighbours sitting on top of me. If you are a smoker this Island may not suit you as you can only smoke in designated areas and smoking is not allowed in the hotel premises at all (not even on your balcony, around th pool, on the beach or walking along the street). However, I must say that we meet some great friends at these smoking stations. The sun loungers around the pool are free , however few and far between. Most of them are reserved for guests that have been staying there for 21 days or more. Drinks are very expenses at the hotel, but we found an ABC store opposite the hotel and brought cans to take to the pool with us. Nobody said anything and everyone seemed to be doing the same. If you sun bathe on the beach you are not allowed to drink alcohol and there are police walking the beat to ensure that this law is enforced. The food is reasonable and I would recommend the buffett breakfast and lunch as food is very plentiful and very nice. There is not much to do in the evenings here unless you like designer shopping as it is very hard to get served in the hotel bar as it is so busy. Even the Americans were calling this New York on the beach. This Island was not what we expected as we thought it would be quieter so we wont be returing to Hawaii.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>cmcg0981
<Content>Great location! My husband and I stayed here two nights during our honeymoon. The Outrigger has a great location right on Waikiki Beach. It's also close to a lot of shopping and restaurants.We booked the partial ocean view room, which still had a good view of Waikiki and Diamond Head. The room itself was pretty standard. It was clean and comfortable. We received a complimentary bottle of Champagne for our honeymoon, which was just a nice touch. The only downside was that parking was $25 a day for hotel guests. It was the only place we stayed in Hawaii where we had to pay for parking. The restaurants are also good at the Outrigger. We spent both nights at Dukes, which is a great place to watch the sunset and have some cocktails. I highly recommend their Hula Pie, which is big enough to share.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>J_CVancouver
<Content>Wonderful EXCEPT for the noise.... A lovely hotel, GREAT staff, terrific restaurants, and what a location! BUT, if you want to sleep on your vacation...this property is not a good choice. Walls are paper-thin between rooms and you can hear EVERYTHING going on in the adjoining rooms (on either side, and above). After reporting concerns to the front desk they said we had to call them as soon as we heard the noises (which were more or less non-stop) and they would send Security to investigate...not really something we want to become involved/engaged in during our vacation. People in other rooms were not being that unreasonable...the hotel just needs to do something about soundproofing. There was also a gaggle of musicians making noise for donations directly in front of the International Marketplace (right across the road from this hotel). The drum, electric guitar and steel drum solos carried on until after 2:00 am, making it impossible to have a window open. We spoke with hotel security staff at the entrance and they said there was not really anything they could do about it. It was obvious that we were not the only ones being bothered as we witnessed others voicing similar complaints. I would think the surrounding hotels would be taking steps with the local authorities to establish some guidelines. We spoke with the police at the Waikiki Beach detachment and they had received similar complaints that same day. We live in the heart of downtown Vancouver in a condo and are not unreasonable about city noises, but between the poor sound proofing and the unregulated noise makers across the road we did not get one night of sleep in two weeks! So, if you are hoping to get any rest during your stay in Waikiki I would personally not recommend this otherwise lovely property.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mollydog7
<Content>Loved the outrigger on the beach We were extremely satisfied with the Hawaiian hospitality.The hotel was great the service fantastic We would stay there again and again  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>deliciousVancouver
<Content>does not meet my high standards I will start off telling you about the great things:1. Great Location.2. free internet now the bad:1. Old, Old , Old2. musty smell throughout the hotel3. thin walls.4. slow elevator system5. staff were ok...not great6. bathrooms, old and dirty7. rooms are outdated8. very noisy hotel9. they deal with a pest control company regularlyThank god we only stayed one night, and then moved the hilton hawaiian village, wonderful hotel..we paid just as much at the hiton hawaiian village.It was hard to stay at this hotel after spending a couple of nights at the Sheraton Waikiki. amazing, hotel and really is a 4 star.We were in Waikiki for 10 days scoping out hotels to see where we'd like to have our wedding. Top 3 hotels:1. Sheraton Waikiki2. Moana Surfrider3. Hilton Hawaiian Villagethe Hyatt was great as well...All of the hotels just listed gave us free upgrades.Unlike the Outrigger who expected us to pay extra and mind you the extra didn't do it for us, the rooms are still outdated and the view was just ok.Sadly the outrigger needs work, I expect some luxury when they state to be a 4 star hotel.This hotel needs upgrades!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	3	4	

<Author>pfed
<Content>Great vacation This is my second time staying at the OWB, after our stay 2 years ago we vowed we wouldn't stay anywhere else.So many great things about this hotel, free calls to USA and Canada for keeping in touch with family (this came in handy) booking activities, rental car, transportation etc through hotel, literally a one stop shop. I found that our hotel had the best restaurants in Waikiki Beach, we kept returning after walking the strip because nothing could really beat the views and the quality of food, Chucks, Dukes and Hula grill were fantastic, the store in the lobby came in handy as well with bottled water very reasonably priced and accessible near the beach and our room. My only disappointment this time were the thin walls, I never realized it as a much during our last stay but we were kept up at night with the sound of flushing toilets, people bathing, talking etc. we were situated right next to the maid supply closet and trust me they weren't quiet when speaking to each other. If you do stay here and realize you are in a room ending in 00 maybe request a room change, all the floors with 00 for (200, 300, 400) have the supply closet next to it which is accessible at all hours of the day by the janitorial staff, Also these same rooms overlook the roof of the Royal Hawaiian hotel that is undergoing a huge reno and their A/C fan is on the roof deck right outside of the 00 rooms and is extremely noisy . We mentioned this to the hotel staff and they quickly switched us into another oom, aside from the thin walls that all the rooms have, I was again a delited guest, service was great! Oh and another thing to be aware of is there is a pushy timeshare person offering discounts right next to the activities desk so be aware when booking an activity through the hotel that you may be bugged 1 second later by a timeshare rep telling you that they can give it to you for free if you attend a session of theirs. Which I found kinda unfair to the hotel activities sales people who were very helpful.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>gcjw
<Content>Outrigger fantastic! Far exceeded our expectations. Was decorated for Christmas, very festive. All staff very friendly and helpful. Rooms very clean and quiet, and much bigger than expected. Was told we had a city view room when in fact our room had a great view of the ocean from our balcony. Great beach access. Dukes restaurant OK, LOVED Hula Grill!! Don't rent a car from the airport. Rent a car from hotel for the day. Don't need a car unless you want to explore the island. Will absolutely return in the future. Vancouver, WA  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nickss1
<Content>superb hotel for beach location stayed at hotel as part of a round the world trip. arived early in the morning from australia, but was still allowed to checkin to room. very good start by the staff. the room was large, and clean. city view, although i could still see the sea, which was excellent. my room was right behind the lifts, but i heard nothing. very quiet. the hotel is right on the beach. the air con was excellent, keeping the room cool. coffe making and free wifi in room. dukes restuarant on 1st floor, very efficent, and great views over the ocean. superb breakfast buffet. hawaiian grill is good for bar meals at hotel. sun loungers available at pool, the beach was very busy. overall, a great location, and relaxing time. i was definately return here.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>spongesurfermatt
<Content>Outrigger rocks! First off, staying right on the beach has it perks. It鈥檚 nice going straight to the beach from your room in less then a minute. Of course in Hawaii you鈥檙e really not in your room much. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms are pretty spacious and clean. I hear from people that stay in Waikiki that there is a lot of city noise but we didn鈥檛 notice anything excessive. We were also staying closer to the city side than the beach side. They鈥檝e done a pretty good job keeping up the hotel for how old it is. Dukes Barefoot Bar was a cool place to hang out with nightly live music. The hotel is located right across the street from The International Market Place and several other shopping centers. Also the beach had plenty of open space to just lye out. Overall we were pretty happy with the hotel and were heading back again next month. The only expense that鈥檚 kind of a drawback is the parking which cost $25 a night.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>bjohn435
<Content>Great Hotel;Great Location The Outrigger Waikiki is a great modern, clean, and well located hotel. Every member of the staff with whom I was in contact was pleasant, well informed and eager to help. The location is right in the middle of Waikiki Beach, with plenty of shops and restaurants in the immediate area. Especially nice was the hospitality room, which was available on the day we departed for a quick shower before heading to the airport. Duke's Canoe Club restaurant was a great place for lunch, dinner, or a breakfast buffet with a view of Diamond Head. Airport shuttles and tour companies pick up right in front of the Outrigger. It was a great place and a terrific value.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>angelakittycat
<Content>Great Location, great service-shame about the thin walls       Our rm 210  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	5	2	

<Author>MistyPink
<Content>2nd Visit-Still loved it!       Na Hoku II  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chookas
<Content>Great location but............ Recently returned from a 5 night stay at Outrigger Waikiki (end of October), staying in an Ocean Front room. The hotel itself is pleasant, the rooms are dated but very clean and spacious. The hotel staff are very friendly and helpful, 10 out of 10 for them. Our only gripe is the construction noise from the hotel directly next to the Outrigger. Of course this isn't the fault of the hotel, but it would have been considerate to perhaps inform us of this when we made our booking. The ocean front rooms aren't cheap, and if we had known about the noise we would have opted for a room on the opposite side of the building or another Outrigger. The construction starts at 7.30/8.00am each morning (including Saturday) and finishes around 5pm. If you like to sleep in or be able to listen to the ocean waves on your balcony this hotel probably isn't for you until the Royal Hawaiin is complete. The pool is also right next to the construction activity, so we spent our days at the beach instead.I'm not trying to bag out this hotel as we enjoyed our stay nevertheless, but if you are going to book contact them and ask if you need to consider where your room is located.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Legal12
<Content>Fabulous Time at the Outrigger Waikiki November 6, 2008My husband and I spent four wonderful days and nights at the Outrigger Waikiki last month. The hotel was beautiful and clean with a great room. The staff was extremely helpful and courteous. Can't say enough about it! Duke's Restaurant is also a great place to dine as is the Hula Grill with the beautiful view - especially for breakfast when it is nice and quiet on the beach. Our only disappoint was we had a partial ocean view and we really could not sit on the porch without hearing the loud air conditioner from the Cheesecake Factory - we didn't spend that much time in our room but when we did want to sit out at night it is quite noisy. We were celebrating our 40th wedding anniversary and renewed our vows at the Outrigger Reef which I would recommend to anyone going there for an anniversary. A beautiful ceremony on the beach - we even had a rainbow! All in all a beautiful time in a great hotel. We went on to Maui after Oahu and found it to be a much more relaxed island without all of the shopping and traffic of Oahu. However, still had a wonderful time!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tawill
<Content>Wonderful Hotel       View down the beach from front of hotel  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Sequin-Sue
<Content>A great hotel - right on the beach We are a couple in our twenties who stayed at the Outrigger for a week in May/June 2008. We were deciding for ages between this hotel and the Moana Surfrider, and in the end chose this one for the balcony, as a balcony room was a lot more expensive at the Surfrider. The other hotel on the beach, the Royal Hawaiian, was closing for refurbishment at the time, so that one was never in the equation.The hotel's location is excellent - right on the famous Waikiki Beach, with all the shops, bars and restaurants right on its doorstep. We had a side ocean view room with a balcony. The room was a really good size - it had two double beds in - although the balcony was too small; the ones directly on the front looked much bigger. It was fantastic to wake up to a view of the ocean every morning. The decor was a bit dated in the room and throughout the hotel, but completely acceptable.The pool area isn't that big considering the size of the hotel, although we never had any trouble getting a sun-lounger. There are no parasols though which makes sunbathing in the midday sun almost impossible, unless you are a hard-core bather. There are parasols and beds for hire on the beach, but it was about $40 for two beds and a parasol for the day, which is expensive to do more than once. The beach area does get busy, but its not unbearable.We had breakfast at the hotel pretty much every morning - there's plenty of choice in the buffet. We ate at the hotel in the evening a couple of times too which was very nice and a lovely beach-front setting. We would also recommend the restaurant 'Top of Waikiki' - which is the revolving restaurant that can be seen from the main street, it gives excellent views of Honolulu especially at sunset.I think if we went back to Waikiki again we would choose one of the other hotels along the front, but I would certainly recommend the Outrigger for a pleasant stay,  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>GatoRat
<Content>Nice rooms, beautiful beach The Good:I really liked the room. It was clean, cozy and nice. The view wasn't great, but I knew that. The hotel was clean and staff very nice. The beach was fantastic as were the sunsets.We ate at Duke's Canoe Club. They had friendly staff and cooked my steak and my wife's chicken to perfection. The Bad:The mashed potatoes at Duke's weren't very good. Cold and slightly overcooked. The salad bar was poor. Where's the cheese?The pool is salt water. Crystal clear, yes, but nasty when it gets in your mouth and eyes. The ocean is salt water and was very nice. However, I want variety.The rooms were a bit noisy, especially from the connecting room, if there is one and from next door. Fortunately, the noise stopped at ten.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>wendy-brian
<Content>Lovely Hotel We stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach in September 2008, the location was brilliant could not of ask for more, I had read on trip advisor that some of the rooms could be noisy, especially the rooms on the side of the hotel facing the Cheesecake factory, well our room was one of them, but I can honestly say that it was not noisy for us, although we were on the15th floor. The rooms were clean and the hotel staff were veryhelpful. We were offered an upgrade on our room when we first checked in but declined, because we thought we wouldn't be spending much time in it anyway, right choice I think. We ate at Dukes, which was very nice but I felt that the Cheesecake Factorywas much nicer and slightly cheaper. If we ever went back toHawaii we would stay at the Outrigger again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>EIRROG
<Content>Very Honest Staff My wife Marydoll , my mate Neil and his wife Michelle and myself flew from edinburgh(total flying time 22hrs) with a 1 night unexpected stop in new york to outrigger waikiki, being a day late in landing we were concerned about our reservations but we were met by a very nice and helpful girl at check in who quickly checked us in to our rooms both with sea views and king size beds and free wifi :) :)  The hotel in the very best location on Waikiki Beach with No resort fees something the The Sheraton Maui Resort  Spa might want to reconsider which was our 2nd stop but i will review that later! While we never used it Hawaiian airlines flight check-in available in the hotel lobby handy to save time rather than the self check in that most US airports now operate (cost saving will start over here soon !) Right now lets get down to the nitty gritty . Food and Drink while we never had anything we did not like most food was great but the state laws about Drink are quite laughable i am 42 right and never been asked for I.D in my life but if you want a beer and you are under 311yrs old take I.D with you where ever you go it did get funny when an old man say about 72 was asked for his I.D to get into a bar with his wife and got turned away because of no I.D (crazy eh?) Must do for food is the Top of Waikiki Revolving Restaurant with views of Diamond Head, sea views, mountain views Great food and Wine we spent our last night here and that was a shame because we would have defo gone twice ! I had left a wallet in our room $279 on checking out, and when my wife phoned form maui we were very surprised to hear that the maid had handed it in to the desk and that they would send it be FedEx to Las Vegas ($279 intact )or last stop for us ,a fantastic service and the Outrigger Waikiki must be commended for this TOP CLASS!!There are street entertainers outside the outrigger and they are good fun but be aware that there are a few ladies of the night infiltrated amongst them looking for business and are quite blazing about it even if you have kids, just so your warned!Pearl Harbour is a must see too, now dont go on any of the expensive tours some as much as $110 per person go youself as there is no charge at the gate not a well known fact !!!! Great place to stay, great food ,great views would go back 10 out of 10!!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AZ_Teddybear
<Content>Loved the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach! What a great hotel! The location and price were what brought us to the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach but the outstanding service and staff is why we are already planning out next trip back. From the moment we arrived, we were greeted by name, and were greeted in the same manner the entire 8 days that we were there. We didn't experience any problems with loud noises or paper thin walls but we may have gotten lucky by not getting any loud neighbors. Dukes retaurant and bar was the best! Will definately recommend this hotel to anyone we know visiting Waikiki and will definately return!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Canadian_Zeek
<Content>We would stay there again! Let me start by saying my wife and I don't travel much. When we do travel we like nice hotels and can be turned away just by the look of a place.This place was awesome! I don't know where some of the reviewers were experiencing noise. The hotel next door was being renovated but we didn't hear any noise in the evening. We had a room next to ours being repaired but that noise ended before supper time. There was never a time we could not sleep, and I am a very light sleeper.The restaurants were great. Dukes, Hula Grill, tried them both on several occassions and had no complaints. Went to the breakfast buffet at Dukes every morning, best french toast we ever had.Loved being by the beach, the location was perfect.We rented a car for the week but was not used to valet service. At first I was choked to pay $25 a day for valet parking, it ended up being one of our best investments. When we left we were asked where we were going for the day. They offered suggestions, in our case, for the best place to snorkel where we were going. Boy were they right. It made it so much easier. When we arrived at the end of the day they asked how our day was and we traded stories. They were the best.The Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach was our best experience of the trip.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Miramar
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Outrigger       view from Duke's  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>ArabellaA.
<Content>Overall Great Resort And Great Value! We just had a great 8-night stay here in September. We were greeted by a friendly front desk staff, when we arrived about two hours early, and throughout our stay, we found almost everything to our liking.We paid $185/Entertainment Rate for a city-view room but were upgraded to partial ocean-view, I think, because we were celebrating an anniversary. Our room #1208, had a generous view of the ocean so we were very pleased!The room was very pretty, and we enjoyed our lanai, especially at night, listening to the sounds of Waikiki and watching the lights come on. We had free internet, safe, local  long-distance calls, fridge, coin-operated laundry , coffeemaker/coffee ... Outrigger gives you a lot for your money! Housekeeping was superb ... friendly and quick to supply any extra towels, etc. The walls can seem a bit thin if you get someone very noisy next door, but in eight days, we were only bothered for an hour or so twice. It certainly was no big deal, and I would have asked for a move had it been.Seattle's Best, in the lobby, was very convenient for picking up morning coffee, and the three restaurants are all top-notch ... Hula Grill, Duke's and Chuck's Steakhouse. All oceanside, with wonderful views and usually live music at night, and very convenient when you don't want to stray far for dinner. I loved that it is next door to the Sheraton Moana Surfrider and it's Beach Bar under the Banyan Tree, where you can get the best Mai Tai in Waikiki!The pool was very clean, always enough chairs, and a pleasant pool staff. You could get drinks/foods from Duke's or a sandwich/shave ice stand near the hotel laundry area. There were good shops in the hotel, as well as other great shopping all around you in that location. The location there could not be better, dead center of everything you might want to do in Waikiki! I will definitely stay there when we go back to Waikiki!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Toose
<Content>Very Unrelaxing Stay at the Outrigger We stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki for the first part of our honeymoon. The hotel, itself, was nice with a lot of amenities, fantastic beach front, nice restaurants (very good breakfast buffet at Dukes), and very friendly valets. However, this was not the hotel experience I had expected when I booked. Upon checking in, we were told that the ocean front w/ king bed room that we had booked was unavailable. We were forced to pony up another $120 per night to be upgraded to an ocean front suite. The room itself was very nice, and fairly large for Waikiki being a corner-room. However, we found that we not only overlooked the ocean, but were also overlooking the construction going on next door at the Royal Hawaiian. We were woken up at 6:30 AM for the next 4 days by the sound of heavy machinery and jack-hammers/saws/drills. Sitting out on the lanai was a near impossibility due to the sound. There also was some maintenance work being done within the Outrigger, itself. I literally jumped while in the shower when I heard what sounded like a drill coming through the bathroom wall. When I called the front desk at 9 AM to ask about the construction going on within the hotel, I was told that there wasn't any and that they had no idea what the noise could be. After double-checking with maintenance, I was finally told that there was, in fact, work being done on the room next to me. I had asked to speak to a manager to either get my room moved again to the other side of the hotel, or get a discount on the higher rate I was paying for this upgraded room. I was told that the manager wasn't available, but would call me later that day. By 7PM, I had yet to receive a call. I decided to call back, and finally spoke to the manager. He was not helpful at all. When I asked to move, he told me there were no other ocean front rooms available. When I asked for a discount, he basically laughed at me and said there was no way he could lower the rate on my room any further. After becoming somewhat irritated with him, I hung up and started looking for another hotel. After finding a room at the Moana Surfrider, my wife persuaded me to tough it out at the Outrigger for a couple more days rather than move all of our things next door. However, if i had it to do all over again, I would have moved to the Moana Surfrider and enjoyed a couple of peaceful days in Waikiki.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	5	4	2	1	4	

<Author>bachanelli
<Content>Nice hotel but again with some noise issues. I will start by saying that this hotel is lovely. It is clean and bright. The staff are very helpful. The hotel opens onto the glorious Waikiki beach. All the amenities you need are on-site: gift stores, activities desk, photography store. Our housekeeper was completely lovely and kept the room to a very high standard of cleanliness. The internet was free. The check-in desk for Hawaiian airlines was exceptionally handy. The view from our ocean-front room was truly amazing, filled with sea, palm trees and sand. Unfortunately we were also above Duke鈥檚 restaurant. They have live music every evening playing between 10-12 (while we were willing to join in the aloha spirit, one of the tours we took left the hotel at 6.30 am). I did think of having us moved but, to be honest, if you are in the front of the hotel (and we鈥檇 paid in advance for an oceanfront room) you are going to get the loud music. You cannot sleep in either as the hotel next door is having renovation work done. You also may want to take a torch into the bathroom as it is quite dark in there. So, while I can commend the quality of the hotel and its place directly on Waikiki beach, I would say that there is the chance that a booming bass will keep you up late.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>sarahBuk
<Content>Great hotel and location. Shame about the noise! I have really mixed feelings about this hotel. It's in a great location right on the beach and the rooms were pretty good - if a little dated looking. The staff were always very helpful and the facilities were good - you get complimentary phonecalls to the mainland US and internet access too. On the downside we were first given a room on the side of the Cheesecake factory and if I hadn't read these reviews that may not have bothered me, but I was aware of the noise from the fan on their roof. The partial ocean view wasn't great on that side either. We asked if there was anything on the other side and there was. It was much better. We could see the sea from inside the room rather than having to go out on the balcony and it was much quieter. The decor is a little dated but clean so no complaints there. Our main issue was with noise. We could hear people above us using the loo and washing and could often hear people speaking in the next room. Unless you're a very heavy sleeper this may cause you problems. If I return to Waikiki I think I'd try another hotel just because we had trouble sleeping here.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Ca_natives
<Content>A Great Week at the Outrigger l We spent a lovely 6 nights  days at the Outrigger in Waikiki. We have stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki, the Hilton, and the Royal Hawaiian on previous visits to Waikiki. We were cordially greeted by the staff in the beautiful lobby. We got in early, and our room wasn't ready, so we had lunch at one of our favorite places, Dukes! Good food, great service, always! Our room was a little dated (no heavenly bed, but it was comfortable) with a partial ocean view on the 16th floor. This hotel is right in the center of the Waikiki beach. In the front you have shops  restaurants galore. In the back you have beautiful Waikiki. Plus the Outrigger has two of our favorite restaurants (Dukes  Hula Grill). We stay more often in Maui  also love Kimo's, Hula Grill  Leilani's, all in the same family as well as Sunnyside in Lake Tahoe (the family of restaurants used to include Jakes on the Lake in Tahoe). There is so much to do staying at the Outrigger! You can dine, shop, sunbathe, people watch, surfer watch, swim, float, go for a boat ride or a sunset cruise. At night most of the restaurants have entertainment, great local musicians! You can listen to music in the late afternoon at Dukes, go to the Hula Grill and listen to the music there, when that set is through head over to the Sheraton Surfrider and listen to music under the stars and the beautiful banyan tree, then end the night listening to the musicians at Dukes . They have good entertainment at the Hilton, also! Take a trip to Kailua and enjoy the beautiful beach and go kayaking. Meander up to the North Shore  watch the surfers. We had a great time! Next year we're looking at 2 weeks in Maui, but maybe we can take some of that time and come back to Waikiki!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>HappyTraveller7503
<Content>Loved the Outrigger!!! I was a little worried about some of the reviews that the Outrigger had received before I stayed there. Comments about their thin walls, outdated furnishings and the dreaded fans from the Cheesecake Factory were posted many times. However, I couldn't have been more relieved when I got there and experienced this hotel first hand.From the time we arrived, we were greeted promptly and cheerfully. Our check in was a breeze even though we arrived well before check in time. We took possession of one room while we waited for the other to become available.The rooms were a decent size, very comfortably furnished and had plenty of room for two friends and a toddler. My room was above the Cheesecake Factory but because we had the door shut all the time, we didn't hear a thing. We were also on the 9th floor which probably helped!! Our other friends had a room across the hall which had views of the ocean and they had their lanai door open all the time and could only hear the waves coming in - except when the Aloha Parade went through the first weekend we were there.We ate at every restaurant and had breakfast at the Hula Grill every morning. All the waitstaff were incredibly friendly and helpful and often helped us with suggestions of where to go and what to do.The pool is lovely - it's in full shade every morning and although it's really deep even at the shallow end, it is busy all the time so get there early and secure your sun-lounge!The beach outside is pristine and warm and it's easy to find your own little pozzie and share some shade from someone else's sun umbrella! There is a lot to do just on the beach itself - surfiing, canoeing, catamaran-ing.Outrigger on the Beach is in a fantastic location - right in the middle of everything. We used the valet parking and were very happy with the service of the guys there. Also, having computer and ATM access right in our lobby made things that little bit more convenient. As did having a coin laundry to wash baby clothes.We were all thrilled with the Outrigger on the Beach, I don't know if were were more tolerant of our neighbours because we have all travelled extensively and we have a realistic expectation of what a hotel in the middle of the main street in Waikiki is going to be able to deliver, but regardless, none of us had any problems with noisy neighbours or loud flushing toilets and I am already planning to go back and stay again!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JohnZilla
<Content>LOVED the Outrigger We booked our honeymoon (the hotel) through priceline which was a bad idea. When we got to the hotel they only had a double bed and didn't know it was our honemoon although I specified that on the website. After getting our room straight, and a room upgrade fee :( we had our oceanview deluxe room, complete with jacuzzi tub and balcony overlooking waikiki beach and the ocean - the view was incredible and the upgrade fee was well worth it. The hotel staff was friendly and very accomidating, the concierge was extremely knowledgeable and the wait staff/bartenders/pool staff were all friendly and courteous. The restaurants were all very nice, the steakhouse Dukes had very good food and the roomservice was not too bad although maybe a bit short. The hotel itself was very clean, the pool area and beachfront was also very well maintained. The pool itself was small and full of saltwater but the ocean about 50 yards away is a much better alternative. We were sad to leave, and look forward to making it back to the Outrigger the next time we reach Oahu.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yvonne725
<Content>exceded our expectations! We have just returned from five nights at the Outrigger and we can't say enough about our fantastic stay. From the minute we arrived and throughout our stay the staff was lovely to us. We had booked an oceanfront room (at a very good price) and when we opened the door -WOW- we were in an incredible one bedroom suite. we had not even asked about an upgrade so we were over the moon! We loved our breakfast at Dukes every morning. We also dined at the Hula Grill, Chucks Steakhouse, and dinner at Dukes. All three have a friendly staff, great views, and good food. Everyone should see the Society of Seven show -OUTSTANDING- what a good time we had. Make sure you take care of Frank and you will get a good seat. The location is hands down the best on Waikiki. After checking out many other hotels in the area, we felt that the Outrigger was the over all best choice. We are busy planning our next visit to the Outrigger Waikiki.  aloha  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NJCh
<Content>Nice Hotel for a perfect location       Diamond Head View from Beach  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>antoewainer
<Content>perfect in any way me and my husband were there on honeymoon in a oceanfront room and it was beautiful! lovely rooms with all facilities, great gentle staff, great food, great location...very comfortable. Probably it has been recently renewed and now the lifts are superfast.we'll miss it  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mdrob0304
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at this hotel for 5 days September 2008. I have read many reviews about the problems with this hotel. We did not experience any. Staff was great. Service was great. Location was great. We upgraded to Ocean Front room. I'm sure this made a difference with the noise. When looking from room you would never guess you were in the busy city of Honolulu. No street noise. No noise from room next door. Just overall wonderful. Breakfast buffet at Duke was a great way to start the day. Hula Grill had the best dinner.Call Star Taxi for ride from airport. Great rates and people. Ask for Dave.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CLARETSMAD1882
<Content>Outdated Had a fantastic holiday but had to pay $1000 dollars EXTRA to upgrade from a city room to a sea view.The City rooms were terrible, pokey, out dated. The swimming pool / bar area were also quite poor but the location is good.The staff in the hotel were brilliant especially the cleaners and reception staff - Very helpful.I e-mailed the concierge numerous times before arrival and found them un helpful.One word of warning - The staff in Dukes ( The bar) are very rude and unhelpful and seem to think they have celebrity status for working there. On the whole I expected a wonderful hotel experience and I am not want to normally complain BUT this hotel is outdated, lacking in the pool area (small - Beds too close together), but the views are superb.Very Very central for night time and the restaurants are quite good even if the staff in Dukes were very annoying. Also building work taking place next door that meant the pool was very noisy.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	5	3	1	

<Author>jbulth39
<Content>Perfect Location Great staff!!! My fiancee and I stayed here for 5 night on vacation recently and found the whole experience to be excellent. The hotel is in the PERFECT location on Waikiki Beach right in the center of all the shopping, destinations, etc... The hotel staff was VERY helpful right down to the bellboys. It is an older hotel that has been updated so the rooms/bathrooms are definitely smaller than in some of the newer hotels but I doubt you'll be spending much time sitting in the room. The restaurants are great for after a day on the beach or around the island. Just a great trip!!!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>jk8a
<Content>Thought it was nice I thought the hotel was really nice--nothing to shell out a whole lot of dough on, though. The Sheraton Princess Kaiulani (not on beach) is right across the street an had nightly entertainment for the entire family--quiter, too.THe Outrigger on the beach is RIGHT on the beach, which is cool. However, the beach is taken up by the patrons of Dukes, which seemed a bit loud and obnoxios. Too rowdy for my 5 and 7 yr old I thought. The beach was just too much of a bar-like atmospere for little ones. THe pool was a salt water pool. Not bad though--can open eyes in water so not too salty. The service around the pool was decent--closed a bit early, though. The rooms: yes, thin walls, but not soo bad. Beds were a bit tiny for queens. Rooms were always clean and comfortable. The elevators were not a problem, as long as you have your room key. You need it to go up. There was an ABC store right across the street so you can get beer, bread, or whatever you need. There is a Mc Donalds very nearby and a Burger King just a bit further--a Big Mac combo is about $8.00, but Burger King is a bit cheaper.Overall, It was a nice hotel. If you wanna save some dough, though-- the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani is also nice and cheaper. Just no ocean view from the pool area.Alohaj.8a  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>cheatedbyoutrigger
<Content>Crooks Be careful, they put specious charges on your credit card!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>Francineb1
<Content>Don't get a city view I wanted to go away for my birthday week solo and picked Oahu Hawaii because I had been there several times before and felt comfortble being there alone. After much research on tripadvisor and other sites I picked the Outrigger Waikiki. The only negatives I read were about the thinness of the walls and how the hotel got you to upgrade but I wasn't worried. I didn't care about the view since I planned to be out of the room most of the time therefore any room would be fine. Was I wrong. I reserved either a kings size bed or two queen through American Airlines Travel. The first city view room I checked into had the bathroom the size of a small prison cell without a tub. I don't know about most of you but if I stay somewhere for a week I appreciate a tub. I also like to be able to turn around in the bathroom. The bathroom in both city view rooms were smaller than the 2 star Italian hotel bathrooms - and if you've ever experience that you know I mean small. The closet also couldn' hold my one travel size piece of luggage, my clothes and me at the same time. There also wasn't a full length mirror in the place. I've never considered myself a girly girl but I do expect a full length mirror in a four star hotel room. I went down and asked for a room with tub and they sent me to my second city view room. It had a single bed and while I didn't expect a view didn't expect construction trash outside the room either. Lo and behold, the only other choice they had for me was a partial ocean view. Floor length mirrors, large bathroom two beds - only $303 more for my stay! Needless to say I took it. My whole purpose for the vacation was to get away and enjoy my birthday but I was EXTREMELY disappointed in the way the staff was able to make my stay enjoyable without charging me an additional $300!!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>mlotway
<Content>Great Holiday The hotel was in a great location. Right across the street from the International Market Place, and ABC store and Kings Alley. There is a few restaurants in the hotel, drinks are really expensive. It was $6.50 for a mai tai. The staff was great. When we got there, they put us on the 3rd floor, which I didn't like because of the noise from the street. I asked to be moved and the next day they had moved us to the 15th floor. Much better.If you want to lounge on the beach at night, make sure you bring your own chair or towel. They lock up all the chairs at night, so we couldn't even use them. We rented a car while we were there, parking at the hotel is a must because parking is at a premium, so put aside $25 per day for parking. They park your car for you in the underground and they also bring it up to you. Was very nice. I found the shower really small, we were in a room with 2 beds. There isn't a bath tub, so we had to shower the whole 10 days we were there. There is a safe in the room that they don't charge you for so it was nice to be able to lock up extra money and our passports. You do get a paper on your door every morning, so that was nice and it was nothing to walk to they zoo and aquarium. I do suggest getting an entertainment book off of Ebay like I did, it saved us quite a bit of money. If your looking for a awesome place to eat, then go to Moose's, it's at 310 Lewers, what a great place, even for kids. Just a short walk from the hotel. You won't regret it!!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	2	5	-1	

<Author>mrenn
<Content>Loved the Outrigger Waikiki On The Beach       outrigger front  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>One+Two
<Content>Great for a KB (kick-back) Hawaiian Trip! My family and I stayed here for ten days in early August 2008. The Outrigger has a lot of things going for it. First of all, I found all of the staff very friendly, from the check-in to the restaurants, shops, UPS store (forgot my wallet after I'd made copies and they were happy to wait for me to go get it, guess they didn't have a choice, but they were still very nice about it), the deli, and the pool towel guys. Oh, and the valets, very nice guys asking if you need directions, etc. The location is also awesome. If you are thinking about saving money here or off the beach, you can't beat this location. Splurge on the umbrella set-up. There are different choices and you get a discount as guest. There are also canoe rides and outrigger boats running all day. Don't know the prices but everyone seemed to be having a great time. The pool was fun and warm (just the way I like it!). It is quite deep so if you have very young children make sure they have floats. It starts at 3 feet, jumps to 4, then 8. There is also a nice-sized hot tub. I did not order drinks at the pool but there seemed to be plenty of servers so it didn't look like people were waiting long. I also found the food at the restaurants to be very good. The banana/macadamia nut pancakes are great! Also, try the famous hula pie. I did not eat at Chuck's steakhouse, but my mother did and said it was very good. Prices are not cheap, but compared to many Hawaiian resorts, they will not require a second mortgage! I found them rather reasonable. The only complaint I'd have is the drinks were a little weak. Our room was a partial ocean view. It was clean and the closet space was great, one was more like a walk-in and the other was the typical sliding door. It had a sort of tub-shower, which was a small square tub or you could shower. Great for the kids. There was lots of counter space as well. The balcony was angled and small, though. Difficult to move around. As far as noise, you do hear flushing toilets, etc. but I've heard that in even nicer places so don't know how preventable it is. Overall, the hotel is fun and laid-back. I personally prefer more upscale when I travel, but sometimes a place like this can be just right, esp. if you don't want to be nickel and dimed by a 'high-end' resort. Oh, two other things that deserve mention, the hotel allows free long distance to anywhere in the US. I've never seen that before in a hotel. Also, when you order room service, the bill states 'tip already included'. Now how many hotels can say have the integrity to do that? Aloha, and happy travels.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Waikiki6
<Content>Still here and loving it! Arrived 2 days ago and went to see Society of Seven last nite. Loved it!! Great entertainment for all ages. You can choose buffet dinner and show, or show only. Show is about 1.5 hours and all 7 men are very multi-talented: they all sing, dance, play multiple insturments, tell jokes, involve the crowd, just a fun time. Hotel is fantastic as well. Hotel employees all very friendly, and accomodations are clean and well maintained. Any questions I can answer while I'm here?? More to come.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>traveller77Auckland
<Content>What a perfect location What an amazing hotel. The location was perfect, right in the heart of Waikiki, across the road from the International Market Place. Great location for shopping, all the best shops are right at the doorstep. 5 min walk max to the bus stop to Ala Moana Shopping Centre (number 8 bus) or Aloha Stadium (number 42 bus) for the flea markets on a Wednesday.The hotel staff were excellent, could not fault them once. Room (Ocean Front) was exactly as promised and well cleaned by the staff.Pool was salt water and quite warm due to the weather being hot.I had a great holiday at the Outrigger, compliments to the management team. Will definately be back.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lbcorn
<Content>Trpical Paridise! My family, (Wife and 2 teenage children), stayed at the Outrigger the first week of July and had a tremendous time. The hotel was just what we expected, clean, good size room, a great veiw of the beach and located in all of the crazy activity of Waikiki! The beach was great and the pool(even though not large by some standards) was more than adequate. The resturants on the property ( we ate at all three) were very good and reasonable for a hotel in this location. We had ocean views every time we ate there. One bit of advice, if you want to avoid a hectic time at the hotel, avoid staying there on the 4th of July when they host outrigger canoe races which occupy the entire beach area for most of the day. The area around the hotel was perfect to keep 2 teenagers busy and occupied. Lastly, the hotel was awesone in accomodating us with a hospitality room for part of the day since our flight was not until 11pm. It provided us a great place to rest and freshen up. I would definately stay there again!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Loveagoodvacation
<Content>Stay Somewhere Else If You Can! DON'T BOOK THIS HOTEL!!!! It is average, at best. We just came home yesterday and was so disappointed in this property. We wanted to switch hotels after the first night, but would be penalized if we left. I heard it was renovated (cosmetically), but it's still an OLD hotel with paper thin walls and narrow hallways. Consequently we heard flushing toilets all night, someone snoring next door (as well as their conversations), noise from the beach alleyway, guestroom doors slamming all night, late night emergency vehicle sirens, etc . Don't forget to pack earplugs to get a good night sleep. Everything about this hotel is just mediocore (staff, guestrooms, etc.) For your money, you can find a better place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Tikitourists
<Content>Fantastic Holiday Hotel       Looking back at hotel from beach  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Summer05
<Content>Another Wonderful Stay at the Outrigger! After staying at the Outrigger twice in one trip last year, we loved it so much that we did the same this year! Once again, the service, hospitality of the staff, cleanliness of the room, and location in Waikiki amazed us!I've stayed in 5* resorts that don't hold a candle to the Outrigger! We love the convenience of everything in the hotel. Its shops, restaurants, laundry, pool, and beach are easily accessible without having to walk forever to reach your destination.A special thanks to Sandra this year and Lehua last year for accommodating my requests when checking in!After returning home, I found out that Twink from TA was staying there 2 doors down from us while we were there! We look forward to our next stay at the Outrigger!Summer  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FLATraveller
<Content>Service great, location good, hotel just average. The service we received from the staff at the Outrigger makes it hard to put the hotel down as average, but in my opnion it is just average.The high points are location and the staff/service. It is right on the beach, two great restaurants (Hula Grill  Duke's), and right on the main strip of Waikiki. The staff is also extremely nice and pleasant. The waiters at Hula Grill were the nicest of any restaurant we visited in Hawaii.The low points are the rooms and Waikiki itself. I read reveiws about the walls not keeping sound out and dismissed it. I wish I would have listened, because the hotel can attract a rowdy/party crowd and we could hear them through the walls our whole three nights there. Bring earplugs...seriously. I also felt for the price the rooms were not up to par. I think you are paying for location more than quality of the rooms. They were clean, but outdated and dingy. Linens were more motel standard than hotel/resort. Polyester bed quilts for over $250 a room? Even the Hyatt and Surfrider offered a comparable price and feather linens. Might not matter to you, but it did to me and I was disappointed. (Hyatt/Surfrider were booked by the way.) The other low point for me was Waikiki itself, it's defintely a tourist mecca and I wouldn't make a point of going there again. Since my first two hotel choices were not availalbe, I chose the Outrigger. The staff made the hotel, but the rooms made it a disappointment.Some helpful stuff:*$15 roundtrip shuttle from airport to Waikiki saved us on rental car  $25 hotel parking fee. Don't need to reserve, just look for people with yellow vest at the airport.*We rented a car from Budget at the Hyatt across the street.*Longboards cost about $20 first hour and $7 addiitional hour and can be rented on beach infront of hotel. ( I think they use a Hawaii hour which is actually 11/2 hour.)*Don't walk off the mainstrip of Waikiki. You'll see the disappointing aspect of Waikiki...prostitutes.*Get out of Waikiki. Only stay there for a night or two and instead see the north shore or the other beautiful islands. *If your airplane departs late, hotel offers a hospitality room for 30 minutes for you to use after 3pm. We used and after surfing Waikiki, but the hospitality room was not cleaned before our use. Gross.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Star2515
<Content>Great Location The Outrigger is in a great location along Waikiki. Both shopping and the beach are all within a short walk. The room was clean and confortable, with a good view. Both the Hula Grill and Duke's serve wonderful food with even better views. The service is quick in all areas, esp the valet.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>LeighroySydney
<Content>Great Location We stayed at this hotel for 7 nights in April 2008. We loved it. Great location. Rooms were nice a clean. Plenty of storage in the bathroom area. We had a part ocean view room - we overlooked the main street and we could see the beach. Dukes was a great place to eat - You must try the Hula Pie desert - to die for. Staff very friendly and helpful. The children love the activities in the foyer, card making, lei making and hula lessons. The only negitive that i found was that you could hear EVERYTHING that was going on in the next room at night time - if you know what i mean.. Although the pool area looks great, its not really children friendly as it is very deep, my ten yr old couldnt stand up. Overall a wonderful experience. Would definately recomend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	-1	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Baggiechris
<Content>Good Hotle on the Beach Good hotel right on the beach 3 good restaurants.Small salt water pool that was a little disapointing but overall a good place to stay .  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Cruzerlady
<Content>lGreat Vacation Three generations, ranging in ages 8 to 60+, enjoyed the large, clean room with outstanding views.. We had no problem with waiting time for elevators; staff bent over backwards to make our stay pleasurable. All local and mainnland calls are free. Restaurants on the premises were all good and suprisingly reasonably-priced. The saltwater pool is pretty small but never too crowded while we were there. None of us were ready to leave and we're anxious to return soon.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Molly032
<Content>Truly Excellent       Our view from the lanai.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Woodabeen
<Content>Disappointing at best Upon checking into the hotel we were pleased with our choice and the room was decent and clean. Our main problem came at the pool, the restaurant and the cleaning staff.First was at the pool, where you had to get your own drinks and menus unless you wanted to wait an hour- seriously- for a server to come by. The staff also neglected to pickup any empty drinks so by about 3pm the pool deck is littered in discarded fruit and empty cups rolling across the concrete. We once asked for help after spilling a drink and were told by the waitress It's not my job.The cleaning staff did a good job, but would see us leave our room in the morning, we'd be gone for 4 hours... then when we would return, within 30 minutes we'd get a knock on the door for housekeeping. They could never make up the room while we were gone. This happened daily. Facility is ok- service poor.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>Exodus1
<Content>Great location on Waikiki The location was excellent. Waikiki is a busy place, We rented a car and escaped the madness many days. The room was small, but we got a great price as compared to most hotels in the area. The pool area was small too, but we didn't spend time there anyway. The service was excellent at the hotel. I loved Dukes!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>WenTrip
<Content>Outstanding Place to Stay!       Restaurant View overlooking the Pool Area  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>twink4
<Content>Wow!! Can't Wait to Return!       Loved listening to the ocean on our lanai  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MrsLupstateNY
<Content>WONDERFUL vacation! I am so glad I booked this hotel for our stay! After searching for days on the internet for a hotel, I decided this one had the best reviews- and I see why! The room we originally booked was a partial ocean view, which after I booked, I realized I should've booked an ocean front, after all, why not go for it!? Anyways, when we arrived, they offered us an upgrade at a fraction of what it would've been had I booked it in the first place. We went for it and couldn't have been happier! The room was simply gorgeous! Views were spectacular (we stayed on the 3rd floor), you could hear the music at night from the restaurant below, maid service was terriffic, and we really enjoyed the turndown service at night! The beach was a bit crowded at times, but we never had a problem finding a place to set up. Staff was super friendly- very accomodating! This was our first time in Hawaii, and we are planning on going back next year- and staying here again. It is expensive for parking ($25 per day), but we rented a car for the week, and to us it was worth it. There are alot of shuttles, etc. to get you around, but the bad thing is that it takes so long to get anywhere as they make several stops to pick up other passenegers before you actually reach your destination. We went on a dinner cruise that was no more than 3 miles away, and we figured we'd use the complimentary shuttle; it took almost an hour to get there! Overall, it was an awesome hotel, and as I said, we plan on going there again!!!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>arapahojoe
<Content>Beware Of Hidden Charges And Rude Managers Be aware of hidden charges, such as for parking, that are not included in the disclosure statement of the confirmation. Be aware of hotel managers who do not want to even discuss the problem with you, but that are rude and inconsiderate.Be very aware.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sunee
<Content>Walk out the door  My husband and I just returned from a week at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach. It's a beautiful hotel right in the heart of the action on Waikiki Beach. The best part about this hotel is the beautiful beach right outside the back door. The beach is clean, with nice soft sand. It's very crowded, so if you like exclusivity, Waikiki may not be for you, as it is a very busy, bustling place with lots of families and people. You can rent two lounge chairs and an umbrella on the beach for $40 a day, but try to get there by 8:00 a.m. since they can sell out. You can then come and go for the day. The pool area lounges (no umbrellas) are free, and they seem to fill up quickly, too. Or you can go to the store (several are within walking distance) and buy your own chairs and umbrella. You don't really need a car since there is plenty to do within walking distance of the hotel, or they can arrange activities for you. If you do rent a car, it's $25 a night for valet parking. Maybe the best thing about this hotel is that--if you fly Hawaiian Airlines--they'll pick up your luggage right at the hotel and deliver it to the airport for you for $5 per bag or $15 per family on the day of your departure (or the day before if you have an early morning flight). They'll give you a boarding pass, so you can go directly to the gate at the airport. Perhaps the best thing about this hotel is its restaurant, Dukes, which overlooks the pool area and beach. The food is outstanding, and the atmosphere is friendly and comfortable and very relaxing. The Hula Grill and Chucks also overlook the beach and are very nice. There are a lot of best things about this hotel. We've stayed there three or four times already and plan to stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MinnesotaHawaiiphile
<Content>Third Visit       View from Dukes Patio  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kings4m3
<Content>Wonderful! Let me tell you about this place!! Myself and 3 friends stayed here in April. We booked through AAA club of California. Even though we had to go through the fiasco of the end of Aloha Airlines and re-book with a different airline... in the end it was worth it! The rooms we had were ocean front..Perfect. We booked two rooms and they were right next door to each other. We had fresh towels when we wanted, bathroom was clean and wonderful, beds were comfy and everyone was a nice as could be! I must say if you book through Pleasant Hawaiian Holidays the help desk who will book your excursions was great! My best advice is to book those in advance this way it is all paid for and all you have to do is gothere for your voucher. When we arrived we got all this out of the way. The hotel has a great place to have drinks at night and breakfast: Dukes! You can't go wrong here! The staff is nice and the drinks are to die for.We made our own leis (for free mind you) in the lobby. Took a tour of the island went to a Luau..I have to suggest Paradise Cove (buy the most expensive package..you are on vacation and you get a better view, picture for each in your goup a gift and lei..as well as table service)Every night when we cam in to our rooms our beds were made and fresh hawaiian plumeria was left with cookies.. so nice!I hope when you go here you splurge on yourself and just kick back and enjoy..! I would go back here again!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>flameleafmom
<Content>Great Stay!       hotel  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>westbroke
<Content>Loved the Outrigger We have stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki three years in a row and will continue to go back there again and again.This is a perfect spot which offers a fantastic beach front location, very nice staff, Dukes is a legend of a restaurant. What could be better than sitting eating dinner looking at the beautiful ocean, gorgeous cocktails, fantastic dinner service and a lovely salad bar. Breakfasts are just fantastic there and they have lots of entertainment. Very relaxed yet service oriented hotel. You can walk in from the pool in swimwear and not feel unfomfortable. Rooms are very nice and the maid service is excellent. Rooms on floors 14, 15 and 16 on the Moana Surfrider side are the quietest and you can utlilise the express lift. Hula Grill restaurant is also lovely, right from breakfasts to dinner.What a climate in Hawaii, best hotel you could stay in and offers very good value for money. Great for families.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Ann195954
<Content>not what we expected and paid for! I don't think we would stay here again. For starters, the walls were so thin, we could hear the party next door going to the bathroom. Water leaked from the suite above ours right onto our lanai. The hotel only has 3 restaurants and so the waits were unusually long. The suite we had was clean, but we were badgered by the housekeeper whenever we left the room, so we had to put the Do Not Disturb sign up to keep her from entering our suite to do a Turn Down Service, which we had not requested. The pool is a salt water pool, and we were expecting fresh water. The hotel management was not responsive to my husband's disability and made him wait about 20 minutes to use the lift to get his wheelchair to the beach level - quite frustrating. Lastly, the parking attendant tried to argue with me and made several sarcastic remarks. I think we'll stay somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>optical/travel
<Content>Nice place......... Portola Valley,CaliforniaStayed here last week with my girlfriend and we both had a wonderful time. The staff working in the restaurants were the most pleasant well managed I have come across, The bar tenders at Duke`s were always busy but were very friendly. Yes the hotel walls are thin and very noisey hallways especially in the mornings. Rooms are clean and slightly above average .Pool area is very small, unappealing and noisey with kids. Would not recommend for a romantic quiet time but a nice, loud, fun weekend.....  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>WAReviewer
<Content>Good Choice The Outrigger is in a prime location in the center of Waikiki. We were pleased with the hotel overall, but did have a few problems. We arrived at the hotel around 1pm and our room was not ready. We were told we were guaranteed to have a room by 3pm. We returned at 3pm, but had to wait an additional 30 minutes while the check in desk helped other guests. When we finally got our room, we were disappointed. It was a very small corner type room with 1 double bed. The shower was tiny and the view was of the very loud Cheesecake Factory fan. I called the front desk and was quickly moved to a room on the other side of the building. This room had a King bed and huge shower/bath area. This was a city view room, but had a nice view of the beach as well. Much better. All staff was friendly at all times. The maid service was excellent. Our room was always made up when we returned to the room in the afternoon. The elevators were a problem. Something really needs to be done about this as we heard many people complaining. When we tried to take the stairs, they were full of maid and room service carts. I would hate to see that stairwell in a fire. Although it sounds like we had a lot of complaints, the good did outweigh the bad. It is a beautiful hotel in a beautiful location. We would return.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kyle9408
<Content>The Best Of Hawaii! This hotel is the BEST! You can't ask for more. Aso sson as you arrive you feel welcome. The beach is very accessable and wonderfun. 100% Reccommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hockeychick4
<Content>Never Again I would never recommend this hotel to anyone. After a 9hr flight, a 1 hr drive, who wants to wait 40min to check in??? Parking is a huge hassle. Yes, they are busy all the time however we spend half our time waiting to pull into their very small congested ramp. One day we needed to wait 30 min (if not more) while the garbage truck finished loading and unloading.Our room was small but adequate. Maid service was terrible. Most days our room wasn't cleaned until after 4pm while 4 of us were attempting to shower for dinner. There are three elevators and only two were functioning. Apparently the hotel was 75% filled therefore waiting for the elevator took FOREVER. The food at Dukes was just OK and the drinks were weak. We weren't able to utilized the beach due to an all day Regatta. No beach chairs but you can rent one with an umbrella for $50 a day. The Sheriton is next door and has nice beach lounge chairs for the guests at no charge...  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>jjan47
<Content>Loved the Outrigger Would definitely stay here again. Room was comfortable  clean. Great location. Plenty of restaurants in the area and the, International Market right across the street All the personnel were friendly. Pool was nice except it doesn't get morning sun so have to plan on the beach in the morning. It was great being right on the beach and not having to walk but a few steps to get to it. Had a city view and was able to sit on the balcony and view the street and the ocean. Used Valet parking and never had to wait. Hula Grill has great happy hour prices for drinks and cheaper food than at dinner time. Just not a large menu to choose from. Enjoyed the music at Dukes at well. Loved it overall  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kiwi_nz
<Content>Fantastic hotel and location My husband and I stayed two nights and loved it. The location is right on the beach and close to everything. We walked everywhere. The staff were friendly, always smiling and saying hello throughout the hotel. Even though we booked a city view room, we had an excellent side view of the beach which was a surprise - we suspect they had run out of city view rooms! There was a great sandwich bar by the pool area where we got a fresh healthy sandwich to eat whilst sunbathing. There is a laundry area for guests to use which is an added bonus whilst travelling. We also stayed a couple of nights at the Hilton across the road but much preferred the Outrigger as it had a more relaxed atmosphere.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JLW05
<Content>Nice but Noisy! I would have given this property an excellent rating but there was one little problem that I will address later. We arrived at the hotel and it has a very impressive lobby. When you check in you don't stand but are given a seat and face a hotel clerk across a desk who is also seated. I was offered an upgrade of 50% off the cost to upgrade to an ocean front room but I politely declined as it was more than I wanted to pay. Turns out that I was upgraded anyway - no cost - to a partial ocean view. I was quite pleased about that. The room itself was very nice. A king sized bed, armoire, large nightstands with drawers, desk and chair, etc. We also had a small couch.The bathroom was large and clean with a hidden fridge. A sliding door separated the toilet and bathtub from the sink area. Behind the sink area was an open closet and the safe. Funny thing was our friends had the room next door and they also had a small sliding -door closet. The terrace was very small. Location was excellent- right across from the International Market and we loved Duke's. It is located right in the hotel and it was so nice to sit by the beach, watch the waves and listen to the live band while eating. Duke's has a very nice salad bar that is included with dinner. The one drawback to this hotel is the thin walls. I thought that other reviewers must have been exaggerating when they mentioned this drawback but they were not. I could hear EVERYTHING going on in the rooms next door to me. I even knew when someone was using the restroom. It was definitely irritating. Good thing there was not a honeymoon couple next door!!!!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rose061
<Content>Loved the location - right on Waikiki beach This is what you get with a Delux Ocean View room at this hotel: One that overlooks the roof of the Cheese Cake factory which has very noisy fans and maybe a sliver of the ocean. No where is it mentioned as Partial ocean view or partial city view. They are more than happy to upgrade you for $532.00/ 7days to a OceanFront room, which is what we wanted and did. So learn from our experience the only way you will get an unobstructed view of the ocean is to ask for Oceanfront and that's it. This room came complimentary internet safe and iron,slippers, alot of pillows which we liked. The walls are paper thin, and every morning we would hear banging doors and walls. Very noisey. If I come back to Oahu it will not be to this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>Amy_HPM
<Content>Night AND Day This hotel is actually above average to excellent IF you get the right room. We purchased an ocean view (different than the pricier ocean front) room. The room we were assigned was dark, depressing, and disappointing to say the least. I knew I woudn't be able to enjoy my vacation there. You could only see the ocean if you stepped to the sliding glass doors. Even so, you get an eyeful of an ugly grey building. (The Outrigger should reclassify this room - I believe it was 1130.) I called and asked for another room, and they seemed fine to accommodate. We moved to the other side of the building (facing East), and the difference was night and day. It was a spectacular room. You could spend your whole vacation inside the room with the loud sound of the ocean and enjoy and relax! As soon as you walk in, you have a grand view of plenty of ocean. If we were taken to this room first, I would have rated this hotel a 5. But I'm giving it a lower rating to warn others, and direct them on the way to go. Otherwise, the staff is very good at the hotel. Quite friendly, welcoming (you back to their restaurants), and not pushy on how much or little you order or how long you stay enjoying the ocean view. Two would even greet us by our last name. We were impressed with their memories. With 4 onsite eateries, it's pretty convenient. We enjoyed the more mellow Chuck's steak house. My husband loved the location - it's in the middle of all the action in Waikiki and is right on the beach.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>justgandt
<Content>Paper Thin Walls This is a beautiful hotel and I will start with the good things.We loved Chucks Steak House, Duke's and The Hula Grill.The staff was friendly and helpful. If that was all there was to review it would get high praise but the walls were paper thin.I have stayed in hotels all over the country and I have never stayed in such a noisy hotel as this was.The hallway to room noise is to be expected but to be able to hear the people in the next room chatting, and their televisions playing was just terrible.They really need to do something to resolve this issue because next time we will try a different hotel.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>sewa
<Content>Ok but some issues Overal the resort was ok. With 2 restaraunts the cuisine was not overally applealing.The resort catatered to the young set, as the Lower bar/restaraunt was more for the night life drinking socializing. The greeting for new arrivals was average, nothing really welcoming you like you would find in the carribean. There was a lot of issues with the young teenagers. Loud, foul language and very disrespectful. attitude was very evident from these young adults. Some were even evicted during our stay for drinking under age.  For the middle age and older travelers, this resort is more suited for the party types.  Off the resort we would reccommend the Galaxy for very good breakfast reasonably priced also. For other dining and good food we would recommend the Giovannies and Denny;s on the Beach walk area which was a couple of minutes form the resort...  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	2	3	4	

<Author>smcalifornia1
<Content>Fantastic Stay!       View from #1125 lanai  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SonoraDeb
<Content>We love the Outrigger We just got back from six days at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach. We absolutely loved everything about it. The staff was helpful and friendly. The room was clean and smelled fresh. The view from the lanai of our partial ocean view room was very entertaining. We could see swimmers, surfers, and watch a large catamarran coming in and going back out with tourists. We ate in the Hula Grill every morning--great views of beach and Diamond Head. Food was good and fairly priced. We also ate one night at Duke's--great food but pricey. Try the Plantation Bar at happy hour for great prices on drinks and food. We hope to go back to Waikiki someday, and we will definetely stay at the Outrigger again. It really is centrally located in Waikiki--we walked everywhere. (Bring good shoes!) All in all it was a wonderful experience.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>krg39
<Content>Great Stay! My niece and I just got back from a week long stay at the Outrigger Waikiki. What a great hotel! We were greeted with a very friendly staff from the moment we stepped out of the cab. The check in was easy and we were upgraded. We enjoyed the Hula Grill and Duke's. I was very impressed with them since my niece suffers from a severe allergy to shellfish. The staff made a point to go over the menu with us and recommend what she would be able to eat. They really made the extra effort for her safety. Yes, you can hear the people in the rooms next to you but thankfully ours weren't too loud. Other than at night we were rarely in the room anyway so it didn't matter. I would choose this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Northdowns
<Content>Great Stay       Balcony View  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Skip_Jack_Memphis
<Content>Best Place to Stay in Waikiki!!!!! FABULOUS! Have stayed there 3 times in the past and always consistent. Friendly, personable staff, nice, updated, clean rooms, amazing views. The restaurants are excellent and reasonably priced. Great breakfast buffet at Duke's and Aloha Hour at Hula Grill has low-priced drinks and pupu's from 4-6. Bartenders and wait staff friendly and the atmosphere is nice.I would highly recommend this to your first or one of many trips to the island.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>worldtripper
<Content>Loved the Outrigger, great place on the beach       Surfin' my style  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>poptart78
<Content>Perfect Honeymoon We spent 5 nights at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach after a few days in Vegas for your honeymoon, and I have to say it was absolutely fantastic. The location of the hotel is spot on, right in the centre of Waikiki's shops on one side, the ocean on the other. The service in the hotel was excellent, we were upgraded to a partial ocean view free of charge and given a bottle of sparkling wine on arrival which I thought was a nice touch. The Hula Grill and Duke's were both fantastic, great service and lovely views. Especially enjoyed the authentic Hawaiian serenade at our table on our last night! This was our first time in Hawaii, and despite the long travelling time and consequent jet lag, I would definitely visit again, and stay again at Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>loricphoenix
<Content>Wonderful experience! If you love being right in the middle of the action, this is definitely the place for you. We were given a complimentary upgrade from city view to partial ocean view (best of both worlds, imo, as you could watch the action on the strip AND on the beach) without even asking. Perfect stretch of beach  SO convenient to everything in Waikiki. The valets were super friendly  helpful even at 7am. The staff everywhere were great, in fact. We LOVED Duke's--such a fun restaurant/bar, great service and the breakfast buffet is yummy as well as being half the price of every other buffet on the beach nearby. Hula Grill (above Duke's) had a great happy hour complete with ocean views.Also, we DID NOT have any problems with slow elevators or thin walls. I only heard a toilet flush 2 or 3 times in 5 days and had very peaceful, uninterrupted sleep. We did hear street noise  delivery trucks when we left the lanai door open (12th floor), but if we closed the door it was very quiet. Another neat feature was that the A/C automatically turned off if you opened the lanai door and on when you closed it. The only bad thing I can think of was that they closed the jacuzzi at 3pm Fri-Sun because of live music. That was a drag since we love to soak after a long day and half our trip we couldn't. Also, if you're looking for reasonable parking here, it's valet only and $25 per day. We parked here for the convenience, but there is a lot across the street down an alley (Duke's Way I think) for only around $15 per day.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>DenverRockymtgirl
<Content>loved this hotel! I booked this hotel for part of our honeymoon mostly from reviews on this website. They were spot on. This hotel is right in the middle of it all. Fantastic location. We had an ocenfront room which looked down on all of the beach action. Loved Dukes. Good food and great service. Actually had great customer service all over the hotel. Couldnt have been better. Yes, its crowded but its waikiki! Night life is right outside the door. Dont really need a car at all.We will be back for an anniversary.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FLguy22
<Content>fun place for honeymoon we went to honolulu as a side trip from our main honeymoon in kauai. overall, i would say that i prefer kauai 10 to 1 over honolulu, but that is not the point of this post, after all. first off, the outrigger is in GREAT location. it really cant be beat. the property has a number of GREAT restaurants, esp Dukes. we were there on a sunday and some locally famous musician was playing outside at Dukes--it was a real party and packed with locals. that being said, this hotel may be best for the younger crowd who likes loud music and partying. the view from our room was spectacular. we book oceanfront and starred off miles into the pacific every morning. no sunset views from anywhere in the building though--the sheraton is in the way. The pool area was fun and poolside service is good. food not too expensive and drinks are standard. a tip for those like me who want to save money on alcohol--go across teh street and buy your stuff from ABC and bring along a soft sided cooler from home and tote it with you to the pool. no one will stop you. The only problem with this places as I see it is the cost. we paid 350 for our room, and yes had a great view, but it just felt lacking for that price. The inside seems a little bit old and out of date. The service was nice, but I did NOT like the check in process. The guy sat us down and offered us a drink, and everything is going fine. Then the guy starts talking real loud about how much the room will cost and all of that. My wife almost lost it when she found out how much it was. Whether you prices are high or low, please use some discretion! I know how much it costs--I booked the darn thing!definitely see pearl harbor. we rented a car for 2 days from budget at the airport and only paid 50 bucks TOTAL. (just avoid buying any of their insurance). We paid as much in parking (25/day) as we did for the car.overall if i go back to waikiki (unlikely), I would stay here again. Maybe I would just go for the cheapest room I could get and not worry about it b/c apart from the view, they're all the same (and not really that nice). spend most of your time at their pool, beach, and restaurants which are all genuinely fun.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>Corvette87
<Content>Great hotel just OK vacation. This hotel is great. Loved the view (partial beach from balcony). The service was top drawer. The location seemed to be heart of Waikkiki. We were able to walk to aquarium and tourist trap huge international market just across street. Many places to dine and we loved Dukes downstairs. We were greeted by our tour Blue Hawaii and conned into free first morn breakfast. They did a great picture of us but breakfast lousy and they are over priced on tours they sell. We did book city bus tour and was OK, but book through people handing out fliers and cheaper. We went to Pearl Harbor to see Arizona in afternoon Tuesday and waited in no lines It is 1:20 by bus or $24.00 by shuttle Don't Miss It. I am from Florida and was shocked at the constant winds and lack of warmth air/water in May. I had to skip snorkle as water too cold for me!! Such a disappointment. I do understand man from Nashville. Can't even have a frozen drink on beach. If you smoke skip this place. My husband drove me insane as Hawaii is no smoking anywhere. You must be like 50 feet (outside) from any public building!! If you like japan inspired foods it is cool as quick stores carry all kinds of interesting items. Glad I went but it is very expensive. Jack in box cheap relief on next steet past international market which has food court we found last day.High end retail galore but not in my league. (Gucci etc..)  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jaredu135
<Content>Perfect Honeymoon       Lanikai Beach  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	4	5	

<Author>biggunzz
<Content>Ok...at the best Ok No.1 complaint,Im 47,work all year for my vacation,and Im told do not enter the beach area with a drink,even in plastic. In Mexico they run me beers asap in the Hot Sun. I dont wanna get drunk,but if I want a cold LEGAL product,then IM a criminal in Hawaii. Thats not the Hotels fault,just more over regulated American Laws. Next we paid extra for an Ocean View and a Kingsized bed. WE were on the side with a partial view,and they pushed our two queens together,not a kingsize as asked for. The Island is beautiful,but unless you want to shop at Gucci all day,not alot of fun things to do. All in all,Ill never go back,its cold at night,cloudy most of the day,and really not that warm. Give me back the Caribbean where there are less laws,warmer waters,and you can be an adult. Paradise for the Orientals maybe,as they outnumber Americans 10-1,but for a man that goes to Cancun,Grand Caymen, Virgin Islands,the west coast crowd can have Hawaii. Its OK but nothing special.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>SHCoChief53
<Content>Awesome view!       My birthday sunset from the 9th floor  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2BNHawaii
<Content>Annual Girls Trip I have been staying at the Outrigger Waikiki for 5 years now. My girlfriends and I come here every year for Jack Johnson鈥檚 Kokua Fest in the Kapiolani Park and my Husband and I come every year for the Pro Bowl. This Hotel is extremely convenient to all of what Waikiki has to offer from the amazing shopping to the concerts at the Waikiki Shell鈥?br/>All is within walking distance. Duke鈥檚 restaurant is located on the lower level of the hotel. Henry Kapono plays almost every Sunday night which is very popular with the tourist and locals---Make reservations if you plan on dinner. In addition to Henry, Duke鈥檚 has live music almost every night making it a fun 鈥渙ne more and that鈥檚 it鈥?place before bed. The Hula Grill is located on the 2nd floor of the hotel which is great for breakfast. The food is wonderful but the service seems to be on 鈥淗awaiian Time.鈥?The pool and beach area is crowded. I recommend reserving chairs as soon as you wake up in the morning to secure a spot for the day. Hotel is clean--granite counters in baths, Hawaiian decor, etc....Two catamarans are located on the beach outside the hotel--approx $20 for 1 hour cruise along Diamond Head coast....this is a must do.The only downside to this hotel is that the walls are paper thin! You can hear everything! You better have enough drinks at Duke鈥檚 before bed to make you sleep sound or else you will be up all night. In the AM, the elevators can be crowded and take a while for you to access. Other that these two downsides, the hotel is great.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Tired_of_FilthyRooms
<Content>Getting Old       View from balcony- Rm 1021 called Deluxe Oceanview  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>wahine_kine
<Content>They really pulled through! Due to miscommunication with the website company we booked with, when we arrived to the hotel, we found out we were homeless! The staff pulled together to see if there was a room available and there was. They even checked to see if we could check-in early and the room was ready. Kudos to all the staff! Their ALOHA spirit reqally shined. Everyone was soooo helpful when they told us where the locals hung out and what to do in the area. My friends stayed at this hotel for their honeymoon and I always told myself that I'd like to stay there too. That was a great choice! Duke's is awesome to eat at and the view is sooo cool, especially if you can sit beachside. The Hula Grill is an awesome place to eat at also and the view of Diamond Head is awesome, from this place. (Duke's and Hula Grill are in the hotel). I loved how we had easy access to the beach. This place is very centralized to all the happenings on the strip. Everything is within walking distance. Will come back again-----in 6 months! =)  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wackey
<Content>Just Perfect I stayed here for 4 nights recently with my husband and our 1yo daughter. The service was excellent right from the beginning of our stay. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful and nithing was a bother to them. We received a free upgrade to a partial ocean view room which was beautiful/ The room was spacious and very quiet. We also received complementary toys for our daughter which was another nice bonus. The location is perfect as its right on the beach. The beach and hotel pool were very crowded but we found room. We ate at Dukes at the hotel which served huge meals at very reasonable prices amd we also ate at the steak restaurant which was also nice. Both restaurants overlook the beach. I have nothing bad to say about this hotel. I would definately stay there again if we returned to Honolulu.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>falkirk
<Content>outrigger stayed at outrigger april5th -15th, asked for upgrade on arrival {from city view} told not hotel policy to offer such, unless we paid, fair enough but prices for upgrade , adjoining rooms where astronomical, felt staff inflexible. scsv overlooked cheesecake factory pretty noisy but could put up with that, what we couldnt put up with was the noises from adjoining rooms and thru the paper thin walls. we complained and where moved rooms which helped but was not perfect. family of four paid for the sos show which was very good wish I could say the same for the buffet which was sub standard and did not reflect the quality of the show.on to pool very poor ,small and cramped. sunbeds very limited and from what I could see booked from early morning with no one using too late afternoon, seemingly hotel has a 30 min no show limit but I would suggest pool attendants are tipped to ignore this policy, beats me however why people would pay for the privilege to lie on plastic beds with no sunshades. hotel situation is wonderful right on the beach, in centre of town, opposite international market surrounded by major shopping, if thats what you want. Dukes bar busy all the time, food good, service good and brilliant views of diamond head. all in all enjoyed our stay hotel rating is four star I dont think so it could be but they need to raise their game but then again why should they they are on waikiki beach, enough said maybe.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>lotte0
<Content>Fantastic       View from our room  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>K2GO
<Content>Great Location Just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel to wrap up our 11 day vacation. This was our 5th stay at this hotel and albeit a short stay, it was well worth it.This is a very busy and noisy hotel, but what you pay for is location, location, location. This is one of 6-7 hotels located on Waikiki Beach and it is by far, the best spot. We have also stayed at the Hilton Hawaiian Village( Very nice resort) and that location does not come close to what you experience staying at the Outrigger.This hotel is also home to Dukes restaurant and bar. They offer decent prices for their breakfast and lunch buffet's and the food is quite good. You can not beat their salad bar!The rooms are nice and comfortable. We have stayed in every catagory of room from ocean front to city view. If you have the means to stay ocean front , then it is certainly beautiful but only if you have the money. Every room will offer you a view of the ocean and for the most part, upgrading does not really give you a better vantage point of the ocean ( unless you are ocean front). By paying more and upgrading, this will certainly move you closer towards the water but does not give you that much more to look at.About the noise...You will hear your neighbours talking, you will hear toilets flushing before you are awake, you will hear inconsiderate people talking, laughing and yelling late at night. This you can't control but is ever present. Keep in mind that this happens in most hotels/resorts.Overall if you are coming to Waikiki, be prepared for lots of people and lots of noise. I would not stay anywhere else because of the location on the beach and the atmosphere at this hotel. If you require a quiet and more laid-back type of holiday, then perhaps you should go to one of the other Islands in Hawaii.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cooperdoo
<Content>Outrigger has the best location!!!! We stayed at the Outrigger for our honeymoon and were extremely pleased with our choice! You couldn't ask for a better location in Waikiki....it is literally in the heart of everything!!! Upon checking in, we recieved a complimentary bottle of champagne, and were impressed to learn that the hotel provided unlimited long-distance calls! The room was spacious and clean, and the view was exactly what we anticipated upon reading other reviews from this website....to the left, we had a great view of the beach, and to the right, downtown. Another perk to the hotel was that the famous 'Duke's' restaurant was part of the hotel.....awesome spot to grab a bite and people-watch. I would definitely recommend this hotel, and hope to return again soon!!!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ColaconesfromNV
<Content>Love Love Loved IT! I Have to say this was the Best Experience of our Lives, what a first class Hotel! The service was exceptional and the overall feel and location was by far THE BEST!!!!! I have never been treated so well ever, and we have stayed in all the Five Star Hotels. The view from our Lanai was a City View and Ocean, the welcome we got was better than ever! I cant say enough. I will be going back again and again, I have now found the Hotel in Waikiki... Lots to do for the kids, beach is the awesome! I cannot say enough! Hope you have as much fun as we did. See You next Year! If you have kids and love the Ocean and being on the beach then, this is it.. I checked out all the other Hotels and this is by far the greatest.. The rooms are a bit tight but who cares, really how much time do you spend in the room? My kids were elated with Joy... We miss it so much! Thanks to Peter and Ray at the Pool Hut that treated us like gold!Aloha!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SydneySimon
<Content>Awesome - BUT First off I must say that I picked the Outrigger on the beach after reading mostly good reviews regarding the hotel. Their seemed to be a theme with the complaints being, the lifts, the exhaust fans from the cheese cake factory or the walls being to thin. Despite these we still felt that it sounded the best, not to mention it was the 4th most popular at the time.Now, my wife and I were on our honeymoon and we travelled 10 hours from Australia. We were really looking forward to a good rest and a sleep in for a day or two, after the stresses of wedding prep. Our flight arrived early morning so we were at the hotel by about 10am. Rather than go on and on about the staff and Hawaiian people in general let me just say that they are all the friendliest and most professional people going around. The customer service anywhere you go is more than you can ask for.Ok, check in at the hotel is 3pm, but the staff found us a room (ocean view which we paid for) no problems. It was room 721. This is where I put in my only complaint about our experience. The hotels walls must be made of tissue paper. 6am the next morning we could hear every word spoken from the room next door like they were standing on our bed and talking. Then the cleaners start at about 7.30am in the hall ways and they can be heard quite clearly as well. THIS WAS OUR ONLY COMPLAINT. We quietly complained and were moved to room 1522, which had no common walls, without any fuss at all. You could still hear the cleaners in the morning, but it was much better.Another good thing about being on the 15th floor was that you could use the express lift which only goes to floors 14 to the penthouse, so I suggest you ask to be put on 14 or above if you can. The location is awesome, walking distance to really good shopping (and Ala Moana if your keen). It's on the best part of the beach also. There are washing machines and dryers for hotel guests to use and right near there is a small sandwich shop that makes pretty nice sandwiches for when you are all steaked out.Recommend: dolphin experience at sealife park, pay the 7 bucks for the guided tour of the Missouri, don't bother getting up early for the Arizona as the line will already be very long. We went around midday but no later, hire a car and explore, the Plantation Spa in the Penthouse and dinner at the Westin next door. Get the filet mignon with the chocolate and whiskey sauce, it's unbelievable. Well hope this helps in any way.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cwiertny2
<Content>Can't beat the location...or the price!!!       Looking towards the city from room 916  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travellightMinnesota
<Content>Fine Hotel and Great Location We loved our stay here with our two college aged children who had friends staying in the area.Rooms themselves were in fine condition and ample sized with flawless service and efficiency.We got a partial ocean view room which was on the first floor. Only negative was that it overlooked the roof of the kitchen and exhaust fans from the restaurant blew cooking smells into our room from time to time.......rooms 129/130. Am sure the hotel would have accomdated us if we requested a change, but by the time we got settled it was not worth it.The hotel is on the prime section of Waikiki beach, if you move much in either direction to other hotels which advertise as Waikiki beachfront, there are breakwaters and you quite soon lose the dramatic views of Diamond Head which adds to the magic of this place.There are three hotels located in this prime location.......the classic pink Royal Hawaiian, Westin Mona Surfrider, and the Outrigger Waikiki. We got slightly better rates at the Outrigger and could not have asked for better rooms. The advantage of the other two are that they are great classic hotels with hyper-impressive lobbies and common areas......not sure of their room sizes or conditions. I would say if you were going for a short stay you might want to have the experience (at slightly higher rates and maybe less superior rooms) of staying in one of the other two classics. If you are staying longer (we stayed 7 nights) I would go with the Outrigger Waikiki.The beach at this location is crowded, but it is the best. We bought beach chairs and some small umbrellas at Wal-Mart and used them here and at other beaches when we toured Oahu.Great experience all around and would certainly recommend.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hugh1936
<Content>Good choice       infamous Cheesecake Factory ventilation fan  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>what_beach_next
<Content>Good beachfront central location.....but so so hotel room We stayed here for 10 nights as part of our trip away to get married. As you can imagine, I wanted the hotel to be special -especially since we were getting married during our time in Waikiki. I had hoped, since the hotel were aware we were in Hawaii to get married, we might get a nice token gesture - ie a room upgrade or a bottle of champagne on arrival- but instead we got a box of chocolates or tea or something, it was that insignificant I can't even remember what it was. I don't want to sound ungrateful or presume something nice to be given to us, but it would have been a nice gesture from the hotel. Overall, if you are staying in Waikiki for just one to three nights, I would recommend this hotel as it is good value for money compared to the other beachfront hotels. But any longer than that, I would recommend somewhere else - and that is solely based on the uncomfortable bed and the noisy room location we were given (even after requesting a quiet room!). The hotel itself was great, but it was the terrible uncomfortable bed that ruined it for us, and the request for a quiet room was ignored. If I visit Waikiki again, I would either try the Moana Surfrider which is just along the beach a bit, or the Royal Hawaiian which was next door. I haven't stayed in either of those, but I would hope their beds are much more comfortable, and when requesting a quiet room that you might actually get one. I would be tempted to try one of those hotels the next time I go as the area was great, and they are beachfront. I thought the Hilton Hawiian Village was a little too far out of the hub of it all. For value of money, the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach was the best option for us at the time, as 10 nights in another hotel in the same area and beachfront, was so much more expensive. But our hotel room allocation, and the terrible bed will make me think twice about rebooking this hotel in future. Anyway, in more detail....... Hotel Room Request: Upon checkin I asked for a quiet room, on a higher floor. The lady said, yes you are booked in a quiet room. Well, I was very disappointed to be given a room right beside the elevator, and each night we were wakened with people coming in and out of the lifts at all hours. We are heavy sleepers and don't normally waken up easily, but this did disturb us frequently. The room was also on the side of The Cheescake Factory, so I can sympathise with the other people who also left reviews saying it was noisy with the balcony doors open - due to this we never spent anytime on the balcony and never kept the doors open. To be honest, I didn't want to get stressed over it or create an issue so I never asked for room move. Looking back, I should have done straight away! Hotel Room Size  Space: The room itself was quite a good size, and had plenty of wardrobe space to hang things up and also a big set of drawers. The bathroom was tiny, it never actually had a bath, just a shower cubicle. The decor was a bit tired and dated. The AC unit was noisy, and it did waken me up several times a night, clunking on and off. Hotel Room Cleanliness: It was kept clean, although I did feel on occassions that the shower hadn't been cleaned for a couple of days. But then, the lighting was so poor in the shower area I couldn't really tell (and I am sure neither could the cleaner). Hotel Room Bed: This was the worst part of the room......it was awful! So uncomfy it was unbelievable! It was tiny, I couldn't believe how small it was. Even by UK sizes of beds which are so much smaller than the American beds, this was more like a big single bed than a double! It was very small, and very soft so I never slept well at all. I think if we were there for a shorter time, ie 2 or 3 nights it wouldn't have been so bad, but 10 nights in such an uncomfy bed was terrible. Hotel Location: Great, couldn't be better! Right on the beach. Good area, within walking distance for shops, restaurants, night life and exploring. We rented a car several days to drive and explore the island, stopping off at all the lovely beaches on the way. Not far at all by car to North Shore, Pearl Harbour or the Windward Coast. We walked up to Diamond Head and took a taxi back down, the walk from the hotel all the way to the top of Diamond Head probably took around 1.5/2 hours but was well worth it, we took it easy on the way up taking in all the views, and started off early to avoid the mid-day sun. Hotel Staff: The concierge very helpful with restaurant bookings. The travel desk was also helpful with booking a rental car. Hotel Amenities: Pool area, kept clean and a nice size. A live band a couple of times we were there in Dukes. Towels are available at the Pool area each day. We used the internet access and it was fine. Restaurants/bars in hotel: Good we ate  drank at them all and they were fine, Dukes of course was better value.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	2	3	3	

<Author>lotsofslots
<Content>We Had a Great Time We stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach Feb. 27 to March 3 2008. From the moment we arrived we were made to feel very welcome. We arrived at 12:30pm and they had a room ready for us. The individual seated check-in is great. They welcomed us by name and treated us like 5star guests. We had chosen an Ocean View room and it was Wonderful. We had a fab view of the beach and the ocean. We were on the 9th floor and couldn't have been more pleased. We asked for turn down service and each night we had fresh linens and the room was cleaned when they did the turn down with cookies, flowers and candy by the bed. After reading the other reviews we were concerned about the noise from other rooms but except for an occasional door closing in the hall way we never heard any adjoining room noise. The cleaning staff was great. When you saw them in the hall they always spoke and were very accomadating. We could not have been happier with everything about this hotel. Yes there are some things that need updating but it would not stop us from staying here again. We also recomend the Society of Seven show and dinner in the hotel. This show is Fabulous!!!! Very little heard about but worth every penny (and it isnt much) to go to. It is non stop action for 90 min and the variety of ages in the audience all seemed to enjoy it. Take time and attend this show!! We ate at the hotel for most meals and found the food to be good and the service excellent. This is a good hotel and very convient to all of Waikiki  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bill65
<Content>Disapointed We booked our room directly with the hotel and as it was a once in a life time trip we wanted an ocean front room. The price was $469 per night inc tax. The hotel front was the first surprise as it is a shopping mall. All open plan providing access for everone to dukes bar and chucks steakhouse. We where told at check in that we only had 2 double beds as oposed to a queen size. No problem I thought. The room itself was big enough and the view was oustanding from the 5th floor, but the double beds are not doubles. This was the first let down. They are the kind of 3 quarter bed that you see in show homes with small bedrooms! When asked for a solution as the beds where too small I was told they could push them together! Not the response you'd expect from a 4* hotel. The bath room was very small and very dated. The hotel is noisy with paper thin walls, I was woken every moring by someone, somewhere flushing the toilet or closing the door. Dukes bar was busy continuously you've got to be quick to get a seat never mind a table as it's open to everyone. It is though, right on the beach with great views and a very lively atmosphere. And if you aint got a seat you can only get served at 'the serving point' (one corner of the bar) and only 1 drink per person! (incase you're buying for an under 21) We visited the Moana Surfrider almost next door and I would recomend it well above the Outrigger. Overall location 10 out of 10, the hotel? for a 4 star definatly below average.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>TubaChristmas
<Content>Very Nice We stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki for four days over the Pro Bowl weekend, so the whole area was extremely busy.A bellhop was at our shuttle even before we got out, to take our bags. Check in was quick once we found the unmarkedreservation desks. We stayed in a first floor city view [view of the Moana tower but a slice of the ocean could be seen from the lanai] which is actually on the third floor. The room was good sized, king bed, table with two chairs, couch, and something we've rarely found lately, plenty of drawer storage. The bathroom was average, curiously the tub was about three feet long. All the advertised amenities were in place and in good working order. There was no charge for local or mainland phone calls. The only negative to the room was that the vent from the AC blew directly down on the bed.There were only three elevators and one was out of service part of the time so occasionally there was a few minute wait.Usually we took the stairs down to the street level, however they can't be used for walking up because of locked doors.The only real hassle was checking out at 0800 with our luggage. It took about ten minutes before an elevator stopped with enough room for one of us to squeeze on. After another ten minutes I rode one to the top floor and then back down. They erroneously added parking to our bill, but it was corrected within minutes.All the staff we encountered were very friendly, housekeeping was excellent, and we love the strict no smoking policy.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Oheloai
<Content>Great location! We attended The Police concert and needed an overnight stay, so we inquired at the front desk. There were lots of rooms available and we had a partial ocean view on a top floor. Gorgeous views of both the city and ocean, with a small balcony was perfect for us. The huge king sized bed was clean and comfortable. Loved the complimentary coffee, use of ironing boards, flashlights and clean restrooms. The only downfall was the slow elevators as one was being repaired. The highlight of the stay was dinner at Duke's restaurant and the strolling wahine musicians. Such heavenly music! The entire meal was sheer perfection. Fresh mahimahi, huge salad bar and great cocktails. A hint: swim at the beach early in the morning and grab coffee from the Seattle Coffee Co., along with a bran muffin. Cocktails  pupu's from their beachfront bar are a must for both visitor and kamaaina alike! We will return for a girlfriend's only weekend outing! Mahalo to the fabulous staff, especially to Jody Ulii at the reservations counter. A Hui Hou.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>harrydebbieg
<Content>SMILE AWILE you all know what the joker looks like in the movie batman! my face has not returned to normal yet and its five months later! they call this a four star hotel?not in my book,theres not enough stars to rate this place,my wife and i already have plans to go back in 2008.from the guys that not only park your car,put the top up and down for you take care of your luggage to the staff in the hula grill.the best drinks,food,service.this is what i would like heaven to be like,watch out guys mr and mrs harry gunsenhouser is comming back i hope in 2008 and this is a message to the hula grill get the chili sauce ready.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mbtravellerMelbourne
<Content>Nice Hotel, but very noisy rooms We had reservations for 5 nights at this hotel, and had to move after only 2 nights. The walls are paper-thin, and you can hear the people in the next room talking. If the TV is on then the noise is worse.The hotel facilities are good, and we enjoyed the restaurant and bar facilities. Hulu's restaurant was awesome and the food was excellent. It's highly recommended. Location is great, right in the middle of Waikiki.After the noise problem we checked-out and moved next door to the Westin Moana Surfrider. What an amazing hotel. There is no comparison to the Outrigger.I would not stay at the Outrigger again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BartBristol
<Content>Fab Honeymoon Location Stayed here for 9 nights following a short break to Las Vegas for our honeymoon. Had a fabulous time. Room was at the end of the corridor and a bit small but we weren't spending much time in there thankfully as the beach was right outside the hotel so spent a lot of time there. Were greeted with champagne which was nice and all hotel staff very friendly and helpful. Hotel clean and comfortable and in a great location again for beach and shops. All amenities very easily reached. Booked all excursions through hotel which was made very easy for us. Dukes restaurant is an absolute MUST! Had breakfast here every day overlooking the beach which was a memory to be treasured.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Briansa
<Content>This is it people!!!       South lanai last day room 1223  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>katie77iris
<Content>Loved Outrigger Waikiki! My husband and I absolutely loved this hotel! While the room was not huge, it was very clean, well decorated, and very comfortable. It had a small lanai, with a table and 2 chairs which we used quite often. The refrigerator, free daily paper, and coffee maker were very helpful in making our stay pleasant.The location of this hotel is great. Everything was within walking distance including the International Bazaar right across the street. The beach was crowded in the afternoons, but we usually went out in the morning, and did other sight seeing and shopping in the afternoon. The staff was friendly and Duke's and the Hula Grill were great. Loved the old photographs in Dukes! We would stay here again without hesitation!!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>iminak
<Content>A Good Experience I just returned earlier this week from a 10 day stay at the Outrigger on the Beach. Traveled with my 7 and 9 year old daughters and wife. We were in a city view room but had a fair view of the ocean...could even watch surfers and sailing going on from our room. Our experience was a very good one. The hotel staff was very professional and prompt. The hotel was very clean, and we enjoyed the tropical motif. The room was plenty large, two double beds, a couch, desk, etc. Restaurants were very good. Housekeeping was excellent. Loved Dukes. The little Sandwhich corner which they rent out has great sandwhiches and the kids loved the peanut butter and banana sandwhich. Another interesting surprise was the general shop in the hotel was actually cheaper price then the ABC stores down the street, we thought that was unusual for being in a hotel. Pool and Beach staff were professional and helpful. I took a surfing lesson from one of the vendors in front of the hotel and it was well taught and enjoyed.Our only comments on an improvement would (1) the room's beds (1009) were in real need of being changed out. They were pretty springy and soft. (2) It would be great if there were some tables outside on the deck during the day to use for work, kids doing homework, etc. Dukes is too busy to use for that purpose and our only alternative was to return to our room to do so.A comment for Outrigger Management if they review. I'd highly encourage you to join with other hoteliers in the area to push the city to reduce the Kalakalua Street entertainers who I bet don't even have permits to operate. We could hear the street musicians until fairly late at night (the drummer was particularly annoying).In general, we had a great experience. One of the best hotels we've stayed at in our travels and by far the best hotel we've stayed at in Hawaii (8 trips).  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>hawaiiloverPa
<Content>Loved It. Want To Go Back NOW! Hotel is very nice. Bellhops waiting outside for baggage when we arrived around 1130 at night after a long flight from the mainland! Check in was a breeze with the individual chairs. Had a room with a King size bed and sofa bed. Plenty of space in the rooms. Bathrooms are amazing. Marble countertops, new fixtures etc. Large closet with safe. We had an onceanview room, which was fantastic. Enjoyed watching the catamarans and surfers in the morning and evening from the lanai. Beach was crowded, but well it's Waikiki enjoy yourself! Try and take your own beach chairs if you can fit them. They cost about $10 a day to rent. Gets expensive. Very convenient location. International Marketplace and mall are right next door. Also convenient to tour bus pick ups (Koa Street). All in all, can't wait. If i ever get the chance to return, would probably stay somewhere else, just to stay somewhere else. would definitely reccoment this hotel. very nice!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VacationWhen?
<Content>Great location and service!       View from Partial Oceanview Balcony  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aubry
<Content>First floor fabulous We had booked an Oceanview though the travel agent and were offered an upgrade to Oceanfront balcony for $90 additional. Glad we accepted the upgrade. Our room was #127 and all the balconies on this floor are larger because they are over the patio restaurant roof and practically on the beach. Thankfully, there was very little noise from the restaurant. The band played on the patio from 4:00 - 6:00 both nights which were Saturday and Sunday. Don't know if the band plays during the week though. The rooms are non-smoking with comfortable beds and fridge. Large shower but no bathtub. Separate sink and make up room with plenty of hangars and a safe. Unlimited long distance calls to the Mainland and Canada was a great feature. Spirits available in the giftshop downstairs.Hotel Steakhouse a little on the pricey side and very busy but the food was good. Accross the street is the International Market. A bit further down is Coco Cove store where you can take out breakfast of scrambled eggs and bacon. You can pick your own toppings with a fresh spinach salad and lots of selection for cakes and a little coffee bar. The prices for the souveniers are not out-of-line and in some cases better than the ABC stores.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>childfree_traveller
<Content>Divine Luxury       The front of the hotel where the valet awaits your arrival.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>omiek
<Content>a 3 star hotel at best just returned from our annual holiday trip in hawaii, having stayed at the outrigger waikiki on the beach years ago in an ocean-front room, I didn't think twice about staying there again in an ocean-view room on tne 7th floor. But . what I got for over 550.00 dollars a night was an average room with a tiny bathroom and a view of the ocean that I had to stick my head out of the lanai as far as I could I could see the ocean, and yes the walls are paper thin you actually hear every thing from the next room, but the money and the view was not my biggest problem because if you want a decent room in hawaii that is the average price a night, it was having to be in a room right above air vents so loud I could not leave the sliding doors open and if you have ever been to hawaii before you know that this is just not acceptable it just to humid. But what really suprised us was the lack of customer service detail througout the hotel (except for the valet parking attendents, always prompt and helpful). it felt like the managent had gone on vacation and left the kids in charge. Everyone in the hotel were just to laid back even for hawaiian standards.30-60 minute waits for everything including check-in, breakfast, dinner, I guess we just excepted a little more from a 4 star hotel.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	2	1	3	

<Author>sandysloop
<Content>Great Hotel with Very Friendly Staff       This is me on the beach in front of Outrigger  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>joan6891
<Content>loved it Just returned form our first trip to Honolulu, and stayed at the outrigger waikiki on the beach.. It was wonderful. The staff was all very polite and helpful, from the housecleaning and bell boys, to the staff at Duke's. There were 20 of us who went and we all got the rooms we had requested, with 2 doubles and a pull out couch. We requested a microwave and received it within 2 hours of checking in, and there was no extra charge for it. They had backpacks and sunglasses for the kids. They also gave us a late check out for 8 p.m. for a minimal charge, and even moved one of us to another room for that day because the other room was booked. We had a city view room but we had a great view of the ocean. Watched the fireworks over the ocean from our room on New Years eve, which was perfect because our kids were in bed sleeping. The hotel was great with the kids. The lobby bathrooms were always clean, so you didn't have to go up to the room from the beach with the kids to go to the bathroom. The pool was deep for little kids, but the sand and beach area in front of the hotel, I think is the best spot on Waikiki. There were two boats right in front of the hotel you could go on for $25 for 1.5 hrs, that includes drinks. The hotel is also right in front of the International Marketplace,could go shopping any time we wanted.The prices in Duke's restaurant and bar, were very reasonable also. A great seafood dinner, with salad bar and fresh ceasar salad for $20. All in all, it was great, and I will definitly go back.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>beachyluv
<Content>Best Location! The location of this hotel just can't be beat! It's literally right in the middle of everything, and the beach access is fantastic. The room itself was pretty standard, but nothing really to complain too much about. The free breakfast buffet every morning was delicious, although it was the same food every single day...This was our first trip to Hawaii, and we were both glad we chose this place over all the others.All in all, I would definitely recommend this hotel. (Personally, I would rather save some money and stay at a hotel not on the beach.)  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>lokysmom79
<Content>Loooooved it       The view from our hotel room/partial ocean view  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Spydrblt
<Content>Loved the Outrigger Waikiki We found the staff to be extremely friendly and helpful. Loved the location and had a wonderful time at Duke's. Plan to stay there on our next visit.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rush4
<Content>Great location  We just completed a 1 week stay at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach and had a great time. All the staff were helpful and friendly. We enjoyed the coolers of ice water with lemon  lime that was available during the day in the lobby - nice touch. The staff  services were top notch. We arrived during the end of a winter wind / rain storm, which was an unusual event. Restaurants: Dukes  the Hula Grill had to put up tarps to keep the wind  rain out of the restaurant, which was interesting, but not terrible. Not much you can do about the weather, you know? The tarps came down as soon as the weather cleared up.We had free breakfast at Dukes or Hula Grill included in our room price. Dukes had a good buffet - lots of choices and everything kept freshly stocked. At the Hula Grill we had our choice of items from the menu. The breakfast was good here too, but the service was lacking the one day we tried it for breakfast, so we just stuck with Dukes. We had dinner at Dukes once and Hula Grill twice - we actually preferred the Hula Grill over Dukes for the atmosphere and view (and the service was wonderful at dinner). All the pigeons running around and flying around Dukes were a bit unnerving. Especially when they flew  landed on the table (yuck!). We put up with the birds during breakfast , but twice in one day was too much. I guess they were part of the atmosphere (?). The food was excellent in both restaurants.Our room was on an upper floor with a partial ocean view . We enjoyed sitting on the patio  taking in the sights. The rooms on that side of the hotel (at least on our floor) are rectangular shaped and a bit smaller than the angled rooms across the hall, but our room was adequate for the 2 of us. It had so much closet space and dresser drawers! We did talk to a man who had a room across the hall, right behind the elevators. He said there was no noise from the elevators at all, but he could hear the fans from the Cheesecake Factory next door. This surprised us, as we were at such a high floor. I do wish there was more light in the dressing area of the bathroom. The lighting is all over the vanity area, and it is dark looking into the closet, and also hard to see if you style your hair  turn your back to the vanity to use a hand mirror to see the back of your head! Housekeeping kept the room tidy  clean, which was nice. We did hear faint noise occasionally (not even daily) from our neighbors and even from the street performers across from the hotel at night, but I think I only noticed because of reviews I had read that said the hotel was very noisy. Although the rooms aren't completely soundproof, we didn't think it was too bad at all. We didn't rent a car, so we didn't have to experience the parking fees. We did enjoy the central location of the hotel - so easy to get anywhere we wanted to go! We had a late evening flight home, so we were able to have a late checkout (only 1 extra hour, but better than nothing) and we were able to use a courtesy room to clean up a bit before our trip home. That was a huge plus in our book! We would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hulahulagirl
<Content>Great location, relaxed but professional atmosphere       the beach (sorry always seem to have baby in photos!)  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>sidney14
<Content>Great location We recently spent 3 nights at the Outrigger Waikiki. When I first walked into the room I was actually pretty disappointed. The room was pretty small and the bathroom could barely fit one person. The decor was boring and a bit outdated. But, we had chosen this hotel for theirlocation, price, and access to Duke's. If you are looking for a place to simply sleep in (with earplugs) I would recommend the Outrigger. The staff was pleasant and we had a great time at the Hula Grill and Duke's.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>zrmmom
<Content>Awesome Hotel! We loved our stay at the Outrigger, Waikiki. After spending a week in Maui and experiencing lots of bad service from hotels and restaurants, we were so pleased to check into the Outrigger Waikiki. The staff here was WONDERFUL. From the front desk to the valet, EVERY employee we came into contact with was pleasant and helpful. I finally felt like a hotel was happy to have us as a customer!!!! The hotel is beautiful and has a terrific location for restaurants, shopping, etc.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tex07
<Content>Great location This was my third stay at the Outrigger. I travel to Hawaii on business once or twice a year. The Outrigger has a lot going for it. It's right on the waikiki beach. It's got a great bar in Dukes. It's got a great resturant in the Hula Grill. Chucks steakhouse isn't very good, so skip it. It's right next door to the Cheescake factory if you're into that type of thing. Right across the street is a large open air international market place for buying all your Hawaii junk. When my wife was with me last February, I ponied up for a beachfront view. You have to be careful booking here. They oceanfront view, ocean view, partial ocean view and city view. I had the ocean view on my Feb trip, but it really was a lame view. So I upgraded to the best they had and it was nice. My wife is picky, God love her, and it met with her approval. This week I just got the el cheapo city view and it was in the far back corner of floor 10. No real complaints, but the bathroom was about the smallest I've ever seen in any hotel anywhere. (and I stay 75-100 nights on the road each year). But if you are looking for a $200/night hotel in Waikiki, this is about as good as it gets with the location. Negatives would be the upsell they always try on you when you check in. The pool is tiny, but hey you're on the beach. God's pool is steps away. Chucks Steakhouse had the worst of steaks. Pass on it. Waikiki is wall to wall tourists so be prepared. Some people dig it. I can only handle it for a night or two. Then I move on to the more quiet islands. Here's a tip if you're here in the winter and you dig watching pro's surf. Head to the north shore and find the Banzai Pipeline. Use a GPS. Good food in the little Q-hut across the street. Don't let Waikiki kill your love for Hawaii. Be sure to branch out to Maui or Kauai and see the real paradise. My favorite is the Wailea area of Maui. Whale watching during winter months is incredible. Right from the beach or check out the Pacific Whale Foundation and their eco-tours. Just incredible. Also, for what it's worth, before you come to Hawaii, be sure to read a good guide book, one that has some history of the islands. It really helps to understand the local hawaiian people. It helps you get insde their heads a bit and to be able to accept their aloha spirit. Hawaiians are amazing people. Get pas the tourist stuff and get to know them if you can. It's all an issue of respect and by reading up on the history of the islands, you will gain way more than you give. Mahalo!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>BonnieSurrey
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at the Outrigger for 5 nights and it was excellent. Our room was spacious with 2 double beds and on the 5th floor with partial ocean view.The Hula grill served delicious food served by very attentive staff and if you reserve a table you can normally get a frontline table on the balcony overlooking the beach and the sea. Excellent setting for dinner. We also had breakfast and dinner in Dukes which was also excellent and has a great atmosphere.Not to be missed are the weekend sunset parties in the barefoot bar of Dukes. The music is excellent from Rock to Bob Marley with a mixed crowd of all ages having a great time.I read quite a few reports on this website before we left and was concerned about the complaints about the niose and the availability of the lifts in the hotel. Well I don't know which hotel these people were stopping in but it was a completely different one to us. We experienced no noise from other rooms at all and no problems at all with the lifts.I thoroughly recomend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bj9mac
<Content>Outrigger was Perfection on the Beach!       View from down the beach. Get your spot early.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>mikepertmer
<Content>Nothing Beats the Outrigger My wife and I had a wonderful six night stay at the Outrigger in the end of October. With a fifth floor oceanfront room, we truly enjoyed one of the few hotels located directly on Waikiki beach. The hotel staff is exceptionally friendly and helpful and the room service excellent. Every night there was a turn-down service and a special small treat left on the pillows.Our package included a free breakfast for two every morning. You simply can't beat the ocean front dining offered by Duke's buffet in the morning. In fact, Duke's is great for lunch and dinner. There is an excellent and extensive salad bar included with the dinner.The beach in front of the Outrigger is one of the best, if not the best in Waikiki. While not exceptionally wide, like down at the Hilton, the sandy bottom in the ocean more than makes up for the somewhat narrower beach.The Outrigger's location couldn't be better. The hotel is in the heart of Waikiki making dining, shopping and entertainment very convenient. We highly recommend this hotel and are already planning our next trip back.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KazWellington
<Content>Great experience What a great place to stay! We had booked a cruise on Pride of Aloha, (big mistake!) and had another hotel in the deal. We decided to upgrade to the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach and are so glad we did. Before and after the disappointing cruise we at least had great accomodation for a few days before heading back to New Zealand. We couldn't fault the wonderful staff, the rooms were roomy and airy, with great views over the city and down to the beach, and I'm with the others, what is all the fuss about slow lifts and noise?? We experienced none of that and we stayed in two seperate rooms on either side of the hotel and different floors! We would definitely reccomend this hotel for it's hospitallity and great location!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BB2_Syd
<Content>Brilliant location We stayed at the Outrigger for 7 nights. The best thing is the location - right on the beach, and Macy's right across the street! Pefect combination for us girls - sun, surf and shopping!!! There's a large walk in robe for storing all your shopping. We actually used it as a drying room for our clothes. We'd wash them in the hotel's washing machines and then hang them in the walk-in robe area, and they'd literally dry overnight.The room size is larger than most, and the couch / sofa in the room is a bonus. We stayed in a City View room, but we had the best view of the beach from our balcony. I'd highly recommend this hotel for anyone who is seeking a little luxury on their stay.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>mauiwedpalmdale
<Content>All This And More       At the pool -last day  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>pandora407
<Content>Aloha We stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach from Oct 25th to Nov 3rd 2007. There were initally problems with our reservation, we were to get a room with a King size bed, but they could not provide us with that so they gave us a free upgrade to an Oceanview room. The hotel is very clean, and very secure. A security feature that I really liked was you have to use your room key to go up in the elevator. Anyone can go down in the elevator to the common floors but to go to the guest areas you had to use your room key. I would suggest that they extend their checkout time to match your flight times. We had to check out at Noon, and we were not getting picked up to return to the airport until 7:45 PM. While they did store our luggage for it would have been nice to keep the room until about 5 pm, especially since we did not check in until 5 pm the day we arrived due to a mid afternoon flight arrival. We did inquire about keeping the room until 5 PM and they wanted to charge us an additional $180 for 4 hours, which is outrageous. All in all I would recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to Oahu, it is a great hotel, with great service  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Harvsman
<Content>The spirit of Aloha is well alive here! After noticing the Outrigger reef was under renovations and needing a stopover hotel for 2 nights after a 5 week trip through Canada and the US i chose the Outrigger Waikiki. As soon as i arrived by shuttle the bellman took my bags and i was greeted personally by a man who presented me with a lei, checked his clipboard to tell me they had my reservation on record and then directed me to the Check In Desk.As someone said you sit down to check in which is a nice touch and a little different as that's the first hotel i've been too that does that.The check in agent offered me a room upgrade from a city view to a full ocean view as part of a Deal they had. I decided to go for it and ended up with Full Ocean View on the 15th floor for an extra $300 US for the 2 nights i was there! I'm so glad i did that my room was wonderful!Room was very spacious, Immaculate and even had a walk in wardrobe! Toliet/Shower were spotless and they had a nice generous serving of tolietries. Whilst i could hear the odd person out in the hallway the thin walls never really caused any problem for me.I also liked the fact they had an express elevator for guests on Level 14 - 16, Saved so much time than having to go floor by floor!The gym was 24 hours and the pool was great, The only problem i had was the pool closed at 8pm! That was so early, but i loved being able to swim in the pool whilst watching the waves come in on the beach.I used the coin operated washer and dryers they had set up one night out near the pool, They were great to have nearby but i did wonder why they'd put them out in the open, I mean what if it rains?A great hotel and i'd be happy to stay there again!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LABPennsylvania
<Content>Loved this hotel! My husband and I chose the Outrigger Waikiki for our trip to Hawaii celebrating our 12th anniversary from Oct. 29 - Nov. 4, 2007. It couldn't have been better! We were greeted by friendly people as soon as we stepped out of the van from the airport. The gentleman greeted us BY NAME as we walked into the lobby and escorted us to the check-in desk. Our room was VERYspacious with a king bed, sofa, large vanity area w/ separate shower and bathroom. We had a small lanai with a partial ocean view as we hadplanned. The restaurants there are great! We ate at Duke's Canoe Club for breakfast, lunch and dinner on several occasions, and also dined at the Hula Grill which was a fantastic experience as well. Everyone we came in contact with from the hotel were very friendly and accommodating. I had read all the complaints prior to our trip regarding the thin walls and noise. We heard very little, if any, noise and found it to be peaceful at night with no trouble going to sleep due to noise disturbance at all.It's location was also fabulous - right in the middle of everything! We actually had a car reserved for two days and ended up cancelling it as we saw no need for one. We had done a Circle Island Tour and had seen the entire island! You are within walking distance of everything - great shops, super restaurants, and that great beach is just right outside the door! All in all, we decided we would DEFINITELY stay there again if we ever have the pleasure of returning to Hawaii. (fingers crossed - we will!).  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>luke90
<Content>Great hotel for all travelers I arrived in honolulu after an 8 hour flight from sydney so i was a bit out of it. Me, my parents and my girlfriend wanted to go on a holiday to hawaii. we chose the outrigger because it looked good on the internet and seemed like that there would be plenty to do around. We got our transfer to the hotel and as soon as we walked in we were greeted, escorted to the table to check in. we had originally booked a city view room. Without even asking we were upgraded to a full ocean view room which was spectacular. The hotel was amazing, the beach was unbelievable. there were 3 restaurants located in the hotel and a coffee shop as well as boutiques, souvineers and clothing stores in the lower lobby. The people were friendly and made us feel welcome. Honolulu is a really busy place and very on the go so if you haven't been there before don't expect it to be too relaxing. THe outrigger was a fantastic stay. The rooms were rather small but we had expected. The bathroom had a seperate toilet which was good considering we had four people in the room which meant the bathroom wasn't always locked. there was also a big storage area for luggage which we needed with all the suitcases. for us as a family it was great and i would imagine a honeymoon would be even better keeping in mind that this didn't seem to be a resort more so a hotel.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Mark_Stevie
<Content>It is what it Is There are some posts from the same period we stayed at this On The Beach property. (Nov 1-3)We have stayed at some of the finest beach fronts in the world and can compare and comment with some experiance. Arrival at any beach front at Waikiki will be hectic and somewhat of a circus. Our experiance upon arrival at the Outrigger was seemless. Out of the cab, bags placed immediatly on a cart by a smiling bellman and ride up the escalator (past Seattles Best Coffee kiosk) to be met by a smiling hostess greeting us by name. (It all started w/ the bellman at the curb who asked us to carefully pronounce our complex last name. Avoid the bellman and try to save a small tip and cart your own bags in, and it's going to be a long start to a short trip)We had booked an OCEAN VIEW room. As I sat checking in I saw and heard three other guest groups arguing that they had booked an OCEAN FRONT while the desk person showed them on their own confirmation paper work OVEAN VIEW. Read the property descriptions and the advised traveler will know the difference.Arrived in our room with an OCEAN VIEW on the 7th floor, it was all we had expected and all that we had paid for. Could have had more, but that's not what we ordered.It's an easy tumble from the King Bed to the elevator, onto the Beach through the Dukes Barefoot Bar to either the Pool or Sandside Patio. All the towels you want, drinks and snacks at the order and our time could not have been nicer.Walls thin???? yep. (in our case it was noise through the adjoing room secure door) That is our one small complaint. But listen carefully to what you hear, and it could make you laff, we did.It is what it is.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sun_Worshiper08
<Content>Not worth the money My husband and booked the Outrigger because we wanted to stay at a hotel that was centrally located and right on the beach. We had also read many great reviews of the hotel on this website so we figured we couldn't go wrong. Upon arriving to the hotel we were greeted by a very friendly lady named Jan. Unfortunately, she ended up being the best part of the hotel. Jan informed us that we would be staying on the first floor in a room with a queen bed. Upon booking the hotel in May, we had requested a king bed on a higher floor. I do realize that requests are sometimes not possible, but I figured that they should at least be able to try and accomodate one of them. We said that the queen bed was no problem, but did they have something on a higher floor? She looked in the computer and eventually found us a room on the top floor with a queen bed. We headed up to the room and were extremely disappointed. The room was the most awkward shape. The bed was in a corner up against a wall and did not face the TV which was on the opposite side of the room. The bathroom was tiny and I could barely fit in it. The decor of the room seemed outdated and everything felt old. The balcony was very tiny and seemed somewhat unsafe. We went back down to the reception and asked Jan if there were any other rooms available. She then put us in another queen room on the 12th floor which she assured us we would be more happy with. This room was not much better. The bathroom was bigger, but the tub was half the size of a normal tub and the floor was dirty. I also lifted up the toilet lid to go to the bathroom and found urine all over the seat! We ended up staying just one night at this hotel and we checked out the very next day. They did not penalize us for leaving early and just charged us for one night. Before we left I checked out the pool. It was very small and not private at all. Anyone walking on the beach could have gained access to the pool as there were steps leading up to it from the beach. Don't waste your money on this hotel. There are far nicer hotels just minutes away from the beach that are still reasonably priced. We checked into the Hilton Prince Kuhio wihich was a hundred times better than the Outrigger. It is newly renovated and each room has a huge bathroom and a 42 inch plasma TV!!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	4	4	2	

<Author>Arizona-Senior
<Content>Avoid this hotel rip off I am writing this from our hotel room just before check out as free hi-speed internet is one of the best services of this supposedly deluxe hotel - along with its unbeatable location on Waikiki Beach. We have been here 4 nights and the free internet and convenience of walking downstairs onto the beach are not adequate compensation for the terrible check-in experience we suffered - where the hotel held us hostage to higher rates than those quoted by phone  email with a snooty manager who when we protested suggested we might look for less expensive rooms elsewhere - as we checked in after having reserved back in May 2007 - Plus the paper-thin walls between our partial ocean view room (if you go out on the 4-foot balcony on the first floor - any hotel's worst floor as we know from many international travels) and the juvenile party goers next door... Every time the toilet flushes anywhere near us the noise is like a small freight train next to the beds,,. At least the kids quieted down when I phoned their room at 11 pm and politely asked them to be a bit more quiet. Anyway, you get the picture. We reserved with local Hawaiian friends for a dozen people in May and on arrival we got the worst service I've experienced; the worst floor in the hotel; a very noisy hotel that seems to cater more to the younger crowd (ie 20 somethings) - which would be fine if the rooms were adequately insulated: 4 of our rooms complained to me about this... for a deluxe price.The breakfast buffet is good at Duke's Canoe club but at $15 per person a bit steep; don't bother with the lunch buffet and for dinner go to the Hula Girl upstairs - pricey but so is all of Waikiki on the beach and it's excellent food  service there. In short, why pay nearly $300 for a noisy, semi-view room on a low floor over the noisy air conditioners when you can have a much nicer experience nearby and simply walk through the ground-level Public Beach Access lobby to the beach (I suspect they had to do that to get the building permit!) and/or go to Duke's Club etc. for a meal etc. ?? I certainly will not return here.PS I do wish trip advisor would list all the right on the beach hotels here in Waikiki together so one could easily compare them - it would have helped me with our decision last May... just a suggestion.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	1	2	4	

<Author>chrisi2007
<Content>Great hotel, beware of what you get for an 'ocean view' room       me on the balcony  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>trippintheworld
<Content>Great hotel - location, location, location We normally stay at the Outrigger Reef, but it was underconstruction so we decided to stay at the Outrigger on theBeach. This turned out to be a good choice for us. Thebeach area is the best. Not too much coral and a sand barthat goes out really far. The International Market is right across the street and the strip with shops is right out in frontof the hotel. Duke's restaurant is right above the pool and isvery open so you can see the beach and the pool. The pool was a bit small, but the ocean is right there so use that instead.We got a AAA rate of 255.00 for a partial ocean view. The viewwas pretty good, but the balcony was very dangerous. It wassmall and it appeared to be secured to the cement floor by a few bolts here and there. Regardless, we would stay here againbecause of the awesome location.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Bannister
<Content>Honeymoon in Waikiki As part of our Honeymoon we spend 7 nights at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach, and it was fabulous. Although we had hoped for a free upgrade which we didn't get we could still see the Ocean from our room which was at the back at the side of the hotel. Our room was lovely and we were given champagne on arrival. The pool of not a little on the small side was clean, although we spend nearly everyday on the beach (having to pay just over $40 for two sunloungers). The beach was busy, but we expected that. My favourite activity of the whole trip was our 1 hour surfing lesson, I was terrfified, but it was fantastic.Watching the sun set at Duke's is a must the atmostphere (especially at the weekends) is a great. The food at Duke's was OK, but nothing special. The Italian restaurant at the Marriot was fantastic (although we did have to wait a while for a table). Pearl Harbour was interesting, although I would say just wonder to there yourself, don't go on an organised trip as a full day would be too much (Our hotel did an hourly shuttle for $8 each rtn). The Polynesian advertures tours trip to the cultural centre on the North of the Island was very good and our tour guide Garfield was hillarious (he also like to be referred to as the Big Bald Guy In The Blue Shirt) and really made the trip something special.Overall, although staying in Waikiki is like staying in a big city with loads on designer shops it is still fabulous!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Donny1113
<Content>You cant do better than this. My husband and i stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach from Sept 5 - 9 2007. It was right in the middle of EVERYTHING, and right across the street from the Int'l Market Place. We were on the 10th floor and had an ocean front delux, it was a corner unit and we had a breathtaking view of Diamond Head. Next time i would probably go with the ocean front instead of the delux, i only used the jacuzzi tub once but it was great! But i would still get just the ocean front cuz the tub took away from space in the room, but other than that the room was clean, we had no problems with noise, it was great cuz on some nights we could hear the shows going on next door at the Royal Hawaiian but only if we opend the lanai doors. The service was wonderful, for exampl on one night we didnt know where to have dinner and hubby was feeling mexican, we just walked down to the concierge and she suggested a great out of the way mexican restaurant i think it was called CHa Cha Cha's we sat outside and it wasnt even crowded, the portions were huge too! We also used the service to rent a car, they even came to get us. The beach in front of the hotel was pretty crowded but we managed to find a spot, the area to the left is where you can arrange for a whole bunch of water sports, which we never go to do, but from what i could see, we had the best hotel on the beach, i really loved it, i thougth it was convenient and it served its purpose, also right in front is the famous Nahoku II which is a catemaran another thing we never got to do, hopefully next time! But i would definately suggest this hotel, it was clean and convenient to ALL, great views, great service, had Dukes Canoe Club right downstairs which is supposed to be a happenin bar but, there was nothing happenin when we were there, it was very slow. Hope u enjoyed the review, please contact me with any questions!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pamelita448
<Content>Great Place! We spent a week at this hotel. We got the ocean view room with breakfast.The rooms are a good size, and the view even though it wasn't front view, was great. We could see even sea turtles in the ocean from our 12th floor balcony.This hotel is right in the beach, all others are either across the street or further. It is located right in the waikiki busy area, so you won't need a car. Everything is basically within walking distance. There are plenty of restaurants, bars, shopping and even the international market across the street where you can buy hawaiian handcraft.For breakfast, you can choose 2 of the restaurants at the hotel, which are also right in the beach. I recommend Duke's. They have a breakfast buffet, very nice, and you can seat near the pool area, and have a great view of the beach.The hotel staff is very nice, and always willing to help out.The rooms are very clean.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>jenhip
<Content>Great Hotel After going back and forth with our travel agent, we decided upon Outrigger Waikiki. We weren't too concerned with the hotel - just wanted it to be clean, as we would only be in Oahu for two nights. Well let me just say that we wished we could have stayed there longer...the hotel was great! We got the supersaver room which should not have a view, but we had a partial view of the beach from our balcony. The rooms were big enough and clean, the staff oh so friendly - from check in to valet. Duke's restaurant is also located at this hotel, so it was great to have that so close. And the location of this hotel cannot be beat. Walking distance to everything, and a great beach to hang out at. When we return to Waikiki, we are heading straight to this hotel. I know there are sooo many hotels to choose from in this city, but I know for sure that we will enjoy our time in this one in the future.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>woojinah
<Content>Great hotel After booking this hotel and reading some of the review's on this site, I was a bit worried about the noise as well as the other problems mentioned. However, the problems of noise were greatly exaggerated (at least for us) and the stay ended up being excellent. Very clean, and even our city view had a partial ocean view from the balcony. Noise was never an issue for us. We stayed on the 10th floor cheesecake side, but again the noise was never an issue. The elevators are a bit on the slow side. Fantastic lobby and as everyone has already said, location cannot be beat. Everything is footsteps from the hotel. Dukes breakfast is great, lunch is ok. Check out the hanohano room at the sheraton (5 min walk). Great view, amazing ambiance, good food). Parking is $25 a night Valet, not including tip, so it can get pricey. I suggest renting a car either for a few days, or just on the days you need them (oahu offers so much more than waikiki!). We rented our's from enterprise which was a 5-10 min walk (off of seaside)  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>MoChoLA
<Content>Great Location... but overall just OK       Hula Grill omelet breakfast  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>aussiemumdad2kids
<Content>Loved the Outrigger We had a week stay at the Outrigger  loved it. The location is excellent, right on Waikiki Beach with great views to Diamond Head  across the road from the International Marketplace (lovely shopping!!).Our room was a city view but the view from our balcony to Waikiki Beach was quite nice - not prime beach but a much better view than I imagined. Duke's bar is a nice place to sit back with a drink  a meal and just take in the views  the atmosphere. All the hotel staff were friendly  helpful. I can agree with some other postings about hearing noises from adjoining rooms - we could hear toilets flushing  certain other noises....Overall our stay at the Outrigger was great, we would recommend it to anyone as the location can't be beat.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>saverguy
<Content>Times Square Meets the Tropics This was a first trip to Hawaii and we started with Oahu. The Outrigger Waikiki was in the center of all the action, making it very convenient if you can overlook the noise and the congestion.It wasn't cheap, but it was a good buy for the money. The rooms were beautifully appointed and spacious. We took the lower end city view room and were pleasantly surprised to see that there was still a partial ocean view, which was never promised. Each room had a nice balcony which is always great in a beach resort. Street cleaning crews come in to clean the previous night's mess at around 5 am. If you are a light sleeper this could be disturbing.The hotel itself has many conveniences, including a fabulous sandwich stand in the lower lobby which makes fresh, great sandwiches and fresh fruit shakes. Also has a Seattles Best Coffee which opens early for those of us who like a good cup of coffee first thing in the morning.We wouldn't go back to Oahu, but for anyone planning a trip there who is not looking for a boutique type atmosphere, this is a good choice.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>bgm01
<Content>Great Place I think this is a great hotel. I disagree with a lot of the other reviews about noise and the lifts. We never had a problem with noise. We could not hear anything from the rooms next door and we were there for 5 nights. The lifts - we never waited more than a minute for the lifts to arrive and they were never full when they did arrive. We had a very spacious room on the 8th floor that did not look dated or old. It had a very comfortable king size bed (we made a special request for this) a two seater lounge, a work desk and a huge bathroom. There was one issue with the bathroom and that being when in the shower it was rather dark because there is no light near the shower and the shower curtin is very thick there for not letting any light in. Not a major problem at all. The hotel is in the best spot right on the beach, you walk out the back door and your on the sand. We walked up and down the beach each evening and some of the more expensive hotels have nowhere in front of the hotel whereyou can lay on the beach, some don't even have a beach, it's all rocks. I noticed a few people on here complain about the pool. Why would you use the pool when you have such a beautiful beach right in front of you? It's a safe beach too, small waves and no dangerous currents. We loved sitting on the balcony each evening with a beer or a glass of wine watching the turtles swimming and the surfers surfing. The view and sunsets are to dye for. We upgraded from a partial ocean view room to an ocean view room, they offered this to us on check in and we were glad we got a better room, we had to pay for it though. We ate at dukes one night and I am sorry to say that it was awful. I found most of the food in Waikiki to be tasteless and awful. I am sorry if I have offended anyone but I now realise how lucky we are in Australia to have great tasting fresh food. We also made use of the little sandwich shop under the hotel. It's cheap and they make your sandwich fresh on the spot. There was no mini bar in our room but I think that was a good thing becausewe all know how inflated mini bar prices are in hotels. There is an ABC store right across from the hotel so you can get everything you need form there. In summary this is a top hotel, it's in a great spot, it has great views,the rooms are very comfortable and the staff are friendly.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bella1000
<Content>Location, Location, Location We stayed for eight nights having booked a city view room. We were shown the upgrade schedule at check in, which we declined. We were put in a partial ocean view room with a small view of the ocean but a great view of the massive and noisy air conditioning unit the floor below our room.Nevertheless, we loved this hotel. The room adequately accomodated our family of four. The kids loved all the free hawaiian cultural activities such as lei making, scrapbooking and ukelele lessons. Fresh Hawaiian flowers made the lobby area very attractive.The proximity to the beach is fantastic and what a beach it is. Every afternoon we would play in the surf along with the green sea turtles.The water was warm and inviting and we loved itWe had a lunch at Dukes and enjoyed the hula pie for dessert and a sunset dinner at Chucks steak house which we all loved.We would definately stay here again but would probably book a proper ocean view room  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	4	5	

<Author>adatrip
<Content>Fantastic View       view from balcony  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>sirrealone
<Content>Great place to finish off our honeymoon We went to Maui and then Oahu for our honeymoon. The travel agent recommended the Outrigger because it was right in the middle of everything and had a great beach location. He didn't lie. We were really impressed with the hotel. When we pulled up, we were told that the valet service was mandatory and would cost $25 per day. Our agent had told us that mandatory parking charges were now becoming the norm, and this didn't take us much by surprise, though I thought $25 per day was a bit extravagent. However, one nice feature is that we didn't even have to take our bags out of the car. They offered to do it for us. At check in, I was impressed that you sit down to do your paperwork and reservation information. I've been in a number of hotels, and this was a nice touch. They offered to upgrade us from a city view room to an ocean view room for around $100 per night. We said we'd like to see the city room first. When we got there, we were pleased to see that we could still see the ocean from our room. I had thought city view meant that we'd be along the street side, but they really don't have any rooms facing the street...instead we were on the side facing another hotel, but you could still see the ocean. I was impressed when the bags showed up almost immediately after we walked into the room. Very quick with those! The room was nice. We had a king bed which was comfortable, though the pillows are not very fluffy. The decor was tasteful. All of the amenities were nice. Because we were on our honeymoon, they sent up a bottle of champagne. I can't remember if it was waiting for us, or if it was sent separate, but that was nice. They include two bottles of water in the in-room fridge, but I was surprised when they didn't re-stock those daily, as they had in our hotel in Maui. The pool isn't much to speak of, but the beach is great. The swimming in front of the hotel and neighboring hotels is among the most popular, as judged by the number of people in the water. Still, we never felt overcrowded while swimming or sitting by our towels. If you plan on going to the beach and not renting one of their umbrellas, I'd plan on grabbing some towels from the towel stand (at the pool) and then setting up in front of the Pink Palace hotel, which is next door. The reason for this is that the Outrigger sets up people with their umbrellas almost all the way to the shoreline, and you'll find it very awkward to navigate around them. The Pink Palace isn't as close to shore, so their umbrella area is set back and this gives a big area for people. We noticed a lot of other Outrigger guests discovered the same thing.The restaurants are very good. We did not go to the steak house. Nor did we dine at the Hula Grill (we'd already dined at one in Maui), though we did stop in for Happy Hour, which as excellent drinks at reasonable prices from 3-6pm. We had the breakfast buffet at Duke's, which is awesome and well worth the $14.95 price. During happy hour on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, they have a live band playing outside that you can hear from the beach, pool, and the restaurants. They play some nice relaxing yet fun music. Unfortunately we checked in on Sunday so we only got one day to enjoy this. As I mentioned the service at the hotel was great. The concierge was very helpful in making sure we knew the ins and outs of the island, and also recommended routes and times for various activities. The housekeeping service is also very good. We had one problem, but they went above and beyond to correct it. Before we left the hotel for the morning, we called and requested cleaning to take place during the hours we'd be gone. They said it'd be no problem, yet when we got back it had not been cleaned. However, I saw the cleaning staff on the floor and figured they were just running behind. Yet, around 5pm we were disappointed to return to the room and see that it'd not been cleaned. I called down and the operator told me that according to their records, it'd been cleaned. When I assured her that it hadn't, she was very apologetic and said that it must have been checked off incorrectly. Within 2-3 minutes someone arrived to change our towels and quickly make up our bed. Five minutes after that, they called again to ask what time we'd be going to dinner because they wanted to do a full cleaning. Sure enough when we got back from dinner, they'd fully cleaned the room and left a giant basket of various treats on the dresser. The next day, they called to make sure everything had been done, AND to ask what times we'd like the room cleaned for the remaining days we'd be guests. We were quite pleased at how they went above and beyond to correct their mistake. The valet did get the car within 2 minutes of request every time that we went down, even when we checked out, which was a crazy time due to tons of people checking in because of some big festival taking place that weekend. They also allowed us to check out at 1pm rather than noon, which allowed us to leave at the perfect time to head to the airport.This was a great hotel that I would recommend to anybody.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>HorseyGirlSydney
<Content>Great Hotel!! I stayed here in 2005. We found it to be a great hotel. When you arrived it didn't feel like you were walking into a hotel everything was open with beautiful fresh flowers all around. I have been to Hawaii just this year 2007 and saw alot of renovations being done so hopefully it is still as beautiful as it was when we stayed. The only thing we found we didn't like was the beach side. Its a bit crunchy and hard under the feet as its the reef side. We did go swimming on this side but is a bit hard on the feet. I would recommend water shoes on this side when swimming.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Corvalis
<Content>The Outrigger on the Beach was Great! This was our second stay at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach. After a few glitches at check in, we ended up in an oceanfront room with lanai and Jacuzzi tub on the twelfth floor. What a view! Sure the room has some wear but hey, it鈥檚 Waikiki and there is lots of traffic through this hotel! The concierge Ritsuko was the best we have ever dealt with hands down! Kudos also to Guest Service Manager Meali鈥檌, who made our stay a memorable one! Dukes Canoe Club as always was great! Excellent maid service at this hotel! I do recommend staying away from the Hula Grill. Staff is still as rude as ever. Overall, our only complaint is we wished we could have stayed longer! Aloha!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>travlinmav
<Content>A great place to stay What a great place, the room and bathroom was very clean and up to date. If you want to be in the middle of it all, I cant think of a better location. Great stretch of beach with beach rentals  view of diamond head, friendly service at the front desk, beach rentals and dukes. Next time I come to oahu, I will stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>peefor
<Content>Would definitely recommend Stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach from the 9th to 13th September 2007. All in all a faulous experience. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The room superb (partial Ocean View) and breakfast excellent. Like some other reviews the only downside was the thinness of the walls - not a lot the hotel can do about that now but if you are a light sleeper then take ear plugs!A wonderful experience that I would recommend.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>busjgh
<Content>Great Waikiki beach front hotel The Outrigger Waikiki on the beach is the perfect hotel, bang centre of Waikiki and situated right on the the best stretch on beach.We had booked a CIty view room but were upgraded to a partial ocean view room. This room was huge with two queen sized beds, nicely decorated, had a great balcony and a lovely bathroom.There are many bars and restaurants in the hotel, however we ate elsewhere, but had some drinks in Dukes which is a popular place to go in Waikiki.I would recommend this hotel to people of all ages as it has things to suit everyone!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sikeston
<Content>Very Pleased!! We stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach for 5 nights in August and were very pleased. We felt that we had the best location and beach area of any hotel along the beach. The restaurants were all terrific and the hotel service was wonderful! We stayed on the 16th floor and were not bothered by any outside noise. We booked an ocean front room and it was worth every penny!! The view was amazing! This room rate also included free breakfast every morning at Duke's or the Hula Grill, which were both excellent. This was our first trip to Hawaii and we would definately return and recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SDChargers_fan
<Content>It's all about the beach, cause the hotel is average Just the wife and myself on the anniversary for 8 days. A few years ago, we stayed at the Sharaton Waikiki 300 yards away. There hotel was great, but it lacked direct beach frontage. At that time, I noticed the pleasant access of Outrigger Hotel's beach front location and view from Dukes restaurant, and opted for it this go around. Its really hard to screw up the day activities at Waikiki beach, so I will only mention the bad aspects of the time we were actually in the hotel. They charged $25/night to park your car with no discount to hotel guests. This was not divulged on web site. While the hotel web site indicates that it matters, actually selecting (or in my case verbally requesting) the ocean view/king bed and then getting it upon arrival are two diff things. Upon arrival, they suggested that next time I should call up a day or two before arrival to remind them. For a minute there, I could almost swear that some palm scratching was in order/required, if you get my drift. Fortunately, significant begging did the trick, after I declined to pay for their offer of an ocean front upgrade room. What I got was the room across from the elevator. While the elevator is not noisy, the people traffic is. Without a doubt, (and as everyone else writes) the walls are paper thin. A door closing nearby is a loud bang. The Air conditioning unit is loud on high, and fidgety to maintain on low. The toilet flushes so loud, Al Bundy would be proud of its power. Above you, below you, next to you. If your the party animal who can manage to stay up and continue the cocktail'ing in your room, then this is no big deal to you. If you are like us and enjoy somewhat of a peaceful night starting at 9 - 10pm, then you wont dig this. Very simply, normal talking can be heard from adjacent rooms and from across the hall. As indicated, our first room was next to/across from the elevator. Two days later, we requested and received a relocation. Now we were next to the lady with the hearing aid (literally) and loud TV at night. Called building security and they eventually got her to turn it down. The Hula grill and Chuck's Steak House are the alternate restaurants but they are not open for lunch. This limits you to Dukes, which is OK at best. Honestly, the $2.50 pre-fab tuna sandwich in the lobby market comes with light mayo and is a very tasty night snack. The $6 tuna sandwich for lunch from the lobby custom deli (closes at 5pm) sucked due to them soaking it with mayo. My fault. I still recommended the deli over Dukes for an economy lunch. For the budget minded drunk, I recommend going to the ABC market across the street and buying 10 of the $1.50 bacardi mini-bar bottles. Get the free (or low cost) passion/guava mix from the bar and bingo, instant Mai Tai. Excellent. I know, I'm a cheap sh**. But it saved me $300 bucks! I also recommend that upon arrival, ask the beach services desk to give you one of the free rafts that everyone leaves there. Otherwise, go to ABC store and but one for $2. If you want chairs and umbrella, same thing. Buy it at ABC. Otherwise, rentals for each item is $5 - $50 day. Then throw it away when you done. Overall rating - Average.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>andreajc41
<Content>I had a GREAT time! I'm going to make this short and sweet. The hotel was great...the staff was accommodating the restaurants were great and yummy. I loved that it was central to everything and the beach was amazing :) The only comments I have to make on the more negative side were that the walls are super thin and the elevators took too long at times. Other than that I would definitely recommend the hotel to anyone looking to stay in Waikiki!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrsHumuhumu
<Content>The Outrigger was Awesome! We stayed at the Outrigger Sept 1-3. The hotel is beautiful! The lobby, the restaurants, rooms, service are all great. Nothing but great things to say about this hotel. The hotel is located right in the heart of Waikiki. I booked a partial ocean view room but when we arrived, they had upgraded us to an ocean view for no additional cost. The room was beautifully decorated. The lanai was a bit small but was fine for our use. We went to two of their restaurants: Duke's for dinner and Hula Grill for lunch. Dukes' food just okay but the table we were at was right on the rail and we had a great view. Hula Grill had pretty good food for breakfast. We were on the sixth floor and we did hear a bit of noise from our neighbors next door but it wasn't bad at all. We did not wait very long for an elevator at any time. We would definitely stay at the Outrigger again.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jadexx
<Content>A wonderful hotel, a perfect vacation.. I booked a partial ocean view for 8 nights at the outrigger. We were told on arrival we were being upgraded for free to an ocean front room.. the man who checked us in kept saying not to tell anyone he would get fired for upgrading is for free.. he made a big deal out of it, however we were not upgraded. That was my only complaint about the outrigger.. we were fine with the room we booked untill we thought we had an upgrade only to find out we were lied to. That being said... Room:we were on the cheesecake factory side of the building directly beside the fan, where everyone said is the worst place to be, however we had no problems. The part of our view that was ocean was wonderful, and the part that was city was nice too. The fan was not very loud and when the door was closed you couldnt hear it at all from inside the room. You could hear a flush from the bathroom next dr in the middle of the night but nothing you would hear if you werent already awake. The Bed's were comfortable, room was cleaned well every day. It was not a huge room, but a very good size for the two of us. Loved the in room fridge, we were always bringing home leftovers and eating some the next day.Food:We ate at all 3 restraunts and both aggreed Dukes is best for a snack and a drink atmosphere was nice but food was just ok. Hula grill was the best breakfast we ate the entire vacation. The pancakes with coconut syrup was amazing. And Chucks steak house was very expensive but totally worth it, small portions but the food was good. Pool/beach:We never had any problems getting a good spot on the beach day or night. And everytime we went to the pool we always found 2 seats side by side. When the pool man was there, there were always towls, ice water and friendly staff. Other:We went to the hot tub one night to have a drink, wow a big mistake, you can not drink anything in the hot tub, so we got out of the tub and I forgot my id in the room, so i sent my fiancee to get drinks, they wouldnt serve him because he was only in swim trunks, So he went to the room to get his shirt and ID and still couldnt get us drinks because we both needed to be present to get 2 drinks. Finally we gave up, went to the room, got both ID, both completly dressed and down to get a seat at a table to get drinks.. finally we got served. A lot of work. But after we knew we always went prepared. No problem at all with a wait for the elevators, always room, sometime empty, but dont forget your card! You cant go up to your room without a room card. Over all:I loved this hotel, as did my boyfriend who ended up proposing to me in front of dukes on the beach one night. This location will always be special to us, we will always return to outrigger if we go back to waikiki.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	5	

<Author>lytes
<Content>My favorite Hotel in Waikiki       view  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ZeusMonster
<Content>Great Stay!       Safe  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>herv_7
<Content>a very good hotel in an excellent location We spent 6 nights in the hotel and overall it was a very nice experience. We chose this hotel as it had good reviews in tripadvisor, was reasonably priced and next to the waikiki beach. We had made a reservation for a partial ocean view room and got a ....partial ocean view room. The room itself was very nice, clean had a comfortable king size bed. Its size and bathroom size were big enough for a relatively long stay. The balcony was a little bit small for our taste, though.We tasted the food at two restaurants in the hotel, the grill and the dukes. The dukes is a little bit noisy and extremely busy during breakfast time, however at lunch time the buffet is a steal at 13 USD per person. The grill is fine for breakfast and reasonably priced if you choose a light continental breakfast rather than a full american one.The pool is nice, however there is not enough space for people looking for a shadowy place. Also , the beach towels are very thin and should be replaced by new ones.The beach is wonderful, however you have to pay up to 50 USD to get two beach chairs with an umbrella. I heard that this kind of service is free in some other hotels, so consider this when you compare prices within hotels of similar category. Concerning the hotel itself, it's a little bit outdated and does not have the charm or the elegance of its two neighbours (the royal hawaian and the westin) but considering the price, the outrigger is probably a better deal. The location is perfect and you are close to everything.Overall, we spent a wonderful vacation in Hawai and if you cannot (like us) spend more than 250 USD a night, this the right place to goThe only real complaint is that the walls are paper thin. So be nice with your neighbours.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>richman707
<Content>A wonderful hotel - expensive but worth it As it was our first trip to Hawaii, we booked an ocean front room which was quite expensive. We drove up with our rental car and was immediately approached by a car valet attendant and bell person. Luggage was unloaded and I was told to go register and luggage would be brought to the riim. Registration was at a desk (sitting down!), In about 10 minutes we were in our room and the luggage then arrived. Room was attractive, clean, turn down service, with a candy treat each night and a small but truly ocean from balcony. Met every expectation.The hotel was busy, though much easier to navigate than the larger ones - realtively small. Our room was off to one corner so it was quiet. I imagine that roomes near the elevator could be a bit noisy and many reviews mentioned the noise from the Cheescake factory. Not a problem for use. Ask for the side away from the restaurant when making reservations.Also, our stay included free buffet breakfasts so ask!Finally, I am not a fan of valet parking but except for one case, wait was always less than 5 minutes and the exception was only a minute or two more.All staff was friendly, courteous and knowledgable.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PauloB66
<Content>Outrigger is okay! After returning from my round the world honeymoon, we decided to travel to Hawaii for 5 days as our final stop.Reception/concierge quite flexible  informative during our stay and they allowed us to check in very early in the morning which was good. Our room was a very good size, with an angled balcony view of Waikiki beach. However as previously mentioned in the reviews the walls are paper thin, and we managed to hear most guests above  across from our room using their bathrooms!! There is also a massive generator on a neighbour building which makes a horrible noise 24/7!The restaurant Dukes downstairs is fun but very very busy all day. We didn't eat there, but went to some very good restaurants in the vicinity though namely Hy's steakhouse  Top of Waikiki which offers panoramic views of the area whilst turning you 360 degrees in an hour! The Outrigger is in need of some updating it looks a little tired, but really does have a great location, probably the best in the area. Everything is at your fingertips from the beach to the shops to the restaurants. We ended up bringing another suitcase home full of new clothes as they have 2 great shopping malls in Ala Moana  Waikele. We hired a car  went round the island in a day, the North Shore beaches are a nice drive  worth going to. On the whole I probably wouldn't return to the Outrigger however it does offer value for money. Honolulu is a great place to go for a few days though I would jet off to nearby islands if staying for a bit longer! You will also come across an unbelievable amount of japanese tourists in Hawaii which I found amazing as they simply overrun the city! All very harmless though  very tend to leave the beaches to tattoo clad surfers  sun worshippers!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Familytraveller31
<Content>Very Nice Hotel My family of five stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki for 4 nights in August of 2007, occupying connecting rooms on the 15th floor. The rooms were comfortable, modern and average sized. Hotel is friendly and well appointed. Good location. Parking is expensive, but probalby typical for Waikiki. Restauarants are excellent, and we had breakfast included in our room, which is wonderful on vacation. The partial ocean view was VERY partial. Otherwise, a good choice.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>OC-Lynch
<Content>Best Hotel in Waikiki We stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki the week of July 25-31. We checked in pretty early and our room wasn鈥檛 ready yet, so the staff put a rush on it. We grabbed some coffee and snacks from Seattle鈥檚 Best located at the entrance of the hotel and within 20 minutes our room was ready. When making our reservations, we requested a room on the Diamond Head side and on a high floor. They honored all our requests and gave us a complimentary room upgrade from a city view to a partial ocean view. We were on the 15th floor, which gave us access to the express elevators that only service floors 14, 15  PH. There are some rooms located right it next to the express elevators and I鈥檓 sure it can get pretty noisy right there. Luckily for us, we were a good distance from any of the elevators, so we had no problems. We did hear the sounds of toilets flushing a few times, but that鈥檚 only because the toilets pack a powerful flush, which in my opinion is a good thing. The noise from the toilets never bothered us or woke us up. Other than that, we never heard any noise coming from any of the other rooms, so the walls aren鈥檛 as thin as others described. The room itself is nicely furnished. The bathroom has granite countertops and there is plenty of closet space and drawers. The lani fit me, my husband and our 10 year old daughter comfortably for breakfast, although we did leave our sliding door open for a little extra space. One of the best things about this hotel is that it鈥檚 located right smack in the middle of everything. The International Marketplace is across the street and the Royal Hawaiian Shopping center is just around the corner. Not to mention it houses one of the best restaurants in all of Waikiki鈥ukes. Dukes is reasonably priced, has great food  drinks, and has one of the best views of Waikiki. Try the Lava Flow, you鈥檒l be addicted! Make sure you make reservations in advance as this place is busy every night. We made reservations a few weeks in advance and got a great table on the lani. Their breakfast buffet was great! We also ate at Hula Grill for dinner, which also has great views of Waikiki. Room service is provided by Hula Grill. The chocolate chip pancakes were delicious!The beach right outside the hotel is beautiful. There is always something to do on the beach. Whether it be a catamaran sail, canoe ride, surfing lessons, or just floating in the ocean, the Outrigger has everything within arms reach. The on-site restaurants and some of the activities allow you to charge the costs to your room, which came in very handy as we hardly ever had to carry cash on us. You can rent 2 beach chairs  an umbrella for $30-$50 a day, depending on what type of chair you want. Rent your chairs early so you can get a good spot on the beach. Make sure to buy inflatable rafts or intertubes at the ABC store across the street. This will make for a wonderful time in the ocean.The pool was a bit small for such a big resort, but we were always able to find a spot. It鈥檚 illegal to drink alcohol on the beach, but since this hotel is right on the beach, you could drink by the pool overlooking the ocean and still have the same feel. I cannot say enough about the great staff. They were all so friendly and attentive. We needed towels before the towel desk opened and housekeeping quickly brought them up to our room. If you renting a car, getting into the hotel can be a little bit of a wait at times, but very too bad. The valets are really good about getting everyone in  out as quickly as possible. Everyday housekeeping leaves a newsletter in your room listing the activities the hotel offers such as lei making.The Outrigger was one of the best hotels I鈥檝e ever stayed at and if and when we return to Oahu, we will definitely return to the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach. If you鈥檙e looking for a nice quiet vacation, then this hotel is not for you, but if you鈥檙e looking for a beautiful hotel in the middle of all the action, then this is definitely the place for you.Aloha!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Netzie0220
<Content>Not Too Impressed We just returned from a 9 night stay with our two teen sons. We had a great time and I must say that this hotel is probably the best one for teenagers who like to be in the center of all the action. We had an oceanfront room which was nice -- but hte walls are very thin! There was plenty of action and the hotel is convenient to everything as many others have noted. This is our third time to Waikiki -- the first two times we stayed at the Sheraton Moana Surfrider. When I return to Waikiki it will defintely be back to the Sheraton Moana Surfrider -- provided I can get a room in the newer section (deluxe tower).I thought the service at the Outrigger was just average and at sometimes below average. Definitely not a 4 star hotel. They best thing they have going is Dukes restaurant. There was really nothing special about this hotel. We even had visit from Security because a neighbor had complained about noise from our room. We were watching a funny movie and there was some laughing but nothing out of the ordinary. It was rather annoying to have this visit when the music from their bar downstairs kept us up late every night -- after 11:00pm. The pool area is very small and not enough chairs for everyone. And, they close off one of the pool sections at 3:00 so they can set up a happy hour with music, etc. and all of those who are sunbathing are told to leave. They will just pick your things up right off the chairs and set them in the mulch over the little balcony! If you want a beach umbrella and chairs, you have to be there at 7:00 before they open or you won't get one. And, the charge $40 some per day. Food is expensive. I noticed that many, many people who stayed here would go over to the mini market for reasonably priced sandwiches and many people went to ABC store to purhcase chairs/umbrella. You could purhcase an umbrella and two chairs for the same price as a ONE day rental at Outrigger. They really nickel and dime you here. At the Sheraton Moana (next door) there is no charge for beach chairs and umbrella and you don't have to get up at 7:00 to get one either. Next time we go to Waikiki it will definitely be the Sheraton Moana. I would not stay here again. These are just a few of the negatives there were others.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	3	2	3	

<Author>mhamelin
<Content>Loved the Outrigger! My husband and I booked the Outrigger for the majority of our honeymoon stay in Hawaii. Of course, we read many reviews on trip advisor before going, so we weren't sure exactly what to expect based on the mixed reviews.We had a great time! The first 6 nights we stayed in a partial ocean view room with a king size bed. The room was spacious and the bathroom was very nice. However, being on the first floor, our view wasn't very good. We could see a little of the ocean, but mostly just the building next door. We liked the free in-room safe. The beds were very comfortable as well. The hotel also allows customers free calling anywhere in the U.S.! As honeymooners, there was a bottle of champage in our room the first night. After returning from a few days in Maui, we upgraded to a deluxe ocean front room, and it was definitely worth it! The room has a spa tub and a fabulous view of the ocean (obviously). The room is a bit smaller than the partial ocean view, but still worth it. If you can, upgrade to this room! Maid service was excellent and the staff at the Outrigger was very helpful. We were amazed at how well they handle everyone's luggage with so many people coming and going. The staff was also great about moving our luggage during our stay in Maui. We didn't take all of our bags with us, and when we returned to the Outrigger, our luggage had already been moved for us into our new room.Since I've read other reviews of the hotel, I know that some people complain about the walls being too thin. I was able to hear our neighbors several times, but the noise wasn't so much that we couldn't deal with it. The beach area does get a bit crowded, but what do you expect? Waikiki is one of the best beaches in the world...and people want to enjoy it! You'll see why when you get there!Many people bought small pool floats for the ocean (between $3-$8) at local stores. I would also suggest bringing your own towels (or buying one when you get there). We rented a car one day and went snorkeling along the North Shore, so our own beach towels were helpful. The hotel does provide towels, though, if you're just going to stick around the area. One thing I found a little annoying about the lower pool area was that at 4:00 the staff clears people off their lounge chairs to make extra room for Duke's Restaurant. This happens at 3:00 on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays for a band to play.We ate at both Hula Grill and Duke's. Hula Grill is good for lunch, while Duke's is good for either lunch or dinner. We ate dinner at Duke's twice, and loved it.One more thing...we bought the book Oahu Revealed and found it very helpful.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	1	

<Author>stephanierob
<Content>Completely positive experience!! After booking our vacation package on expedia I read some of the reviews complaining about the noise and over crowding. I expected the worst and was very happily surprised!! Our 10 day vacation was EXCELLENT!!! The hotel made great accomodations for my husband and I and our 17 and 12 year olds. Then we had both sets of grandparents that stayed in rooms near by. It was perfect!! We had an ocean view and loved the staff, the restaurants, the pool, beach, EVERYTHING!!!THANKS OUTRIGGER!! Don't beleive the rumors about thin walls and too much noise. We loved everything about this hotel.The Robb family,California  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>maddie59
<Content>Excellent       Breakfast at Outrigger Waikiki  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Buddy1234
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We went to Hawaii for our Honeymoon. Having never been there before we only booked the first 2 nights accommodation with the travel agent and then thought we would look around once we got there. Thank goodness we did that! The Beachcomber was very old and dated room and the carpet looked like it had never been cleaned. Breakfast was very poor, however staff were very friendly. We walked around the day after we arrived to HOtels which took our fancy.For the remander 8 nights we ended up staying at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach. This Hotel was so beautiful. we only booked a city view room, however still got a veiw of the water from the balcony. The room itself was so beautiful. The service was outstanding in every department. We enjoyed drinks and lunch most days at Dukes which also has live bands on Sunday afternoons. The location was the best. If we went again we would either stay there or the Sheraton Moana. Sheraton was pricey but a magnificent Hotel. Both Hotels in the best location right on the beach accross from Macy's and all the shops. Make sure you go and eat at the Cheesecake Factory, just down the street a little from the Outrigger. The best food ever, but be prepared to wait a little for a table. They are always packed.Alomaoano (forgot correct spelling) was a great shopping centre only a 10 minute bus trip. We hired a car and driving over there was a breeze. Drove to the North shore. Vist turtle bay and have lunch at there restaurant on the beach. The food generally in Hawaii is so big so it was nice to get a normal and reallly delicious meal. After our 2nd visit to the cheesecake factory we learnt to pick the cheapest meals on the menu so they would be less food... Wrong, still massive.We missed the huge surf at Sunset, but worth seeing the different culture and way of life on the North Shore.We visited the outlet shopping on the way back. That was a little dissappointing.Overall I cant wait to get back to Hawaii. The people are sooooo friendly everywhere you go and the food is amazing.Oh, when asking someone where the toilets are (as we say in Australia if we need to go), make sure you say 'Rest rooms' or bathrooms' as the word toilet isnt well liked. I found that out after people looked at me like I was being rude.Oh, Diamond Head, also worth a visit and walk up to the top.Also if you want a tatto (my husband got a Hula girl with Diamond Head in background) go see Tino at Soul Tattoos. Sort of located 1 street parallal back the beach road and upstairs in a old apartment block. He was the best. Wow I could go on forever, what a beautiful place. Definatley 10/10!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LillianLM
<Content>Can't beat the location! Our family, comprised of 2 adults in our late 40's and 2 teenage boys, just returned from a great 4 night stay at the Outrigger in Waikiki. We were extremely pleased with the hotel. The layout of the lobby is interesting and works very well -- the ground floor in the street exit, with an activities desk, retail shops, a coffee place and Dukes. The check-in is on the second floor, which effectively separates the folks checking in and out from the other goings-on in the lobby. When we checked in, the woman working the desk tried very hard to sell us on an upgrade from a city-view room to a partial ocean view for only $69 per room night (we had 2 rooms). When we turned her down, she smiled and said she'd talk to her manager and then came back, whispering that her manager agreed to upgrade us by giving us 2 partial ocean view rooms but charging us for only one. We also turned that down (I mean, I don't stay in the room except to sleep and we were going to stay in ocean-front condos on Maui and the Big Island, so I felt it wasn't necessary.) I felt as though I was buying car with that experience, but that was the only negative experience and it was minor. The staff was extremely friendly and we found the rooms to be extremely clean and well laid out. We had 14th floor, city view rooms. The 14th and 15th floor have their own elevator, which is very handy, as I noticed the other elevators were always packed. I would take care NOT to have a city-view room on a lower floor, as the fans on the roof of the building next door (Cheesecake Facory) are noisy if you're clser than we were. I would also take care NOT to get a room right next to the elevators. The pool and the beach in front of the hotel are very crowded but Waikiki, in general, is very crowed. The hotel's location is in the heart of things. We always went to breakfast on the road parallel to the street the hotel is on -- there are a variety of places to go. The local shopping became very upscale from the last time I was in Waikiki 20 years ago. You can find Prada, Cartier, Tiffany, Baly, etc. intermixed with cheap t-shirt shops and loads of ABC stores. All in all, I recommend this hotel and would stay here again if returning to Waikiki.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Lia29
<Content>Loved it - all smiles and great service       View from our lanai  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>PeterSydney80
<Content>Exactly As Advertised My wife and I stayed in Room 424 (Ocean Front with spa) for 10 days. We were not disappointed in any respect and everything was perfect for the sort of vacation we were seeking.Let me get to some important facts first:Noise: We heard absolutely nothing from any neighbouring rooms. There were occupied by families with kids and we heard nothing, nada, nichs, rien, nol. The room walls are not paper thin - those reports are not true at least for our room.There is general beach noise and party noise from Dukes on the Ground Floor until about 11pm - but if you close your lanai door it's barely perceptable.Wedding Vow Renewal Ceremony: Surprisingly well done (and free). Well worth signing up for.Staff: Very friendly and courteous check-in staff. We got an early check-in (9am) which was great after an 11 hour flight. Maids were very friendly and the standard of room preparation was excellent.Cleanliness: Room was cleaned twice daily to a very high standard.Room Amenities: Exactly as expected for a solid 4-star hotel. (Bed was particularly comfortable).Elevators: There are 3 elevators servicing floors 1 - 12 (higher floors have a separate elevator). During peak times, the wait was up to 2 minutes. It was NEVER 5 minutes as some others have suggested. Mostly the elevator wait time was less than 1 minute. Your on vacation people - you can afford a few minutes!View: Perfect. Exactly as advertised.If you are after a good 4-star room on the beach at Waikiki, this place will deliver.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>cptlarry
<Content>Great!!       Wheelers sunset cruise  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Frbill92
<Content>Great location in the Heart of Paradise This is my sixth trip to Waikiki in 20 years. In the past I always stayed at the Hyatt Regency, and this time decided to try something different. The greeting and front desk staff were very helpful. Check-in was fast and simple. I was on the 16th floor with a beautiful view of the ocean. The beach outside the hotel was nice, but quite small and somewhat crowded. The express elevator to the upper floors made it simple and fast to get to and from your room. Request a room above the 14th floor in your going. The room was comfortable and nicely decorated. My biggest disappointment was the condition of the room when I checked in. It was only partially stocked. I had to find someone in housekeeping to get a roll of toilet paper. There was no hand cream or shampoo. In general, for the cost of the room, I was disappointed by my first impression of its condition. The next day after housekeeping had been in, everything was in order--soap, shampoo, extra toilet paper, etc. But I expect, when I'm paying $250+ per night to find all that in place when I check in. I would stay there if and when I return to Waikiki because I found it better and friendlier than the Hyatt staff that tend to pamper the Japanese tourists while ignoring their other guests.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>Lifes_a_beach_7
<Content>Costa Del Hawaii       Basketball Man  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>pamam
<Content>Good Location We stayed our 1st 3 nights at the Outrigger Waikiki(OW) and my kids loved it. But I don't understand why people kept saying good things about the Dukes(restaurant) too, they have nice view but the buffet breakfast was terrible, I think Denny's or IHOP serve much better food than them.We stayed our last 3 nights at Ohana East because they costed more than US100 less a day, and the location is just across the street of OW, thought it didn't make much diff, but it did, my sons didn't like Ohana East a bit, I should have just spent that US$300 and stayed put at OW  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>jabinkley
<Content>You will love this hotel and location Just returned from a week in Oahu, and here is my report. Arrived at the Waikiki Outrigger on the Beach by ABC limo. Took the escalator to the main lobby for check in. They greeted us at the landing BY NAME and ushered us to the sit down check in area. Only snafu was we had requested adjoining rooms with two double beds each. Only adjoining rooms are one room with king bed and the other with two doubles, and they gave us two double beds rooms separated by one room. No worries. The next day they moved one of the rooms to a king and we had our adjoining rooms. I have nothing but GREAT things to say about this hotel. I too worried over the thin walls (even brought ear plugs and never used them). I must have had quiet neighbors as I only heard the TV next door once. The toilets flush very strong and loud, so you do hear that but not enough to bother or awaken anyone. The vanity is poorly lit but who cares what you look like, you鈥檙e hangin鈥?loose in Hawaii. I couldn鈥檛 find the light in the shower/toilet area the first night, so showered in the dark. Next day my son pointed out the switch to me.HINT: Rooms _16 and _17 are right across from the elevators. I imagine these rooms can get loud with the constant traffic. Also the ice machines are located between rooms _29 and _30. Also, could be noisy. The lanai is not huge. Two chairs and table, but, again, plenty of room for my sister and I to read the paper and admire the view each morning and evening. We had an ocean view and it was worth every penny. I laid out maid money three days and they never picked it up, so I just left a big tip at the end of our stay. Didn鈥檛 hang much at the pool, but they have tons of lounge chairs. The pool is not kid friendly as the depth is 4feet to 8feet. Also it is a salt-water pool. Three days we went at 7:45am and got in line to get two beach chairs and umbrella ($30) HINT: Drop your towels in the spot where you want your chairs to claim the best spots. If you get the front row, you will probably get a little wet at high tide, just put your stuff up in the chairs to avoid soakage. HINT: Bring a cheap, collapsible 6pack cooler with you from home, fill with hotel ice and can drinks before you go to the beach. Cold drinks all day with out leaving your chairs!! My teens participated in the ukulele lessons, and we all made name luggage tags. Dukes was great, we were famished and the salad bar was just as good as everyone claims. Had their buffet one morning ($14.95鈥hat includes drinks too, milk, juice colas, etc, so you don鈥檛 have to limit the kids to one!) Also tried out the Plantation Spa with a body scrub. Pretty pricey, $109. Wouldn鈥檛 do that again鈥ersonal preference, the staff and service was excellent and first class. There鈥檚 a $5 off coupon in the Outrigger coupon book they give you but I found a $10 off in another coupon book. Check out the shops here. Very reasonable prices. A 6 pack of cola was cheaper at their market than at ABC across the street! Enjoyed everything about this Outrigger. Would stay here again, given the opportunity.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PickE
<Content>Best value for money, clean, comfortable, to the point. Stayed here after running away from the Royal Hawaiian. This hotel was great. Got a rate of 160 + free buffet breakfast for 2. The rooms are clean, comfortable and with lovely views of the pool and even the ocean. The rooms are a little old, but you expect that at this place, but it doesn't compromise your feeling of relaxation. Bathroom was clean, good amentities. The pool was nice and the breakfast buffet is AMAZING, especially eating it by the beach where the restaurant is. The place has a good array of shops and facilities which are all reasonably priced, even parking is 18/dollars a night, not bad. The ONLY bad thing about this place is the beach, very rocky on the bottom, big waves, not safe I think for children and amateur swimmers. Location, excellent, 5-10 minutes from everything. Would come again.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Kate1607
<Content>Great Time and Good Service       On the beach in front of Outrigger  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JohnBrisbane
<Content>Outrigger Waikiki is the Best! Just got back a few days ago from a 2 week stay at the Outrigger Waikiki with my wife and our 2 children (7 and 4). Let me tell you, it was the Best. Holiday. Ever. We arrived a little early at the hotel but Alex managed to get us to our room by early lunch time. Very friendly service. We had booked an oceanfront room and boy, it was worth it. The views were fantastic.Got to our room and it was very clean. In fact they would clean the room twice a day. Furniture is traditional, but certainly not dated. The room was spacious enough for the 4 of us for 2 weeks. Even after this time, we did not feel claustrophobic at all. The only complaint I could make is that the walls need a little soundproofing. But this didn't really bother us a lot.The hotel staff are very helpful and very friendly. Nothing was a problem for them. There was a mix up one morning with concierge for a shuttle pickup (for Waikele Factory Outlets) and after a few discussions, they paid for our shuttle. That's service!What really made things nice for us was how comfortable we felt at Outrigger Waikiki. They made us feel at home. The kids loved the other activities as well - the hula lessons, making leis etc.As for location, it is the best, bar none. You are right across the road from the International Marketplace and it is centrally located to all shops and transport. Since we had kids, we also wanted a place close to a medical centre. This was about a 2 minute walk away at the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani (called Doctors on Call).Since the hotel is absolute beachfront, there was no road to cross - just wash your feet and up to the hotel room. If you want an umbrella and chairs, make sure you get downstairs at 8.00am. That's when the beach shop is open for these rentals. They're not cheap ($40 a day), but hey, you're on holidays!All restaurants there are top class. Dukes or Hula Grill for breakfast were great. Chuck's Steak House is beautiful. Great meal and great outlook.I can't wait to go back. I could stay another 2 weeks in Honolulu, no problems and we would not think of any other place to stay other than Outrigger Waikiki.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>eaglesfan_7
<Content>Excellent Hotel, great service       the view from our room  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>RCBD
<Content>Dont stay here if you want a nice holiday! Where do I start about this hotel, awful, awful, awful! I cant believe how many good reviews it has to be honest, I thought it should be rated 2/3*. I had been informed that the hotel had recently been modified, but I dont know where exactly. We traveled to Hawaii for our honeymoon, stopping at Las Vegas on the way to Hawaii staying in the Bellagio, I dont know whether we were comparing this hotel to the Bellagio, but after feeling like royalty there when we got to our room in the Outrigger it seemed like a hostel compared to the Bellagio. At check in we were waiting around for a while until a desk was available, we were told we had a room upgrade from a partial ocean view room to a full ocean view room, which we were pleased about. When we got to our room we were situated right out side the lift, so every morning and evening when people came back to their rooms we were woken up, it was sooooo noisy, the walls must be paper thin I have never stayed in a place quite like it. You can hear what everyone is up to in the rooms beside and above you and are woken every time someone flushes the toilet.When we entered our room we were so disappointed, the room was dated, shabby, the balcony had all paint peeling off it, the bathroom was just awful, with no light in the shower so you basically had to shower in darkness once you had pulled the shower curtain across. And so much for the full ocean view room it was still a partial oceanview room, we hadnt been upgraded at all. I did complain about this at reception but they basically said that they didn鈥檛 have another room for us, we could have upgraded to a full ocean suite but that was going to cost an extra $150 a night! We had already paid a fortune to stay in this hotel.They left a bottle of what was supposed to be champagne in our room for our honeymoon, which was disgusting, we tipped it down the sink it tasted like vinegar!The maids interrupt you when the do not disturb signs are on, at about 8am (It was our honeymoon and we were suffering with jet lag) anyway if you tell them to come back later they don鈥檛 bother. One night we came back to our room to find no clean towels we were furious and it took about 40 minutes after 2 calls to reception and one visit to reception for the maid to bring clean towels, and when she arrived she was laughing much to our annoyance! She certainly didn鈥檛 get a tip on departure. Swimming Pool was the worst swimming pool I have ever seen, it just seemed really tatty and very small, Sun loungers had seen better days and there were not enough to go round. The hotel does supply you with towels but they are sooo tatty and like sand paper! When we couldn鈥檛 get a sun lounger we decided to sit on the beach and pay for a sun lounger until we were told it was $40 for two sun loungers and an umberella for the day 鈥?what a rip off, we flatly refused to pay this though! So to sum it all up the hotel is over priced, awful rooms, awful swimming pool and awful staff. What more can I say. If you are looking to have a special holiday do not go to this hotel! Waikiki was overall a big disappointment, it was over crowded, hardly any bars, not enough restaurants, but great for shopping especially if you like your designer labels. The International market place which is situated across from the hotel is awful too- oh my god I have never seen so many stores selling such rubbish. We did go to see the rest of the island which is a must other wise you would just think the whole island is concrete and high rise buildings. It is such a shame I think the place has been ruined and a million miles away from the paradise we expected. If you are looking for paradise I would try another island or go somewhere totally different. The only good thing about the place was the Hulla Grill, happy hour at the Hulla Grill was fab and the staff really friendly. Cocktails are fab too!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Verona7621
<Content>Great location, starting to look a bit tired       Diamond Head  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Lancaster_pa_Sstorm
<Content>Best Anniversary Stay We have just returned from a 7 night stay at the Outriggers and would like to say we were really impressed with this resort. We had booked a city view room and was pleased to have a partial ocean view. The room was very clean and the service was impecable. Food at the resort was very good. We would recommend this resort to anyone going to Oahu.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>so_hollywood
<Content>Nice hotel, poor service.       the hotel pool  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	5	1	2	4	

<Author>wvugirl2005
<Content>Loved it The Outrigger was the first stop on our Honeymoon. We loved this hotel and would definately stay there again! When we arrived we were treated like royality. In our room we found 2 bottles of Champange and stawberries. We had a wonderful view of the ocean and Dimondhead. Simplely lovely. I would recomend this hotel to everyone!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TONYADAVIS
<Content>Outrigger Waikik on the beach I dont know what all the bad reviews are about but this place is heaven I'm a very very tickey person. This hotel had it all clean rooms nice bathrooms excellent customer service, very well located. walk right out to shops, eateries and beach. Will return again I highly recommednt this hotel and the rate was great stayed 4 days. Didnt do an ocean view room why pay for that by the time your have been out touring on the beach and parting your gonna wanna shower and hit the sack. The only think I found true on the past reviews is that you can hear the flushing of others restrooms but it not all day long very minor. I will tell you all about what to do and see in Hawaii also most people scare you with $$$ its not expensive I live in Memphis Tn and prices where about $1-$2 more than home.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ortiz8384
<Content>Excellent Resort My wife and I stayed here for our honeymoon from June 18 - June 23 and had a great time. Our room was on the 4th floor with a partial view of the beach and has the perfect location. Right across the street from the International Market Place, right on the beach, easy walking distance for dinner or souvenirs. The Outrigger has so many stores within its complex, you really do need to go far for anything. We ate at Duke's and the Hula Grill and both were excellent. Other places we liked for dinner were The Cheesecake Factory and Nick's Fishmarket. Try the Mac Nut Crusted Mahi Mahi. For a cheap breakfast, try Keoni's and the Seaside Bar and Grill for under $3.00. You won't be disappointed with this resort.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bushido
<Content>Great stay overall       View from our room at the Outrigger Waikki  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>doozerkilkenny
<Content>great location Stayed here with 3 friends while traveling we just booked a basic room. We had no problems room is a bit dated but the location is really great  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>travelmutt1
<Content>great location right on Waikiki Beach       view of city from balcony  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ocalllo
<Content>A bit dated. We had a stop off here on our round the world ticket. We decided to stay 2 nights as most likely it would not be a place we would choose to travel too again.Outrigger was recommended to us and we heard that Duke's was the place to hang out so we decided to stay here.We had a partial sea view room which was nice and big and clean but in need of some modernisation. The bar was a nice place to hang out in the evening watching the sea. Altho there are a lot of other places to hang out too. We did not manage to use the pool either day and it was very noisy and full of children.We found it to be Very American - yes i know it is part of, but it is the place were even Americans go on holiday, we didn't meet any other nationalities. There were alot of groups of teenagers and then you also had your very over friendly college student waiting on your table being over nice to get a bigger tip.....we found it all abit too much and in your face.Hawaii over all was a nice beach resort, the hotel was fine, nothing special. They did give us early check in which was great but i can't see us returning to Hawaii anytime soon.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Squiz
<Content>Wonderful in Waikiki       Me riding the Waikiki waves  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rickChandler
<Content>Outrigger the best hotel on Waikiki for location and price Just finished another stay at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach(Our Wedding Annniversary), We had a ten night stay at the hotel and had a wonderful time, the hotel staff was great and very professional. There are 3 Places to eat on the hotel grounds, all three have excellent Food and Drinks! I would highly reccomend this hotel for your stay on Oahu, Its so close to all the shopping, and the nightlife in Waikiki.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>johnsmith47
<Content>Excellent Hotel with small beach and poor soundproofing My wife and I stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki for 5 days at the end of May. We booked the hotel through Expedia, finding a much better deal on that site than booking through the hotel's web site, which was slow, and confusing. Expedia allowed me to combine discounts that the hotel reservations didn't offer. Our package included free breakfast every day, which was terrific, and a car, which we wished we had skipped. The hotel staff was excellent. Everyone was friendly and helpful, including the valet guys and bell staff. Service was always prompt. The property was very well maintained. Our room had an ocean view, with a very small balcony. The room was large, with space for a couch and a desk with 2 chairs. The hotel provides free calling anywhere in the US, something I have never found anywhere else and free wired internet access. Most higher end properties charge for these services, and I have never stayed in a hotel with free toll calling. There are 2 problems with this hotel--a very small beach and poor soundproofing. We met an elderly lady who was badly sunburned. She said you had to be on the beach by 8:00 am to get an umbrella on the beach. There is a small strip of land and a small deck. If you come down later in the morning, you're basically out of luck, but judging the size of other hotels on waikiki, you're probably out of luck everywhere by that time. However, with a strong tropical sun, unless you're already deeply tanned, you won't be able to spend much time without shade. The water is great, with a sandy shallow area, followed by a deeper dropoff for about 50 yards and then a sandy shallow reef. You can swim or paddle out to the reef on a raft and float around through the waves.Breakfast was great. We really enjoyed eating in the open air restaurant every day when it opened at 6:30.We rented a car, but wasted our money doing so. There is transportation everywhere you would want to go. Parking is valet only for $25 per day. There are plenty of places to rent cars for the day or two you might want to drive somewhere else on the island. We went to the luau at the Sheraton Royal Hawaiian, the Pink Palace next store. It was expensive, but the food was good and the show was great.The only real downside to the hotel was the terrible soundproofing. I am a light sleeper and was awakened twice late at night by the sound of the couple in the next room making whoopee, and by the sound of the guests using their bathrooms at other times in the night. We could also hear muffled conversations in the adjoining rooms in the morning. I have usually found that hotels in this price range are pretty quiet. This one needs some work to cut down on the sound intrusion in the rooms. That said, I would stay here again, but bring soft ear plugs.The restaurants have free music, including a live band on the beach side deck on the weekends, which draws a lively crowd.The bar has a very good happy hour. The bartenders are first rate. Watch out for the Mai Tai. When they warn you about them, take heed. Meal prices on the hotel are good for Waikiki. To save money, go one block over to Kuhio Ave, where the less expensive restaurants are, or take the bus to Ala Moana shopping center, a few blocks away. Also walk up to Kapiolani Park a few blocks toward Diamond Head. We found a little festival on the weekend, with music and local food vendors, including one selling Hawaian food.Yes Waikiki is overdeveloped, crowded and touristy. But swim out to the reef, look toward Diamond Head, and have breakfast on the veranda watching the rainbow through the clouds and the surfers on the reef and you'll know why this you came.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pompeybelle
<Content>Amazing Hawaii       waikiki at sunset  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mommmy
<Content>2 Thumbs up We loved this hotel. It is located right in the middle of everything you would want to do when visiting Waikiki. We were on the 14th floor with a partical ocean front room. The room was large enough and we were very satisfied with all the amenities offered. The free long distance calls and interenet service were a plus. We didn't find it excessively noisy-the walls are a bit thin and you do hear the AC-but we are light sleepers and this didn't bother us a bit. In fact, the beds are so comfortable that we slept like babies each night. They were out of king beds so they put the 2 doubles together to make a HUGE bed-we loved it! We ate at Dukes and the Hula grill-both very good. There are a lot of stores in the hotel-we loved that too. It is hustle and bustle here-but we loved it! If you want a quiet hotel with not a lot going on then don't choose this Outrigger but if you want a hotel with a great beach, plenty to do and very accomodating staff then this is the place for you. We would choose this hotel hands down for our next visit to Oahu.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>RuthB
<Content>Really enjoyed it! My husband, son (19) and I just returned from Honolulu at the end of last week and had gone to Turtle Bay Resort for the first part of the trip and then decided to spend 3 nights in Waikiki at the Outrigger. We really enjoyed ourselves. The service was excellent in the resort as well as in Duke's, the restaurant, on the premises. We ate breakfast there one day, dinner their one night and lunches every day. You couldn't beat the ocean view from Duke's. Our room was a partial ocean view. It was fine except there wasn't a full bathtub--only a half-bath with shower. Everything was very well maintained but could do with a facelift. The lounges around the pool were a little tired and unfortunately there were no umbrellas around the pool if you wanted shade. You would have to rent them on the beach for $50U.S. The location on Waikiki Beach was perfect. Lots to look at in the evenings after dinner--shopping etc. One of the things we appreciated most about the Outrigger was that they gave us a room to shower and get ready for our late flight on our last day. We weren't flying out until 1:30 a.m. and had to check out in the morning so they stored our luggage and when we were ready to shower and leave they gave us a room for 30 minutes to get ready. This was wonderful. Would recommend this resort for those wanting to take in Waikiki Beach!  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Micwa
<Content>Beware the pitfalls ! Yes, location is good if you want central Waikiki, but the following pitfalls would make us stay somewhere else next time:* Walls are paper thin (this is quite true). Could hear conversations next door).* Initial room with adjoining door let in a ridiculous amount of noise.* Rooms on Cheesecake Factory side do get a lot of noise from the outside aircon vents.* Door to room did not have adequate seals (letting in light and noise from outside hallway).* First room had wet patch on carpet in inside hallway.Overall, it is an overpriced hotel that tries to pass itself off as 5 star, which it is not. One should not have to request another room because of all of the above problems when such rooms cost US$250 a night. Location alone is not enough.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Laurem29
<Content>Great place to stay! Just returned from our trip to Hawaii. We decided to stay at the Outrigger after reading reviews from other travelers on various websites. And we're glad we did! The hotel is right on the beach and it's central to everything...There's Duke's beach club right there to get food and drinks while hanging out at the pool or beach. We booked a city view room and had a partial view of the ocean. Our room had 2 full beds and was much larger than my parents room (they had a king). Bathroom and closet space was huge, beds were comfy and we did not hear any noise from other rooms as was reported on other sites...The staff was wonderful and were always willing to offer advice or help when asked. I'd definitely recommend the hotel.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>portnoyd
<Content>Perfect Oahu honeymoon hotel We stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach from April 16th to the 22nd on our honeymoon. This was our first trip to Hawaii. We stayed in an Oceanfront Deluxe Room with Whirlpool Tub.Pros: Insane view and beach location, nice and well done hotel room, ideal Waikiki locationCons: Lot of foot traffic through hotel due to Duke's and Kalakaua Ave, very mediocre room serviceOverall, we see no reason to ever try another hotel in Waikiki, should we (hopefully) return. The Outrigger offers you all you really need out of a Waikiki hotel. First, the room itself was nice, well kept, and in good repair. The whirlpool tub wasa good size. Not huge, but could comfortably fit 2 people in it. (You want a huge one? Portofino Hotel in Redondo Beach, CA -call up and ask for one of those rooms - you won't be disappointed!) The room size is good for two as is thevanity/bathroom area. For some reason, our toilet would periodically partially self-flush itself. Amusing but never a bother.Yes, this room setup is expensive, but being as we were going on our honeymoon, all caution to the wind.As mentioned, we had an oceanfront room and it lived up to its name. It really was something I couldn't get over. This is more of a general comment, as I'm sure you can get the same view from other beachfront hotels. It is worth spending the moneyif you can afford it. With that, be sure to get a room above the 6th or 7th floor. It will help minimize the noise as well asincrease your view. We were on the 8th and it was just right.The staff was friendly and helpful, even though we didn't use them all too often. We went to the activity desk once but decided against scubaing in Oahu. If you like shows, the Society of Seven is there but I couldn't even tell you what it'sabout. We did 1 1/2 days of shopping/Pearl Harbor, then laid worthless on the beach the rest of the time. Amen.Previous reviewers had mentioned the noise in their review, and it's true in some regards. We never heard our neighbors the entire trip, but the music is noticable at night. However, any beachfront hotel in that section is going to fall victim to it, and I find it unlikely any hotel in Waikiki can dodge it - either entertainment or sheer volume from the shops and roads in the area. Remember, you're not coming to Waikiki to completely get away - it's a tourist trap. (But one of the best ones you can experience) Save any one of the other islands for that. Doesn't mean you can't lay on the beach all day, but you won't get the peace of Maui though.Room service was purchased on the first night, and that was the last time we used it. The burgers were near charcoal, few fries, and generally a waste of money. Skip it and run out to ABC or something for provisions if you want to stay in. ABC - no matter where you are in Waikiki, there are least 7 stores in short walking distance. Room service is provided by the Hula Grill, so I would say skip them. We never went to Chuck's, but we did go to Duke's several times.We couldn't figure out what the big deal was. Breakfast was standard; a nice buffet. Lunch was standard. Dinner, however, was disappointing. The menu is quite small, and nonexistent if you don't like or don't feel like eating fish. It's not a bad place, but it certainly is not something you should make a point in visiting. However, if you do like Duke's, you can wait out any seating wait times up in your hotel room, and they'll call you down. A nice touch. You also have Cheesecake Factory right next door if you choose, but keep in mind it's Cheesecake Factory and always mobbed. Other restaurants abound, including every fast food place you can want. I highly recommend the Kalua Pig Quesdillas from the Red Lion Restaurant!We did not rent a car so we cannot speak of valet/parking costs. You basically want to take The Bus everywhere with a cab for more direct stops. The airport, Pearl Harbor, and Ala Moana Center are all we used it for. The zoo and aquarium is only a mile down Kalakaua, and you should make that walk because it has some nice sights.Now, the important part: the beach. It is not incredibly big, but we could see from our view that it was one of the bigger ones on this stretch of Waikiki. One thing that separates it from the other beachfront hotels is apparent early in the day from our view. The Outrigger beach section leads into a coral free part of the ocean that will take you out to the surfing area. If you look at the Sheraton to your left and the big pink eyesore to your right, it's mostly coral a few feet out into the ocean. It's nice to be able to walk out a football field's distance and still be in the water up to your waist.The beach rental costs were standard so be prepared for that added cost. Definitely rent them as your spot will be reserved even if you are gone half the day. The guys in the rental booth may try and pawn their lotions off on you and let me tell you: if you get burned, take the two they offer you. Works miracles. I really thought they would be worthless but the pain relief was astounding (this from the guy who got burned on the second day, and then reburned at least 3 more times... ow). So don't take offense; they are actually selling some useful product.In the morning, be sure to go down a little before 8am and drop some towels on the spot you want, THEN rent your chairs. I learned this the hard way the last day when the last open front spot got taken by some mook and his kids right before me. Also, try and stay to the left and right of the canoe docks, as the catamarans will come and block your view a few times a day if positioning the wrong spot.Other than that, there isn't much more for us to speak of. If you can afford it, it's the right choice for a Waikiki getaway.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>pastyman
<Content>What a view! We stayed here after a cruise on the Pride of Aloha. Our first visit to Hawaii, and what a great hotel to be in! We had stayed there for one night before the cruise, and when we told them we were coming back we were advised to check in early as there was the possibility of room upgrades at special rates. This we did, and upgraded to a full ocean view room complete with jacuzzi. The view from the window was just ocean and beach! Absolutely fantastic. To wake up in the morning with fresh coffee and to watch of the surfers (some of whom must stay out all night!) was an unforgettable experience. As for sitting in the jacuzzi with the same view......!The hotel is well furnished with places to eat. Dukes bar, right on the beach front is very lively. Music with everything, some of it very loud in the evenings. Be warned if you expect a peaceful end to your day! All of the meals we had were excellent, although don't expect to eat economically, either on the purse or on the stomach. There is also a handy little sandwich bar for beach snacks. The staff were all very helpful and eager to ensure that we had everything we needed. It would be hard to see how our stay could have been bettered, and I would be happy to recemmend this hotel to anyone thinking of staying on Waikiki beach..  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>zoe92
<Content>Great Location!         
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>BernvillePa
<Content>Best vacation ever What a great vacation staying at your hotel, staff was very accommodating went out of there way every chance they had.Food was excellent.The room service great .The Society of Seven Show terrific.The Beach fantastic and the most memorable experience was the opportunity to renew our wedding vows on the beach at the outrigger Reef on the beach.Thanks so much for a great vacation looking forward to a return soon.Breidegans in Pennsylvania  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ljinhawaii
<Content>Excellent location! Great beach We stayed at OW from Sunday, April 29 to Wednesday, May 2 after a week long cruise on the Pride of Aloha with Norweigan cruise lines. My husband and I were on our honeymoon. It was our first time to Hawaii. From what I read on the message boards, I think the worst room was given to us, #900. It was not only on the side with the fans from the Cheesecake Factory building, but it was also right beside the service elevator and regular elevators, so we would hear them go up and down all the time. I wanted to switch rooms but my husband said we'd make do because he didn't want to move all of our things again. It was a really nice size room. We did have a partial view of the ocean and a nice balcony (just had to ignore the fans a few floors below and across the way). We got some great night time shots there of the streets and buildings below, so that was good. One problem we did encounter was the awful squeak of the service elevator hallway door. It drove me nuts and I wore my earplugs the first night. I wrote on their comment card the next day what they could do to make my stay better was to oil the squeaky door hinges. The next day it was done! No more squeaking so I was mighty impressed by that. I was also impressed with the free long distance to the U.S. and Canada (yes we're from Canada and it was absolutely free from Hawaii no hidden charges) and the internet was free, although slow at times. We brought our own laptop. We also got postcards in our package from the front desk and they said they would mail them anywhere in the world. So I took advantage of that too and mailed my grandmother back home (good for people who are not on the internet). Yes the walls are thin, but I haven't been to many busy hotels where I haven't heard noise from people next door. Having a fridge was great too. We bought bottles of wine from the store downstairs and fit nicely.The main pluses of this hotel are the view, it's proximity to the wonderful beach and also Diamond head (So pretty at sunset). We hiked from the hotel to the summit on our last day. It was a long walk all uphill. Took about 2 hours to get to the crater. We took the bus back which runs every half hour or so from the base (We'd had enough exercise). You can also take the city bus from Kuhio St one block over and pay $2 to go to the Dole Plantation or the north shore. It's a long ride 1 1/2 to 2 hours, but it saves so much money. You can get a bus map from the ABC store. You can snorkel just around the backyard of the hotel and see many different fish. One guy I talked to even saw giant sea turtles there the day before. We went to the International marketplace across the street many times. Great place for souvenirs. ABC Stores have the best prices for Mauna Loa macadamia nuts. All in all it is a great place to go. Keep in mind that Waikiki is a busy city. Not a relaxing, peaceful place for vacation.We recommend it, but request a room away from the fans if noise bothers you.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>OceanB333
<Content>Great Beach Front, Slightly Over-priced       Catamaran in front of Outrigger  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>cdar
<Content>Perfect Location The location is perfect, IF you want to be in the center of the action. You're only steps from shopping, restaurants, entertainment, and the beach. My husband and I were travelling with our two teenaged girls. We had a lovely 4th floor city view room on the diamond head side; we could see the ocean as well as the guests in the hotel next door. The room had two double beds (small) and a hide a bed. While there was enough room when you were just hanging out, it did get a bit crowded when we were getting ready to go out. The walk-in closet/dressing area included the vanity and sink , a sliding door seperated the toilet and shower (the tub was maybe 2 ft x 2 ft). My husband and I have no trouble sharing this area; however the teenages did; and went one at a time. Our vacation had started off at Turtle Bay, which was a beautiful large room and dressing area, and view. The Outrigger just does not compare. I expect I would have loved the Sheraton next door; but not the price! Therefore the Outrigger does win out! We alternated beach days and activity days. Days on the beach included surf lessons on the left side of the hotel, there were also ones to the right. We chose semi-private lessons which worked out very well. Loved the catamaran sail that left from the Outrigger Reef ($10 off coupon in the book they give you on check in., as well as coupons for some of the stores close to the hotel). We rented a car from Hertz just accross the street on the days we did activities. Budget located there too. It was cheaper for our family to rent a car than to go on a orgaized tour and it gave us the freedom to move on when we felt like it, stop whenever for lunch or a view. Our girls loved the Royal Swim at Sea Life Park, ear to ear grins on all participants in that program. We went very early to Hanama Bay, but the water was not very clear. We chose the late day admission and show package at the Polynesian Cultural Center; this was in the brochure I picked up at the airport. We did this out of Turtle Bay; and it was enough time for our family. We enjoyed all our meals. Most mornings we had a large breakfast and only needed an early evening meal. Favorites were breakfast at Duke's, another morning we went to the Pink Palace (the experience, view, and service alone was worth the slightly higher price, if you can do it liesurely, the girls ordered hot chocoate and it came in individal teapots and a bowl of whipped cream). The Cheesecake Factory has fantastic food and there is a lot of it; most of the time we saw people waiting to get in. The California Pizza Kitchen across the street has wonderful thin crust pizza's, reasonably priced, however the balcony view is of the construction going on at the Royal Hawaiin Shopping Center! (Not much open in there yet). There is also one at the AlaMoana shopping center. While the girls watched an inroom movie my husband and I went to the Moana beach bar for a drink and appetizer. Lovely view and a local band. It's much quieter than Duke's. The worst thing about the Outrigger is the noise. At times I just wanted some quiet. We could hear the bands outside, the music was Duke's was pleasant, however one of the street buskers was just a pounding on a drum with very little rythum which seemed to go on for hours. Attempts to drown it out by turning on the fan in the room helped, you had to keep turning it on again and again as it must be on a timer. Fortunately we were from an earlier time zone and we up early every day to take advantage of the daylight hours, because you can hear everyone flushing toilets, showering, baby crying several doors down. At certain times of days, the elevator wait was long. We gave up and took the stairs from the 4th floor. You either chose the ones that took you to the beach (lower stairs are creepy, we met an uncomfortable lady who was glad to see us, because its still a couple more flights down than your floor number; or another set that opened to the lobby level.) The staff were wonderful at all times; always an Aloha in the hallways. The Waikiki Beach Walk is still in the works, but it doesn't look like much more than more hotels, restaurants, and more shopping. Some stores repeat themselves every few blocks or have similar stock (not Just ABC!, and ABC was not open at 7am when I desperately needed a second coffee to go!). I kept seeing the same bathing suits, flip flops over and over. Stores are everywhere, many upscale ones and some fun ones in the International Market Place and they are open very late. Macy's was open till 11pm every night including Easter Sunday. We had lots of luggage and the hotel just made sure we got one of the large van type taxi's to take us back to the airport. We didn't have to pre-book or anything. But the taxi only took cash, and we are very dependent upon credit cards. So there went the rest of the US cash, but the food places at the airport take credit cards so all was good. We would definately consider staying at the Outrigger again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>belmontcat
<Content>A Room with a View       View from the Outrigger of the beach and the Royal Hawaiin next door  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Jackman1
<Content>Heart of it all Hotel gets an excellent because of location. Rooms are well appointed but on the small side. We had an oceanfront room which was great-you can listen to the waves at night and nice balcony. Hotel still has smoking on the 16th floor rooms but will end in the near future. We were on the 14th floor and did get some cigarette fumes through the bathroom vents-not a deal breaker. Nice pool area, Dukes restaurant was fun and good food-ask for a table by the 'rail' for waterview dining. Parking is $25 a day so you know. Did the outrigger canoe-fun-fun and drove around the island hitting Diamond Head-climb is not for the elderly about 1/2 hr up and 1/2 hr back. Hanauma Bay-great snorkling-get there early by 9am!!closed Tuesday...Pali point great view and the NorthShore some monster waves and nice beach time and funky restaurant in a quanset hut about 5 minutes before the Banzai pipeline beach. Hotel is a solid 4 stars but add one for location-shops-restaurants and the big city right out the front door  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MyBestTripEver
<Content>Very Nice Place We stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki for 7 nights while on our honeymoon. I had read all the reviews for months in advance about different hotels including this one just because I wanted the trip to go well for our first experience to Hawaii. We had a city view room but it still had a nice view of the ocean. The room is good enough, the bed was smaller than I had expected, but honestly we were only there late at night. You can hear your neighbors but it was no different than apartments I have lived in with shared walls. If you have extra wild neighbors they will keep you up. The only thing we really heard was a toilet flush every so often.  The bathroom is okay, that's where the fridge was for us, under the sink. The shower is tiny, not much fun for two, it's basically 1/3rd of a bath, if you can call it a bath. We had a couch in our room and a decent balcony facing the ocean. It was never crowded in the hotel and I was surprised that we didn't have to wait for check-in.  We never had to wait for the elevators for more than 30 seconds. The staff were very nice especially since we had to leave our luggage at the hotel since our flight out was very late. We didn't eat at the hotel. It's hawaii and we didn't want to eat where we were staying, we wanted to see more of Waikiki. Dukes is right there with a nice view and seemed very popular. We didn't play in the pool. Why travel across the world and play in the pool and not the ocean?  The best thing about the hotel was the location. Very easy access to the beach, ocean and shopping. The beach is crowded but there is always space to relax. The hotel is in the middle of the action and everything is close.  We really didn't spend a lot of food. It was actually a lot cheaper than I had planned at the start of the trip. If you want to spend a lot of money you can, if you want to save a little you can as well. There are lots of little shops and businesses and smaller restaurants that don't cost a fortune. Every single restaurant that I'm used to seeing here in my hometown is also with-in a few blocks of the hotel. Honestly we just grabbed bagels, yogurt and fruit in the morning as we headed out on a tour or to the beach. Plus you have ABC convenience stores about every 30 feet that have all the basics. We mainly ate at luau's or even a few homes of the hawaiin's who invited us to dinner one night which was fun! We never rented a car the whole time and we were really glad. Waikiki is a busy place and we used buses to get to tours and travel the island. We had tours set up and the bus was included in the travel. We caught those just a block away behind the Hyatt hotel when we went to the North Shore, Polynesian Cultural Center, and Snorkling or to the Luau's. We took the city bus when we hiked Diamond Head. You can go anywhere on the bus for just $2 which is nice. I wouldn't recommend traveling to the North Shore this way, but if you just want to go a few miles or less in Waikiki then it's better than driving. Just get a bus map from the activities desk and it has all the routes listed and what buses to take. We really got to enjoy a lot of activities. We toured the whole island from top to bottom and loved it. We just planned one fun thing a day and lined it up the day we got there and had our tickets for everything. We went on the tour, shows, or snorkling in the morning and then had the afternoons to lay out, shop or just relax. But do things quick or you will miss out and waste your time there. The stuff we really enjoyed were Captain Bob's Snorkling and the luau's. They only take 40 people a day on a catamaran for Captain bob's and go to a sand bar where you can practice your skills or play volleyball in the ocean. Then you have a BBQ and set out to a reef. It was so much fun and my wife took some fish food and we were surrounded by tons of fish, it was impressive and a lot of fun. We also enjoyed Germaine's Luau. It was a good show and the food wasn't bad either. You should also play on another beach like the North Shore or another part of the island, if you don't leave Waikiki you will be missing out!  The weather was perfect. 82 for a high and 70 at night. I traveled home with shorts and sandals and arrived back to snow on the ground!  Sorry there aren't photos, we took a ton, but we're just married and life is hectic and photos are last on the list to get done right now.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>wanderlust24CO
<Content>The Good, The Bad, and The Ugly       Aoki's Shaved Ice in Hale'iwa  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>lknight26
<Content>Wonderful Stay!!!!!       City view  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Toyan
<Content>One of the best hotels       Sunset at our lanai  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AussieSair
<Content>Awesome hotel!       sunset from the balcony  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>momama
<Content>Outrigger Worth Every Penny       View of pool from Duke's  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>eakwave1
<Content>Ruined my Honeymoon!! Where to start? We arrived in Honolulu Thursday 3/15/07 to prepare for our Sunday wedding. We stayed at the Hilton Hawaiian Village with no issues. That night I called the Outrigger Waikiki on the beach to confirm our request for a king bed and partial ocean view. The first time I called the operator accidentally hung up on me. The second call I was transferred to nowhere and the line rang for minutes. The third call, I was told quite rudely that my reservation had been canceled. The hotel refused to give me any more information and said I had to deal with the booking agency. It took two days to sort out, and instead of enjoying all the festivities leading up to the wedding I spent the time worrying about where we'd stay for the honeymoon. It turns out the hotel had my first and last names switched, and I had proof that it was booked correctly.When we arrived at the hotel, the staff was cold and unwelcoming. Our room was wrong, as they had given us two double beds instead of the king we had requested months ago. We were supposed to have chilled champagne and treats waiting for us in the room and that didn't happen either. When I contacted the hotel the woman I spoke to argued with me about what came with my package. I had all the correct paperwork and was perfectly willing to show here, but she said fine! and slammed sown the phone. It was in the room waiting for us when we got back from dinner- warm, with no treats. The room smelled old and dingy. The furniture was dusty and by the look of the bathroom we were happy that we brought Clorox wipes. We were on a low floor and our balcony door didn鈥檛 lock, so we had to lock up all our belongings well anytime we left the room and hoped the bags would be there when we got back. And no, the hotel did not do anything to help us with this one either.The walls are very, very thin. We were woken up every morning by 6 AM by doors slamming, children running around, and adults talking. The first morning at 5 AM a school-aged boy was screaming so loud and painfully we called security because we were scared. It turns out that nothing was wrong and he did that a lot. That was for the first two days. The second two days had another family next to us with a bunch of kids crowded into the room. We could hear everything. We kept our privacy please sign on the door at all times when we were in the room, but housekeeping still knocked and woke us up. They did not take care to keep their voices down, even when they started at 8AM. I travel a lot, and this is the loudest hotel I've ever been in!!The room was booked under my maiden name, but we gave specific instructions when we checked in about our married name. The morning newsletter said welcome Mr. and Mrs. 'Maiden Name'! I was crushed because I wanted this for my scrapbook. I asked for them to change it and add it to the next morning's flyer. They complied, but were not nice about it.The first morning after the first night I went down to speak to the manager. We were exhausted and not enjoying our honeymoon at all, due solely to the Outrigger. I spoke to the Guest Services Manager, Brian, who looked and acted like he could not have cared less. He stared blankly at me while I explained our situation. He offered to move us, but could not accommodate our special needs (king bed, at least partial ocean view). I told him I wanted Outrigger to make a gesture to show that they appreciate our business and care that our honeymoon was being ruined. Even after telling him we like to sleep in and stay out late, he said the best he could do was breakfast coupons. I'm not complaining about getting something for free, but I wondered if he had heard anything I had said about sleeping in. In order to use the coupons we had to get up early. Good thing our thin walls helped us make it on time.There were other issues as the weeks progressed that I won't add, but the worst part is that I wanted to speak to another manager and never got the chance. I called and went to the front desk every day and the answer was always he's in a meeting or I'll have him call you. He (or she) never called and apparently is still in the meeting. Right before we left the hotel for the airport my new husband tried again. He had about as much luck as I did, but he was promised a personal letter of apology for all we experienced. I we do not receive that letter of apology we will report this hotel to the Better Business Bureau.The big picture of this hotel is very thin walls, unaccommodating staff, overcrowded with kids, and being told no everywhere you turn. I will never go back to this hotel, much less any Outrigger. We stayed also stayed at the Hilton Hawaiian Village and the JW Marriott Ihilani on this trip and had no issues whatsoever.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>jas179
<Content>Great but No Smoking The hotel was great, but has gone no smoking except for the 16th floor which will go no smoking next month. If being able to smoke in your room is important to you, I suggest you contact the hotel by phone and inquire about it. Apparently many hotels in Waikiki have gone no smoking after Hawaii passed the no smoking law. I was able toupgrade to an ocean view on the 16th floor and was able to smoke there but that is soon to change.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>azogal
<Content>Nice location, clean room       Sunset at Paradise Cove  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>escape_the_cold
<Content>Great location on Waikiki!       view of ocean from lanai  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>murphster
<Content>Would not stay anywhere else! My wife and I stayed here at the start of February for 14 nights as 1st time Hawaiin's. From the day we left we wanted to plan our next trip. Great location, right in the middle of everything and we found the staff to be a breath of fresh air and what a view. We stayed in an Ocean Front room and to be honest, the view of the beach below and the beautiful sunsets were amazing and pretty important. Cannot comment on other room categories, but I suppose you get what you pay for.The food at either restaurant was great and breakfast buffet was superb. Recommendation - Ask for a room above the 6th floor (noise from the bars below) and stay in an ocean view or Ocean Front Room.We loved it!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Susan85213
<Content>Wonderful hotel!       view from our  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Boy_Scout
<Content>Great Beach Hotel       Outrigger Waikiki from the beach  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PamelaOttawa
<Content>GREAT service and hotel Stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach for one night before returning back to Ottawa, Canada and we were thoroughly impressed with the service.Our flight wasn't leaving until 9:30pm and had to check out by noon. They kept our bags in a secure area and allowed us to use a curtousy room to shower whenever we wanted before leaving for the airport. Somone was taking too long in a previously assigned room therefore they provided us with another room. With free calls to anywhere in Canada (and U.S), it was hard to beat! (although we spent our time on the beach and not on the phone). I would definetly recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Honolulu. You may wish to ask for the side that isn't right above the construction.Pamela  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Bodono
<Content>Highly Recommend, wife and I loved it!       beach at sunrise  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>geoffdi
<Content>Very noisy !!! We stayed in adjoining rooms on the Cheesecake Factory side of this property. We had read in reviews that this was very noisy and we thoroughly agree!! Constant noise from the aircon/vents on the roof below and also from other rooms. The walls are paper thin and even though the whole hotel is smoke-free our room  bedding had quite a smoky smell from previous occupants. But the position is great and the valets were great bringing the car, very obliging. We would stay again but insist on a room on the other side.Also the minding of chairs around the pool is ridiculous, people are there at sunrise putting their towels and books on a chair before disappearing for hours. It should be much better policed by the pool attendants.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>LibertyNH
<Content>Perfect Choice For Our Family This was our first trip to Hawaii and we brought older teens. The location was perfect for our group. It is right in the center of the most vibrant tourist area we have ever seen and you can grab a towel by the pool and step straight into the ocean off the gorgeous and well kept beach. In this case the advertising is correct it is on the beach, albeit a sometimes bit narrow and crowded one. The overall location was a dream we couldn鈥檛 possibly sample all of the food and activities that were only steps or a short ride away. The budget priced 鈥淐ity View鈥?room even had a nice little view of the water and was well equipped and perfectly maintained. The staff never waited for a tip so I sometimes forgot though they always deserved one. Some of us got embarrassingly ill following an inter island trip and they gave us every kindness and consideration. The breakfast options in the hotel were excellent. We didn鈥檛 stick around much for lunch and dinner. Being from a quiet area it was a true vacation for us to be right in the center of the action. We did some of our shopping right on the first floor and the rest within walking distance. My only complaint is ironic as we only considered this trip when offered room discounts for timeshare viewing which we never received and darned if they didn鈥檛 have a fake Activities Coordinator trying to set us up again right in the lobby. Oh yeah and the free 鈥榖reakfast orientations鈥?(ours was from expedia) are a way to steal some of your hard earned vacation so someone can trap you into a timeshare sales presentation. My apologies to all of the nice people in that business.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Barb4boys
<Content>Great Location       Our son surfing Waikiki  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>debphoto
<Content>Nice place, just don't throw a party!       You can NOT take photos!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>dashadam
<Content>Excellent location        View from theRoom  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Adventure Spirit
<Content>Fantastic Hotel / Fantastic Island I can not say enough about this hotel, my wife and I were celebrating our 25th anniversary and our vacation began here.The staff and facilities were first rate. From the time you walk in the door your experience begins. The restaurants on site were great, Dukes is the happening place for night life and the Hula Grill has the best pineapple and coconut pancakes. The beach is great, right out back. FYI, you can rent a cabana and lounges all day for only $40.00 right from the hotel. It was great to come and go as you please and still have a spot saved. Everything is in walking distance, shops, restaurants, area transportation -- this hotel is in the middle of everything. Make sure to take a tour of the island, we booked an all day trip around the island with Discover Hawaii Tours and let me tell you, it's a once in a lifetime experience. Don't worry about the weather,when we were there they said it was the worst they had in years, but coming from Michigan to be in flip flops and shorts in January, it can't get any better! Aloha.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rustysmom
<Content>Loved the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach! We stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach Jan 24-27, 2007 and had a great time. We booked through Entertainment, calling outrigger directly and got a great rate of $180 per night. We just had to show our Entertainment card at check-in. Our room had a partial ocean view and was on the 12th floor. Although we were close to the elevator, you couldn't hear a thing (and I'm a light sleeper). The room was very clean and had modern appointments. Also, the outrigger policy of free high speed internet and free mainland phone calls home is great. We were able to let everyone know that we had arrived in Hawaii safely. We ate in 2 of the hotels several restaurants, Duke's and the Hula Grill. I had booked a table on the rail for the first night we were there and we had stellar views of the sunset over the water and of Diamond Head at Duke's. We also had a great table at the Hula Grill, where the food was better than at Duke's. Outrigger included free coupons for complimentary salad and dessert at the Hula Grill at our check-in. The location of the hotel is great, right in the heart of everything. If you want to be on Waikiki Beach, which is incredibly busy, this is the place. We stayed at a second Outrigger property on Maui, the Palms at Wailea, a condo which was also nice, but it didn't have the outrigger policies (free calls, free internet, etc.).  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LIBeachBum
<Content>Perfect Place on Waikiki We spent the first part of our honeymoon at the Outrigger and absolutely loved it. It's in the center of the strip so there are endless restaurants and bars to choose from within walking distance (don't let anyone talk you into renting a car, you'll never use it). We spent a lot of time in the restaurant located in the hotel called Duke's. The food is excellent and the bar is within easy walking distance to the beach. Unfortunately there is no drinking on the beach itself so you'll have to keep those Mai Tai's and Pina Colada's at the bar. As far as the food goes, we didn't have a bad meal once. They have a great buffet for breakfast and the usual lunch/dinner choices.The room was very nice but needed to be updated. We didn't spend all that much time in the room so it didn't really matter to us. The view, on the other hand, was perfect. We had a great view of the Pacific and a view of the street all from our balcony.When going to the beach I'd suggest waking up early and reserving your chairs and umbrellas. The hotel offers them right outside for a reasonable price. They go quickly though so make your claim early otherwise you'll be sitting in the sand.If your package includes an introduction to the islands where you can sign up for different things make sure to go. The hotel made it extremely easy to sign up for helicopter tours, luaus, bike rides down the volcano and numerous other activites. I highly recommend spending the first morning setting all of it up. They can sign you up for activites on other islands as well.The hotel is located right across from the International Marketplace which is a great spot to do some shopping. There's also a little bar/restaurant in there called Coconut Willie's which has some great bands to check out.All in all, I loved the Outrigger but Waikiki in general was a bit too crowded. If you're going to Hawaii make sure to visit more than just Oahu. You'll be missing out if you don't.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sun-Kissed26
<Content>Perfect for our Honeymoon My husband and I stayed here during our honeymoon in August 2006 for 3 nights before we headed to the mainland and we loved it!We were booked into a city saver room, which wasn't too pricey, but still gave us a great view of the ocean.We had dinner at dukes on our first night (and although the wait was long- 1 hour), the food was delicious and the atmosphere was buzzing!The hotel is well located- right next to cheesecake factory, and across from the international market place.We'll definitely be coming back this year for our anniversary.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Indie43
<Content>Never again we only stayed here one night but this place almost ruined our stopover from Oz to Canada. The staff on the front desk were rude and uncommunicative while we waited hours for our room to be ready. Paper thin walls and kids next door trying to get into our room by opening the interconnecting door (no they weren't our kids). Definitely no spirit of aloha here, more like a big city hotel that was slightly out of control - between the rude staff and the noise and the hordes of people drinking and partying definitely not my scene. That said might be a great place for 21 year olds, definitely not the place to relax on a stopover if you like to sleep. Needless to say we did not stay here on our return.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	1	4	-1	

<Author>travelgirlLA
<Content>romantic valentines hawaii trip My boyfriend and I went to Honolulu last year during the Pro Bowl/Valentine's Day weekend, and spent our last two nights at the outrigger waikiki on the beach. For the price, the location was amazing! We were within walking distance to so many restaurants, bars, and shops and just two steps away from the beach. My favorite amenity was the beach concierge. We also went to Duke's. Didn't have any entrees there, but the drinks and appetizers were really great.The only problem I had was that I am afraid of heights, and the only room they were able to put us in was on the 17th floor. We were supposed to have an oceanfront room but I guess there was some hot shot VIP they had to bump us for so we got shafted with a partial ocean view on a high floor.I would return again and hopefully try more of the hotel's food. The staff was really pleasant and tried to accomodate us to their fullest extent.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>janelle12
<Content>WOW what a place to stay My family and I stayed here from27/12/06-15/1/07 Fantastic place, Staff was friendly and we were up graded without asking toan ocean front room, we needed the space so this worked wellWill be staying here again, the other hotels don't have the position for the price.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Texan_Family
<Content>Good value We just came back from a weeklong stay at this hotel. Overall, we were pleased with the Outrigger. We booked on Priceline for $190 a night. The room was big and clean and the staff was friendly. We were on the 7th floor on the Cheesecake Factory side. The fans were pretty ugly, but the noise was not an issue for us. Also, we could see the beach from our room. There were lots of amenities included for no extra charge such as a small refrigerator, safe, high speed Internet, and long distance to the US and Canada (good for us since we have lots of family in Canada). We rented a car and parking was expensive ($25 a day for valet and no self-parking available). We ate at Duke鈥檚, Hula Grill, and Chuck鈥檚. All were very good, and we thought the prices were reasonable for a beachfront hotel in Honolulu. On the down side, the walls did seem pretty thin, but this didn鈥檛 cause too much of a problem. The pool is small and the beach area behind the hotel is pretty narrow. Last time we were in Honolulu we stayed at the Hilton Hawaiian Village, which was definitely more of a luxury hotel with a big beautiful pool area and wide beach. However, I felt like the Outrigger was good value for the price we paid. I would stay here again if the price was right.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Netters
<Content>Great Stay Just returned from a great stay at Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach. We went to relax and that's what we did. I read many of reviews before booking this hotel and I'm glad that I did. When booking....(all hotels in Waikiki ) be sure to ask about construction. There is a lot and many hotels will not let you know unless you ask. The Outrigger was in the perfect spot and no construction. We rented the deluxe beach package every morning at 8:00am at the beach rental cabana. This costs $40.00 and includes two lounge chairs and an umbrella from 8:00 to 5:00pm. You can come and go all day. We were right on the ocean in the front row and it was well worth the money for the reserved space and location. We ate at Dukes, Chuck's Steakhouse, and the Hula Grill. Dukes bar was fun and the food was good. Chuck's was fairly average for the price. Hula Grill was incredible. It has great island decor and a limited menu but terrific food. Be sure to order the crab won tons and the shrimp scampi...they are excellent. There is also a small hidden deli to the far back left of the pool. It is down the walk and near the laundry. Great sandwiches for $5.00-$6.00. We found this and grabbed lunch at the hidden deli and ate on the beach. The food was great and we saved money so we could go for a nice dinner. We really loved the Outrigger. Excellent service and great location. I highly recommend this hotel!!!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Regular_US_Visitor
<Content>What a great Hotel       Pool  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hjhildo
<Content>Wonderful experience! The staff was wonderful. Very clean! You can call home for NOTHING on their phone whenever. They supply the postcards and postage. Very polite staff. Feel secure in the hotel. Center of attractions. Easy to get anywhere just ask for assistance. Beach is in back yard and beautiful. Can take surfing lessons, highly recommend no matter what age! I'm 49 and loved it. Took outrigger ride. Loved it. Reasonable. Sunsets are WOW! I had the cheapest room in the hotel and still had a beautiful view of the beach and Diamond Head volcano and the city. Always something to see. Can get a bus to almost anywhere for a reasonable price. Many excursions around the whole island from the hotel or very nearby. Oh, also a newspaper at your door when you get up every morning. Beds were very comfortable. Highly recommend. Also two boats come up on your beach to take you on a sunset sail or whenever. You never have to leave the hotel!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FingerLakes
<Content>Nice but crowded       Beach  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>Butterflykiss
<Content>Wonderful time Stayed at Outrigger Waikiki Dec 28 - Dec 31....Deluxe 1 bedroom suite. Stunnign view of beach and Diamond head. We were amazed at how fast they get you and your luggage out of the car and check in was not even a 5 minute wait.Room was large, clean and comfortable. All the staff we encountered we very friendly and welcomingOur original plane was cancelled becauseof weather and they were very responsive in working with our new dates. I could not have asked for more.Beach wasn't too bad during the week but the weekend was extrenely busy for space.Dukes had a good breakfast. Wasn't to happy with the camera place downstair to develope film thought the gaged it dark so I would upload pictures at night from computer to Ritz in the Sheraton next store and pick them up later. Photo Album was complete before arriving home.Would highly recommend.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stacy13
<Content>loved the outrigger my husband and i stayed at the outrigger waikikki on the beach ln feb 2006 we had a super saver room but we had no complaints this hotel is gorgeous and is home to dukes canoe club great food!! the rooms are kept extremley clean and the maids are the friendliest i have ever seen. our room was just what we needed not to big and not to small with a wonderful little lanai which had a partial ocean view and city view beautiful at night!! I would reccomend this hotel to everyone that is going there. my husband an i renewed our wedding vows on the beach at there sister hotel just a block away from this hotel and we recieved a beautiful certificate that was signed by the hawaiian priest what a beautiful ceremony and it was complimentary!! If you go you will never want to go home!!!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mosier
<Content>Not as great as expected We stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki from December 13 through December 18th. We reserved 2 City View Rooms and had 1 child, 1 teenager, 1 senior and 2 adults staying here. I would not recommend it. I saw none of the Aloha spirit that I read in the guidebooks. We were not made to feel that welcome. The person who checked us in was not very friendly and was on the phone most of the time while he checked us in. One room was painfully smaller than the other room and it was hard to get any hot water. My friend who stayed there had much larger rooms, not sure how they pick and choose who stays in what room. The complaints about the slow elevators are true! They have 1 set of 3 elevators and if it was any busier during our stay we would have had difficulty getting one. It was very apparent on our last day when the busy Christmas rush was just arriving. Also, the walls ARE paper thin. Staff are not welcoming or helpful.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>HawaiiKelownaB.C.
<Content>Great resort       Hotel View  
<Date>Dec 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Towknee_P
<Content>Awesome Place to Stay       Our spot on the beach everyday  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>joan1
<Content>Perfect choice! Well, after reading many reviews on this site( and others) we decided to stay at the Outrigger on the Beach, from Nov. 24- Dec2. We wanted beach front, good location, nice clean rooms , restaurant choices and a nice view. All that for less then 200 dollars a night. We got it at the Outrigger on the Beach. We paid 198. and got breakfast thrown in also. Great deal, the breakfast buffet was definately excellant, made on the spot omelettes, fresh fruit, yogurts, granola, fresh baked goods, french toast( very good) waffles with warm strawberry syrup( filled with strawberries!) bacon, sausages( two kinds) eggs, eggs benedicts, etc, etc, . We had breakfast there 7 days in a row and never got bored!We had room 1220, which we loved, not ocean front, but full ocean view, it was clean, had two double beds, and a sofa, plus a desk and a decent sized bathroom( only a half tub though, but we never use the tub on vacation, just shower) Mini fridge, iron and board, hair dryer, and safe (free) all in room also. Lots of closet space. We recomment staying on a higher floor just to avoid any noise , we think anthing about 8 or 9 would be fine. We requested and got, a room facing Diamond head, thank goodness as the rooms on the other side get awful noise from a roof fan on the Cheescake Factory. We could leave our door open at night and hear the waves crashing! Dukes which is the restaurant/ bar downstairs is great. Best price out of all the beach bars  for evening cocktails ( we checked, $9 for a Mai Tai at the Pink Palace, $8 at Sheraton, and 8 at Shorebird. )Food is good too!Dinner at Dukes has best salad bar around, we ate at the Shorebird ( at the Outrigger Reef) one night and were highly dissappointed! Highly recommend the Shrimp Scampi( tons of HUGE shrimps)  Staff at hotel were very pleasant, maid was effiecent, but, if you are the type who wants your sheets changed daily , you have to request that, there is a card you leave on your pillow that indicates that. Extra towels no problem! Pool is small and salt water, but, has the best location on the beach for lounging, get there EARLY and reserve a lounge on the top deck overlooking the beach, it is heaven! Ice water provied, bar service after 12( food also) and as many fresh towels as you want all day! Only negatives about stay were in regards to Waikiki in general, it is crowded, but, for us that energy is fun, some might not like it. I do recommend this location for number one convienence to everything, and after checking prices for all the other beach fronts the Outrigger on the Beach is the least exspensive for a WATERVIEW room( not a construction site room deal like some other hotels may offer you!) We found elevators to be quick enough, and have no idea what some posters though about the waits for them, we never encoutered more then a few minutes, which is normal we think .  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mrshb97
<Content>Loved It!!  We loved our stay!! We were there during the earthquake.The service the hotel provided us was wonderful when we were without power. They provided free sandwiches to all the hotel guests when there was no power in the city.We were on the 16th floor and had an ocean front room.. I would recommend spending the extra $$ and get an ocean front room. There is a great little sandwich shop right off the main lobby. The staff were really helpful, and the upkeep of the hotel was beautiful. We used the excercise room in the later morning or evening to avoid a crowd. I would recommend going down and renting and umbrella and some chairs if you are going to be on the beach during the day. We got out there around 8 when it opened and got the pick of where we wanted it set up. Then you can come and go all day long with out worring about your beach space being saved.Our room included the free breakfast buffet. It had such a great variety that you could fill up on a big breakfast and then either some fruit or a light lunch.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Shi Hu
<Content>oh, the sunsets! In Nov. the sunsets on Waikiki at 5:30 and you do want to be on the beach to see this lovely sight with the sail boats off in the distance.This hotel is in a fine location, but there are several other hotels on this strip of beach we would consider on our next visit. The rooms and bathrooms are of adequate size and well maintained by a friendly maid staff. The hotel and restaurant staffs are very attentive and accommodating. Unfortunately, by 8:30 AM, most poolside lounge chairs have been reserved. This is unacceptable. By the late afternoon, however, one can find a chair to enjoy those fab sunsets and the lovely, warm water of the beach. The room noise was an issue for us, the irritable, crabby kid in the next room and the flushing of the toilets. Some sound-proofing would have been a good investment. I chuckle when I read location, location, as there are other choices in excetllent locations.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>pompom616
<Content>Lots of problems Stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki from Nov 11-18. We had a great overall trip but had lots of problems with the hotel, Room 727 Oceanfront:1st 鈥?A/C didn鈥檛 shut of the first night, needed a new thermostat2nd 鈥?Housekeeping shut off our refrigerator and food went bad3rd 鈥?1 of the 3 elevators were not working most of the days we were there. It took over 15 minutes to get up to our room on the 7th floor.4th 鈥?They cleaned the carpets in our room while we were checked in, never heard of any hotel doing a deep cleaning while room was occupied.5th 鈥?They were re-sealing the bathtubs in some of the rooms. One of them happened to be the room right next to ours. Our room filled up with a horrible smell that made us sick. We couldn鈥檛 breathe in our room even with the balcony door opened. This is when we called the front desk and told them we had enough. We had only been there for 3 days and all of this happened. We told them they needed to change our room right away because we were getting sick from the smell. They said they would call right back which they didn鈥檛 we waited about 10 minutes and had to call them back. They told us they found us a room on the 14th floor, same category. We told them they needed to send up a bellman to help us move. About 5 minutes later a manager called us and told us she was moving us to a different room because the room on the 14th floor also had the same smell. They did upgrade us to a 1 bedroom suite on the 3rd floor. We were happy that at least they did realize they made several mistakes. In all fairness my Mother and Sister also stayed in the hotel and didn鈥檛 have any of these problems except of course for the elevators. The other problem that we encountered was that the staff never really listened to us. When we told them about the A/C in our room she asked us what we wanted them to do about it. We had to actually tell them they needed to replace the thermostat. We called to tell them we would be out of the room from 8-3 so they could clean the carpets they asked if we wanted them to clean them after 3!!! One night we called for turn down service and said we would be leaving the room in 15 minutes, they sent someone there right away. The hotel is in a great location but they really don鈥檛 seem to know how to run a big hotel. I would not stay there again. I would try the Sheraton Moana Surfrider which is right next store.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>BWeed
<Content>Excellent time       Duke's below the Hula Grill  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Khyron
<Content>Great once again! Can't beat the Outrigger.       Sunset from our lanai at Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>schnipke05
<Content>Great for Honeymooners This hotel/condo is absolutely amazing. It was a little small, but it was great. The maids were usually late in cleaning the rooms, but who cares when you are in Hawaii!The location is excellent. You are right near a TGI Friday's and a local mini mart to buy groceries so you don't spend a fortune in going out to eat.The driving is crazy and it gets very crowded, but most everything to do is within walking distance. The only time we drove was to get to the other side of the island to see the other beaches and to go back to the airport. This place is great not only for honeymooners, but for families too! We would suggest going here to anybody. We will definitely come back in the future. This is a great island!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>banksfolsom
<Content>Location Location Location Location Location Location just about says it all for this hotel property. The hotel is located directly on the beach and the major shopping strip in Waikiki. Duke's is one of the great ambiance restaurants in the United States, with incredible views, great atmosphere, good food, and music. Chuck's Steak House is also a nice restaurant on the second floor of the hotel. The rooms are nice, decent size with the exception of the bathroom, which is on the small side. Service at Duke's is excellent, with many friendly staff. Hotel service is ok. Could use of few more people at the Concierge Desk as this is such a large hotel. Overall, a very good experience for Waikiki.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>beedybo
<Content>Terrific Experience       our bedroom  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KamloopsTrekker
<Content>Special place Arrived the first week of October 2006. We were immediately taken with the friendliness of the hotel from the bell people to the registration desk.The lobby was lovely and Hula's Grill has the Best Breakfast on Waikiki!!The rooms were very nicely decorated and felt secure. The safes were free and local phone calls were free.The concierge were very friendly and helpful as well as the tour booking staff.The lanaie was small.The general decor of the whole hotel was lovely.Housekeeping staff seemed really happy to be working there and responded to all our requests quickly, even late at night.Had a great time while we were there and would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>studiorack
<Content>Loved my stay Stayed here as the first leg of my vacation. I really enjoyed it. It's in a great location. If you're looking for location, this hotel is situated in the most ideal location in Waikiki. It's at a central location, adjacent to shopping, dining and activities.The workers were helpful and friendly. Duke's Restaurant in the hotel has great food and offers a great view while dining.They had overbooked and ended up with one queen instead of a king, but that was made up for since the room had a partial ocean view, even though we booked only the city view.The valet fee is steep. The pool is small so if you prefer to swim in a pool instead of the ocean, if that is important to you.We visited the Outrigger Reef, and if you are deciding between the two, I'd have to say that the On the Beach is much better.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>luvcruzin
<Content>Perfect Stay We stayed at this property for one night prior to our cruise departing from Honolulu. It was only about a 25-30 minute cab ride from the airport to the hotel and a 15-20 minute ride to the cruise terminal. The hotel was clean. The staff was helpful and professional. We orginally booked a city view room. Upon check-in, we were offered a complimentary upgrade to a partial oceanview room! The location is ideal....right on the beach. We had a wonderful meal at Duke's Restuarant. Prior to making a reservation at this property, I was a little skeptical, due to the reviews I read on this web-site. Many travelers had written about the noise at this property. We didn't experience any extra noise that you would not normally get at any other property. We had a great nights sleep! I would definitely stay here again. No questions asked!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dsegers
<Content>Great place to stay My husband and I celebrated our 25th anniversary here. We stayed from 10/10/06 to 10/19/06, yes, during the earthquake. The hotel was great to its guests supplying lunch and dinner and water and juice at no cost and tried to make us as comfortable as possible during the earthquake power outage from 7 a.m. until 9 p.m. the restaurants in the hotel are great and the activities booking was extremely helpful in booking all of our activities. The walls, however, are thin and you could hear your neighbors talk but that wouldn't stop us from going back. We would definitely stay here again. Partial oceanview room was great and the bed was comfortable.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Debbieb_96
<Content>Love the Outrigger Waikiki!!!       View from our room, WOW  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Vee123
<Content>Outrigger, perfect hotel in Oahu My Husband and I stayed at the Outrigger for 2 nights for part of our honeymoon. This hotel is beautiful, the bathroom is big and everything is brand new, the rooms are nice and clean, and the balconies are really nice. We had a partial ocean view, that was ok, but it was nice to be able to look at at the city. There are two really good restaurants in the hotel, Hula Grill and Duke's. Make sure you try the banana mac nut pancakes at Hula grill , sooooo good. Dukes also has a bar right on the beach! The location is great, literally right on waikiki beach. I would definitely recommend this hotel and in fact I wouldn't stay anywhere else!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>LesJB47
<Content>Best location on Waikiki!!! We spent the second week of our honeymoon at the Outrigger Waikiki. Check in was easy, we arrived a little early, so they took our baggage and we stopped at Dukes for lunch. We had a partial ocean view room on the Cheesecake factory side of the hotel. We did hear the exhaust fan when we were on our deck, but it wasn't annoying. The sunsets were very nice from our balcony. Beds were comfy, bathroom very nice, room was made up prompty each day. The room had free ethernet with cables in the desk and free long distance within the US. The elevators did take awhile at times, but overall, didn't hold us up much.We got coffees at the Seattle Coffee company in the lower lobby, if you get the Big Kahuna package, you can use your 5 dollar vouchers there and essentially get a light breakfast for free each day. We had lunch at Dukes twice, which was reasonable and very good, you could also order for a smaller menu poolside. There was a small deli (Pai) near the pool which was extremely well priced and the sandwiches were a perfect light lunch. Drinks were great at Dukes and the Hawaiian beers were excellent, especially Kona Big Wave. We mixed it up between the beach and the pool. Definitely hit the beach early and rent lounge chairs and an umbrella. Never had a problem getting seats by the pool. It is not a quiet beach/pool experience, so don't expect it. It was a mixed group of people, friends traveling, honeymooners, and families. Bar service at the pool was excellent...and yes, bring your ID, but once the girls get to know you, you don't need it. Outrigger Waikiki is definitely in the hub of Waikiki, it is walking distance to great shopping and great restaurants. We mostly relaxed, since we had an action packed week before in Maui, but we thought Pearl Harbor and Diamond Head were well worth it. We also checked out the Magic of Polynesia across the street, fun, but not essential, and a little costly. The revolving restaurant across the street was a fun stop for a nightcap. All in all the Outrigger Waikiki was a great choice. We'd definitely come back!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>l1verpool
<Content>Enjoyed every minute we stayed at the hotel for a week in September 2006. We were on our 25th Wedding Anniversary. The hotel staff were excellent always poplite and helpful. Our room had to huge beds, very clean rooms with chocolates, water and soft drinks waiting in our room free of charge when we arrived. Dukes was always busy but we were never bothered by noise. the drinks and food were reasonably priced. The Hula Grill restaurant had superior food and the service was excellent. The pool was small but as you are right on the beach we didnt use the pool. The only thing that was expensive was the sunbeds and umbrellas on the beach $40 a day. But there are plently of sunloungers at the hotel for free. We would definitely go back there.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vmijt
<Content>Great Place!!! My wife and I spent week 2 of our honeymoon at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach. We absolutely had a fabulous time!! The place was lively and active. There is so much shopping and things to do. All you have to do is speak to the friendly guides on the lower level. They can make reservations for you, give directions, etc. The people there were very friendly. Our room was a partial ocean view. But it didn't matter to us since we planned wonderful activities while we were there. But the room was spacious and it was quite a surprise to see our names mentioned in their newsletters congratulating us on our marriage!! The hotel is within walking distance of many great hotels. I recommend not eating at chains (since you can have those at home), but get a flair of the local establishments. Pick up a Fodor's book on Hawaii and get some ideas. The only problem I had was the elevators were very slow. Pick them up on the lower level and not the main lobby. Otherwise it could be a long while as they get crowded quickly. I was a bit peeved at a housekeeper who demanded that I fill out a survey on the service before her day off. She literally came up to us as we were getting back to our room and yelled where have you been? I need you to get this survey done before my day off! Needless to say, I still didn't fill out the survey, but I was sure to make the manager aware of that. But we really had a blast. It's a great hotel. Besides, it's Hawaii!! Get out and enjoy it. You want a nice view of the ocean, get out and walk on it early in the morning before it gets crowded. There you will have an uninterrupted, specacular view. We definitely plan on returning.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>rach_g
<Content>Great place to stay on Waikiki beach I just got back from a trip to America which included a 9 night stay in Waikiki. I highly recommend staying in the Outrigger on the Beach for anyone planning a stay on Waikiki beach. When we arrived, myself and my boyfriend were given a room on the cheesecake factory side of the hotel. We had read the reviews on this site before leaving and asked to move to the other side of the hotel. However, we were told by reception that we were high enough up to be away from any noise. However, when we got to the room and opened the balcony door, the noise of the fans was so loud. My boyfriend called reception and asked to be moved, they told us they'd move us the next day. Right enough, next day we were able to leave our cases in the room and head out for the morning and when we got back we (and our cases) had been moved to the other side of the hotel and had been given an upgraded room. The room and bathroom were large and spotlessly clean and came well equipped with iron, safe, hair dryer, fridge (not mini bar) and a big comfy bed!The staff were all really friendly and in the lower lobby the information desk would hand out small maps and direct you to almost anywhere.The pool was small but to be honest I didn't step near it because the beach is literally five steps from the back of the hotel. We got quite a warm spell for October and the beach was very busy most days so if you're looking for long uninhabited beaches then Waikiki is not the place for you. Best tip is get up early and rent a sun lounger and parasol.There are a few restaurants in the hotel itself however I only went to Dukes. The food there was good and reasonably inexpensive. You can either eat in the restaurant or in the bar area which has more of a snack menu.A previous poster mentioned ''only one drink per person'' this may come across as slightly misleading. The bar people would only let you have one drink at a time. If you wanted a drink then you had to be at the bar or at the table when the waiter/ess was taking the order and your own glass had to be half empty. I didn't see this as a huge problem and in some ways found it reassuring as it meant there was some control over alcohol consumption! One tip would be to bring ID at all times. My boyfriend and I are both in our mid - late twenties and were ID'edfor alcohol and cigarettes the whole time and this appeared to be the norm for anyone under 40. On our last day, the earthquake hit and the whole of waikiki lost power for nearly 12 hours. I must say, the hotel staff really handled it well. We got breakfast, lunch and dinner buffets on the house and the staff remained upbeat and helpful during such a rare occurance. One last tip - rent a car and take a drive to the north shore for a day!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Gabster2
<Content>Loved it all! Stayed here between 13th Oct and 17th Oct. After travelling for 16 days across the USA, ie, Anaheim,Las Vegas  New York, we were ready for some rest and relaxation and that is what we got. The room was great with partial ocean views and city views even though we'd only paid for city views. Big enough and confortable for my husband, daughter and me. Right across from the International Market Place and close to any shop or bus stop or anything you wanted. Dukes was fantastic, we had breakfast there every morning and also dinner once. The staff were excellent- very friendly even during and after the earthquake. Can't commend the staff highly enough including the General Manager Greg, during this difficult time.We were all fed free of charge, breakfast, lunch and dinner and everyone had smiles on their faces. They were even baking cookies and making popcorn at 8.30 pm, when we still had no electricity.We had friends at other hotels that were fed but had to pay for their meals even though they queued up just like us.I would highly recommend this hotel and my family are already planning our trip back in 2008. Mahalo and Aloha!!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LaurenEk77
<Content>Great Fun after Ko Olina!!!! My husband and I booked a week at the JW Ihilani Marriott in Ko Olina. While the resort was very nice, we are young and advernturous and got very bored!!! After having lunch at Duke's one day, we decided to check out of the JW Ihilani and come stay at the Outrigger Waikiki. We were very excited to get upgraded to an ocean view and FREE long distance!!! Great when I needed to call my husband's cell. There were also two free waters in our fridge which was a nice welcome after paying $4 at JW Ihilani. The price was $229 and WELL worth it! Bed was okay, view was awesome. We went on the canoe at the beach and had a blast. We ate at Dukes for breakfast and lunch and you really can't beat it. Great prices, great food, great music, and awesome view. The girls at the front remembered us each time. Free coffee for guests. Gift shops were surprisingly well priced. We had dinner at a sister hotel called Ocean View? Something like that, and it was good. We walked there on the strip, had dinner, and made our way back on the beach stopping at each hotel bar for a drink. It was perfect after having such a quiet week at JW Ihilani. If your looking for fun, excitement and people watching this is the place!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jdfrank
<Content>Don't Stay Here -- Unless You are on Spring Break My husband and I stayed at the Outrigger on the Beach with my parents recently. I was very distraught that I had made the arrangments for us to stay here while my brother was getting married at the Halekulani down the street. You enter the hotel on the busiest strip of Waikiki Beach, which is certainly not the Hawaii of serene Paradise but of cheesy t-shirts shops, chain restaurants and hoards of people. As we ascended the elevator I noticed only the horribly ugly rugs that cover the lobby area and, again, hoards of people in line for one of the Outrigger's three restaurants. Our rooms were ocean view on the 3rd floor. My parents room had an obstructed view and was very small. Our room was bigger and had a full ocean view (we paid the same rate). We thought we were the lucky ones until we opened our sliding glass doors to hear the noise from Duke's Waikiki right below our balcony. It was loud out there until well after midnight and, after that, the noise moved to the hotel hallways. In the end, it was not horrible and it was not wonderful, it was just simply fine and disappointing given some of the other hotels we saw on the strip. The place had an overall feeling of Spring Break or Girls Gone Wild. Duke's was a madhouse most of the day and we fell asleep each night to some bad Jimmy Buffet song streaming up through our room as the backdrop to drunk people laughing and carrying on. Now, I am not against a good time but when a hotel bar will only give you one drink per person and you are traveling with people in their 40s and 60s, this has got to be a sign. If you want a relaxing stay (tough for Waikiki) at a beautiful hotel, travel further down the beach and spring for the Halekulani!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>kawill
<Content>Loved It! We wanted to stay on Waikiki for one night pre-cruise and chose the Outrigger because I happened to find a great deal ($200 per night) on their website one day, which I never saw again.We opted for a standard city view room. Upon check-in I (barely) mentioned wanting something on the quiet side of the hotel (after reading previous reviews here) and was given a partial ocean view room with no hesitation at no extra charge. The room was clean, modern and tastefully decorated. I really felt like I was in Hawaii upon entering.We felt the service was great and even my 11 year old commented on how good it was.We enjoyed eating lunch at Duke's right on the beach. I found was surprisingly inexpensive for a hotel restaurant. The location was great. It's right across the street from the International Marketplace and right in the middle of all the shopping and restaurants you could ever want. I commented to my family about how Vegas-like it was there.The only negative I could come up with would be the pool. If you are traveling with small children be forewarned. The depth starts at over four feet and graduates to eight feet with no really shallow place for little ones. They will definitely enjoy the beach more than hanging out on the small stair landing.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>azzinan
<Content>be careful you get what you pay for. we booked 6 months earlier for an ocean front room, but were told none was available. given an ocean view room. our view consisted of the cheesecake factory, which was unbearably noisy 24 hrs a day, and a tiny sliver of ocean view. we asked for another room, but were told none was available. and that this was an ocean view room. when you book, state that you want a room on the other side of hotel. apart from this everything was great, staff, food, ameneties were perfect.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>talon27
<Content>Overall good experience We enjoyed staying at this hotel because of its location, the views and the friendly and accommodating staff. The rooms were average -- nicely decorated, roomy, but obviously old. The hotel was undergoing renovation at the time, so this may be improved in the future. The location on the beach was ideal for surfing and for beach-watching from our beach chairs (for those of us who do not surf). In the late afternoon, many hours after we had already checked out, the hotel graciously allowed us to use their shower room a full hotel room that they gave us for 30 minutes supplied with towels, shampoo, soap, hair dryer, etc. to clean up after being on the beach before catching a cab to the airport. This allowed us to fully enjoy a day that otherwise would have been just a travel day (we wouldn't have gone to the beach if we couldn't shower before getting on a 9 hour flight back to the mainland). We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>CelesteD
<Content>Never, ever again       "ocean view" room  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>KaylaP
<Content>Absolutely Superb in every way!! I have never written a review on anywhere i have travelled, but i feel i must on this hotel! I went with my partner in September for 10 days. I am from London so the flight was 17 hours but it was definately worth it!! Everything about the Outrigger Waikiki was just amazing especially the staff. I have to say every member of staff i came across were pleasent, helpful and polite in every way. They couldn't do enough for you. The hotel was very well kept beautifully decorated and quite grand. We had a partial ocean view room and it was the biggest hotel room i have ever stayed in. With a huge king size bed, sofa, huge T.V, walk in wardrobe light and clean marble bathroom and dressing area and lots of storage. We even stayed in 2 nights because we felt so at home! I cannot compliment this hotel enough, it was huge part of making my holiday so fabulous and i reccomend it to anyone. The Outrigger Waikiki is a must if your going to Honolulu!!!!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Domil
<Content>Thoroughly enjoyed our stay We spent a week at the Outrigger Waikiki and thoroughly enjoyed it. We had booked two partial ocean view rooms and when we checked in we were put on the side of the hotel with the fans from the Cheesecake Factory. We went back to reception and asked to be changed and they gave us two rooms on the other side of the hotel and a few floors higher up. The views were great and the sound of the ocean was lovely. Everyone was helpful and friendly. During our stay we did not experience any problems with insects as another reviewer mentioned. Dukes was a fantastic place to eat and we all enjoyed dining there. The beach is very close and we often had a swim in the pool on our way back to the hotel from the beach. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>gena536
<Content>Almost above average overall, but You need to be quiet in your own room This was my first time in Oahu, and I am very picky when it comes to choosing hotels. My husband chose the Outrigger in Waikiki for me because I was going crazy trying to choose a hotel. When I looked at the pictures of the rooms on the internet, I was not very impressed, it looked very dull. But it was a great deal, so we (actually mu husband) went for it.When we arrived at the hotel, the valet attendants were very friendly and courteous. The front desk were also very friendly. The lobby was very beautiful. We were actually upgraded to a partial oceanview room (originally paid for a city view) on the opposite side of the Cheesecake Factory, (which is suppose to be quieter). The view was more than what I expected. And the room was actually pretty comfortable and cozy than i had thought. The room was renovated, and the bathroom had granite countertops, also renovated, tub was actually a half tub/shower, but worked for us, large closet space. Felt very clean.The room wasn't sound proof, though, with the A/C off, you could still hear street and sounds from the outside. And we even had a bad experience: the walls are VERY THIN. My kids woke up about 4am in the morning and were awake, playing, and laughing, and the people from the room next to us banged on the wall because they could hear us. The front desk called us to keep it down. After that incident, we had to consciously keep telling the children to keep quiet and sometimes not to talk at all. They didn't have a good time.This hotel is not a good idea if you have kids, especially if you have some that wake up during the night. But overall, it's in a great location near shopping, the Waikiki Beach and across from the International Marketplace. My only complaints are the thin walls and it can be very noisy even with all the doors closed... If you like the action, stay here, as long as you don't mind the noise and thin walls. Next time though, we will probably stay somewhere else...  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kyle77323
<Content>Great experience at the Outrigger Waikiki       Balcony of room 512  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hulamaiden
<Content>Great Location My husband and I just returned from HI and a stay at the Outrigger Waikiki. The hotel is in a very central Waikiki location. The International Marketplace is directly across the street and shopping and restaurants are all up and down Kalakaua Ave (the street the hotel is on). The beach is right outside your door and Dukes on the ground floor is always hopping. For a quieter time, try the Hula Grill, especially on Friday or Saturday night when they play Hawaiian music.The beach although crowded is still wonderful-and you can't beat the warm Pacific. If you have little ones or are timid about the ocean, there is an area in front of the Royal Hawaiian hotel that is very shallow. Better yet, down the street there is a great beach park that has a storm wall and a very calm shallow pool.One of the highlights was seeing Aunty Genoa Keawe sing at the Moana Terrace on Thursday evening. She is consdiered the first lady of Hawaiian falsetto singing and at 87 can still hold a note for what seems like an impossibly long time-amazing.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Walter_Witt
<Content>Outrigger on the Beach is a good bet.       Surfers' park  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>~14Alice41~
<Content>Never Again!! Ever Never Again!! I myself had been to Hawaii 2 times and my husband once. i traveled with my husband and teenage children, ages 13 and 16. I had heard great rewiews from this and many other websites. the rates were a bit too much but i decided to splurge and rent a ocean view room. we had planned to stay for 3 weeks but ended up being so disgusted with the hotle that we moved hotels because there was an availability. We moved to the Hyatt Regency. this hotel was to die for. We moved from the Outrigger because of the bad service and incects. My children decided to get a googdnight sleep and set down at 9. my daughter couldn't sleep so i ordered another pillow at about 9:15 it arrived at 1 o'clock in the morning. There was ants and cochroaches!! NEVER AGAIN!! p.s the Hyatt Regency is absouloutley lovely. a bit pricey but worth it  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	2	

<Author>MannMom
<Content>Awesome location and view! After a rocky start, great service at the Outrigger raised our opinion of this place. Upon arrival, they did not have our reservation, which I had booked online (bring a copy with you!) They didn't have any rooms left in the type I booked, so upgraded us to a partial ocean view. When we went to the room, there were occupants inside, lying on the bed I might add! Back to the lobby, where agents were embarrassed and apologized; we were then upgraded to a deluxe oceanfront suite for no extra charge. It was beautiful and if I went again, I would pay the extra to stay there! The room was very clean, roomy, with a great whirlpool tub. The view from the balcony was unbeatable. The only drawback is that if you want to sleep without alot of noise from people on the beach, you need to close the balcony door as the voices really carry at night. But the sound of the waves was soothing. Dukes is a very good restaurant on the beach level. The beach was wonderful. Didn't try out the pool. We also ate lunch at the Royal Hawaiian (next door) which was very good. We would highly recommend the Outrigger to anyone wanting to stay on the Waikiki Beach strip.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Barbqman1
<Content>Best Hotel on Waikiki! Just returned from a week at the Outriiger Waikiki. This year marks the 18th time we have visited in Hawaii and the 9th time at the Outrigger Waikiki. Each year the service and the friendliness of the Staff seems to get better. The Suite was clean and comfortable and as alwas a great view of the beach and the Ocean. The Housekeeping staff were ever so nice to us, turning down our beds before sleeping each night. Always a cookie or some hand wrapped chocolates awaited on our pillows. I especially wanted to thank them for their sevice and to the Pool Staff (Jared) who kept us cool with the iced towels during the heat of the day. Checkin was easy and very fast and the Lady was very friendly and told ujs about the street festival that evening. The hotel is located right in the middle of all the shopping my Wife and Grandaughter could handle. I would say the Outrigger Waikiki is the best Hotel in Waikiki.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nixster1987
<Content>Busy and Great Place to Stay       Nix Family on the Shuttle to the USS Missouri  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aussie_rose64
<Content>happy at the outrigger       very clean bathroom  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>JoanneZR
<Content>Nice place, paper-thin walls... We were upgraded to this hotel from another Outrigger property. Nice view (partial ocean view - you mostly see the Sheraton next door); the lanai (balcony) was teeny-tiny, barely enough room for two chairs; walls were SO thin, could easily hear conversation (and other things!) next door, especially the sound of the super-sonic toilets flushing in the middle of the night; nice restaurants (their breakfast buffet was great) but distinct smell of garbage in the areas around them. Very small beach area, mostly taken up by umbrellas and chairs that you have to pay the hotel to use, even though you are guests there (ugh). Was good for what we paid, but would NOT pay $400 per night and up to stay here again!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Alex2005
<Content>Outrigger Wakki Shore - great views - but some construction noise       sunset from the lani of room 600  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Churchnow4God
<Content>Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach  The hotel has wonderful restaurants and the location is the best in my opinion. The one bedroom suite was outstanding. The attached deluxe room we had also, had a ceiling vent leak something horrible. It would overload with water and drip on the floor excessively to include the first day we got there. Considering the amount of time I had been up traveling and getting in the hotel, we did not need the ceiling to drip non stop and have to ask for maintenance. We took care of this problem daily in this one room the whole vacation. At the end of the trip, the cockroaches came out in full force as well. There were many running around our room the last night and they were so fast we could not kill them. I am assuming the suite was sprayed better than the single room, hence, no bugs in the suite. I told the front desk about the roaches and it did not seem to phase anyone. Considering the price we spent on each room for the trip, I would have expected more feedback.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sswinery
<Content>Great Location       View of Waikiki from atop Diamond Head  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mtcarleys
<Content>Nice Location - But too Crowded We just returned from our first visit to Hawaii. The first 3 days of our trip we stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach. The service at the hotel was good. The room was very spacious with a nice storage/closet area. The beach was extremely crowded as well as the restaurants. We ate at Duke's the first night and it was pretty good but small portions and a huge price tag. The servers were all excellent. I will say they make an outstanding Lava Flow. We had several on the trip but Duke's was the best. Our favorite part of Waikiki and maybe most of the vacation was the Society of Seven show at the hotel. It was excellent. My husband, myself and our 16 year old attended the dinner buffet and show. The food was very good and the show was excellent. The streets of Waikiki are very crowded and there was alot of construction going on. It was fun to walk around and people watch and the International Market Place has some good deals on souveniers. The Market Place also has some pretty good deals on food at the Food Court.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>jvdv
<Content>Too crowded The hotel as such is fine. Nice and spacy rooms, good fitness center.But if the hotel is fully booked, the facilities aren't able to keep up with the demand. For instance Several times we had to wait 4 - 6 times to be able to get into the lift. A deck chair at the (very small) pool is not available unless you get there by 7 am. On the beach it is so crowded that it is difficult to find a spot were you can put your towel down.The average waiting time in the evening for the restaurants is 1 hour.Nice hotel, but the facilities aren't able to keep up with the demand when the hotel is fully booked.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>HNVFamily
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Nice Location Our family of 4 just returned from 4 days on Waikiki. This hotel is beautiful and located in the middle of everything, right on the beach. We booked the hotel through the Outrigger web site. We chose the cheapest, city view location. We were upgraded to a partial ocean view which is most of the rooms anyway. Other reviews said to ask for a room on the other side of the Cheesecake Factory, which we did. However, we didn't get that location. But, we were on the 14th floor and the noise from the fan was not a problem. The amenities at the hotel were excellent. The location was great. If you don't plan on seeing any other part of the island, a rental car is unnecessary. You can always book a tour to Pearl Harbor and Diamond Head. All in all a great hotel.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lhsuhu
<Content>Wonderful Stay in Waikiki We just returned from our trip to Oahu, Hawaii (July 13-19 2006)... stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach. The hotel is located right on Waikiki Beach and it was better than I expected. The beach is relatively small compared to other beaches on the island but the advantage of being in Waikiki and the location was great. The hotel room we had was a partial view; the room is fairly large and has a good size bathroom. The only complaint is the thin walls...during the night I could hear the neighbors flushing their toilets. But overall, the service of the hotel from the bellhop to the concerige was great. Being on Waikiki is a bit crowded, sharing the beach with all the other hotels across the street. The beach is full by 10am so if you want a good spot, you need to get there early. We went to Lanikai Beach which is on the eastern shore of Oahu and that is a sight to see. This beach was rated the 2nd most beautiful beach in the world. There was no crowds and a wide shoreline....do take a trip to see it. The eastern coast of Oahu is simply very beautiful....we did all the tourist things like Pearl Harbor, Dole Plantation, Hananuno Bay and Diamond Head. There are two nice restaurants in the hotel; the food is good but need to make reservations a day in advance. There is lots of shopping along Kalakaua Avenue, especially if you like designer shops. The weather was wonderful and warm with no humidity. It was nice visiting Oahu...visited Maui and the Big Island 5 years ago. Of all the islands, Maui is the prettiest and has most dramatic landscape.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Iowaeyez
<Content>Great beach access, Great public areas Our family of four in addition to my in-laws stayed at the Outrigger Wakiki in March of 2006. It was a very rainy week so we ended up spending more time indoors than what we would have under normal circumstances. The actual guest rooms are not what I would wish for considering what we paid, but I honestly think it is a fair market value considering the competition. The bathrooms are small and everything was clean but could use some updating. HOWEVER....the rest of the hotel is totally stupendous! Very lush and welcoming. The lobby is beautiful and open to the beach which is amazing. There is a real sense of hospitality everywhere you look. There are many specialty and gift shops which a person can't help but want to browse. There are always free flowers and various lessons available to hotel guests. We were lucky enough to be upgraded from a partial ocean view to a full ocean view. All I can say about the view is WOW!!! Gorgeous view of the ocean about 50 feet from your balcony. Also a great view of diamond head. Our unfortunate in-laws chose to not spring for the partial ocean view and I hate to say it but their room was not even comparable. With our ocean view upgrade we also recieved a free beach bag with lots of valuable coupons and gifts. We are really glad we paid more for a better room! We enjoyed the Shore bird GRILL, (NOT the grill your own resturant, but the bar side which overlooks the ocean) The food and service on the bar side was great, they had live music and we had a spectacular view of the sunset, also the price was right. We did not care for the grill your own restaurant which is also called the Shorebird. The prices were high, had no view, tables were too close together, and worst of all the grill chef was rude when asked for advice on grilling. The upscale resturaunt, which I can not recall the name of was FABULOUS. Expect to drop a lot of cash, but if you value fine dining you will find it worthwhile. The Cheif's Hut resturant is great for a $4.99 breakfast special, always something filling and interesting to serve for a great price. I would reccomend this hotel to anyone that can say they won't spend an abundance of time hanging out in their hotel room.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hicouple
<Content>excellent location in oahu We stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach for our wedding and honeymoon. We were treated very kindly and professionaly! When we checked in we were given and excellent room and a complimentary bottle of champagne. We had booked a cityview room but our view was hardly the city. We had a beautiful view from the balcony that showed the entire beachfront and ocean. We couldn't complain about anything. The staff was very helpful with details on where to eat and where to party. Duke's was wonderful for breakfast, lunch or dinner. We both ate so much that we couldn't fit in dessert. The drinks are very good and strong! The help desk was very helpful with organizing activities and car rentals. On our wedding day we were given many compliments on our ceremony and the staff was very generous with anything we needed to make our day easier. We would definitley stay again. The hotel is in the middle of everything and you can really walk to what you need. We highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LoveHawaii24
<Content>Great, fabulous and magnificent hotel!       Lobby  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>roadrunner69
<Content>Can't wait to go back to Outrigger!       My room  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>EGD
<Content>Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach excellent choice Oahu Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach Excellent ChoiceAugust 2nd 2006Reviewer: Ed Ocean N.J.We just re turned from our 3 Island first time adventure to Hawaii which started with 3 nights in Waikiki Beach at the Outrigger on the Beach. First we chose not to rent a car in Oahu and elected to pay for a Lei Greeting and transfers to and from the Hotel. This service is well worth the added expense. The personnel attention we received helped to cut through all the red tape associated with landing at an airport that we didn't know. Getting around Oahu is very easy without the burder of a car. Parking can be very difficult or expensive. Our 3 nights at the Outrigger from 7/20/06 to 7/23/06 could not have been better! The property is very well maintained with a staff that is both efficient and friendly. We asked for a room change when we arrived since our first room was by the elevator and could be very noisy. We were accomodated with out question and very quickly. Partial ocean view is exactly that but still pretty good. You must keep in mind that Waikiki Beach is in the center of a large city and the hotels are very close together with all kinds of excitment on the streets. We loved just walking the street watching the sidewalk entertainment and wondering through the stores. ABC stores dominate the market in Oahu with at least 3 to each block. At the hotel both Dukes and the Hula grill provided excellent breakfasts and lunches at a reasonable cost for Hawaii. Since we were involved with a wedding in Oahu our dinners were accomodated by our hosts. The beaches were crowed as was the pool area, since this is high season in Hawaii, it was what we expected and for us this was a minor detail since the view was very pretty with Diamond Head on our left. The only tour we took was to the Arizona memorial. Our driver/guide was Outstanding and very entertaing. We took the short tour for $22.00 per person to the Arizona only and this took aproximately 3 hours. On the whole we found Waikiki Beach and Honolulu in general to be very exciting and a wonderful location. On Sunday 7/23/06 we moved on to Maui and Nipili Kai Beach Resort.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CPandthekids
<Content>Great experience for first-time visitors       View from lanai (9th floor ocean-view room)  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Philly81
<Content>Loved the Outrigger! Celebrated our 20th anniversary. Beach front room on the 10th floor. We did not run into any of the problems with noise. We really enjoyed ourselves, and would gladly stay at the Outrigger again. The hotel gave us 14 vouchers for breakfast. We really enjoyed breakfast at the Hulla Grill. It was nice to order off the menu. The best meal of the week was at Dukes. Really enjoyed the pink snapper. You just cannot beat the location! We found the staff of the hotel, Dukes, and Hula Grill to be very helpfull.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Birki
<Content>Our Best Vacation It was our first trip to Hawaii, recommended by my daughter and son-in-law who spent their honeymoon in Honolulu. They did not stay right on Waikiki Beach and wished they had, so...we booked 2 rooms at the Outrigger Waikiki Beach Hotel, a hotel where they had spent much time eatting and basking in the sun. We were not disappointed! My husband and I, along with my daughter, son-in-law and son, arrived June 30th for an 8-night stay. Upon our arrival, a friendly staff member checking us in noticed that our 2 rooms were not booked by our travel agent on the same floor. Although the hotel was booked, she was able to find 2 rooms on the 12th floor and upgraded us to partial ocean view rooms from city view rooms. The rooms were very nicely appointed with beautiful views...we were very comfortable. I had read in TripAdvisor about the loud fan on top of the Cheesecake Factory, so when I caught sight of that dreaded fan out the door to the lanai, I was worried that sleeping might prove difficult, however, that was not the case. We slept with the doors to the lanai closed and the room fan on, and our sleep was not disturbed.Although the hotel was almost totally booked, we never felt over-crowded anywhere in the hotel...well, maybe the elevators, but I felt that was reasonable in a hotel of its size. We were almost always seated fairly promptly at all of the restaurants. Each morning we had breakfast at the Hula Grill and always sat outside by the railing, overlooking the beach. The views were very pretty from our vantage point and the food was very good. The pancakes, french toast and omelets rivalled any I have ever eaten! We also enjoyed an evening dinner at the Hula Grill, dinners at Chuck's and of course, and lunches and dinners at Duke's Canoe Club. We found the food at all the hotel's restaurants to be very good and a good value (when compared to other restaurants in the Honolulu area). Every night we would walk the streets, looking for a new place to eat, but we seemed to always end up back at the hotel! We came to depend on the good food quality and the lively atmosphere (especially at Duke's). We only had one bad experience...we put our names in at Chuck's one evening and because the bar area was crowded, we left the restaurant and ordered drinks at the lobby bar at the Hula Grill. This bar is just outside of Chuck's...a mere 25 feet away. Shortly after we ordered the drinks, our table at Chuck's was ready. As we entered the restaurant, we were rudely told by the bartender and the young lady going to seat us that we'd have to leave the restaurant and finish our drinks outside before we'd be seated. I was offended that night Monday, July 3rd, perhaps because of the rude way we were informed. I, personally, did not order a drink that night at Chuck's (my personal revolt) and we did not return to that restaurant again even though the Shrimp Scampi were excellent. Other than that incident, we were always pleased with the staff at the restaurants, especially Bitna (B.B.) at the Hula Grill. She was fun and very efficient.We also enjoyed the pool area. Though the pool was not huge, it was never packed with people and pool chairs could always be found. It was very nice to have waitstaff from Duke's poolside so a drink and/or afternoon snack could be ordered. We enjoyed the pina coladas and chicken nachos while relaxing at the pool or on the lower pool deck. One very wonderful young man at the towel desk offered frozen washcloths on hot afternoons! That was a first for me!!I would recommend the Outrigger Waikiki Beach Hotel to any traveler who wants a fun, lively atmosphere yet classy and efficient hotel directly on the beach. It is in a perfect location of fine shops and restaurants. Friendly staff at the front desks and concierge desk were always helpful and offered tips to make our vacation such a success. I wish Hawaii wasn't so far away (at least from Wisconsin) so we could return again and again. I would definitely return to the Outrigger Waikiki Beach Hotel when we do return to Hawaii some day. I hope that day is soon.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PRS-LasVegas
<Content>Careful here...Read before you book! 7/20/06...Just got back on , read BEFORE you book! I compliment the Hotel on Staff and size of rooms...very nice. Our experience within the room is what made us check out early. The walls are truly PAPER thin....meaning, not only did you hear everything they did or said but the WORSE issue was you heard every time anyone flushed the toilet within 6 or so rooms. These are high-pressure units, so at 3AM...the noise is stunning! Cigarette smoke smell entered our room from the adjacent room (everytime they lit up)......I'm talking as though they were smoking in your room. In 30 + years of travel, this was possibly the poorest soundproofing we encountered....SO, I warn fellow travelers who want some quiet, to take this quite seriuosly. LAST..the Lanai's are shaped like a crouissant roll cut in the center (crescent)....there is a huge variance is width from one end to the other. You can BARELY get two chairs out there, must turn sideways to sit down...and if you NOT perfectly positioned on one end....cannot see the OCEAN you're paying extra for. BE SURE you know exactly where your room is located BEFORE paying your hard-earned $$$. This was a horrbile value in my estimation, and we really couldn't enjoy the pitiful patio to any extent......this is something we've always enjoyed in the past. We contacted management, they were very supportive and acknowledged thenoise issue, but not much can be done in when you're sold out. Used to better hotels for the money  Paul from Las Vegas  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	5	4	

<Author>boston530
<Content>Loved it! Read reviews before we went and I must say I was apprehensive. Boy I don't now where some of these folks stayed but our room was large, our bed comfortable and king size. The construction was only annoying during the day time working hours but who is at their hotel at that time. Much to much to see and do and if on the beach you don't hear it. We toured the Island, shopped and ate out way through the Island. The people were friendly and we were very comfortable asking any question we had. Okay the bathroom was a little small but two average sized people could shower together. We had no problem with mold in our shower area. I was expecting black all over the place. They must have been much to picky or in the older part. The food was excellent and on our second morning at breakfast we ran into people form our home town that live 3 blocks from us. It's a small world. After all the construction is completed this is going to be the place to go and stay. More than it already is. We are hoping to go back soon. Our humidity here is so bad I miss the freshness of the Islands. And those rain showers were just little mist drop falling from the sky. When you looked up into the sky the sun reflecting they looked lke little diamonds or may be these are really the tears of Pele....July 1 - July 8th Loved it loved it loved it.Indiana  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cat1450
<Content>Loved Outrigger, Great Location, Try Dukes Canoe Club This was a great hotel, perfect location and good amenities at a reasonable price. Duke's canoe club inside the hotel is great for lunch and drinks at any time during the day. If you go, try the crab and macadamia nut won tons and the chicken quesadillas. Rooms were clean and nicely appointed. Outrigger is located in the middle of the main strip of hotels, so within walking distance of good shopping  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nydiao
<Content>Great Vacation I selected this hotel based on the reviews I read. It's location is great! Right in the middle of the action. This is great when your traveling with two teenagers. However if your looking for tranquility and no noise then select another Island not another hotel. Most of them are right on the strip, at least the nicer ones. The International Market is right across the street along with Macy's a whole bunch of designer stores and a lot of other stores. Lots of Restaurant too! You don't need a car but we did rent one. We used it almost everydate. Parking is expensive $18/day. The hotel staff is very friendly and always willing to help. My only negative comment would be the noise you can hear outside of your room. They need doors that are soundproof. Other reviews had indicated noise heard from the walls but that's not what I experienced. Couldn't hear anyone from the adjoining rooms. Only heard noise from the hallway. Room was fine. We were four in total and were fine with just one room. The room had two double beds and a pullout sofa. Our City view room had a partial view of the ocean. I wouldn't pay for ocean view. If that's what you want just go to the deck or the beach. Note: if you can get a room from the 14th floor and above it's the way to go. Floors 14 and above have a separate elevator. You won't have to deal with the issues other reviewers have mentioned (waiting a long time for an elevatior). For security purposes the elevators do not stop on the lower level after 10 pm. Security roams the floors too. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We highly recommend the Outrigger on the Beach! My husband and I stayed in an oceanfront room at the Outrigger on the Beach for 10 days for our 30th wedding anniversary last December - finally decided to write this review. We absolutely loved it! We had never been to Hawaii before. My husband really did his homework and studied up on several hotels, places to see, and things to do. We are so glad we chose the Outrigger. Everyone was courteous and friendly. The only drawback was, as others have said, the timeshare people in the lobby. We got so we didn't make eye contact with them. They were annoying. The rest of the hotel staff were very friendly.We highly recommend the book Oahu Revealed. It gives all the tips on places to go, and exactly how to get there. We rented a car, and went where we wanted when we wanted. We toured in the mornings, and relaxed on the beach back at the hotel in the afternoons. We climbed Diamond Head, and went to Pearl Harbor and the Missouri. Very near Pearl Harbor at the football stadium is a huge swap-meet. We also went to Hanauma Bay, then drove along Highway 72. What a view! We went to Sandy Beach, then to the North Shore to see the waves and surfers. Our very favorite place in all of Oahu was Lanikai Beach. It is the most beautiful beach - bluest water, and whitest sand - that we saw. You have to park on a side street and walk down a path to get there. It is not accessible to the tour buses, so is not at all crowded. It was absolutely gorgeous! We also stopped at Kualoa Park and saw Chinaman's Hat Island. We rode the Atlantis Submarine and saw stingrays, sea turtles, and all kinds of colorful fish. The day before we came home, we visited a rainforest.We had our complimentary breakfast at Duke's each morning. The selection there is so bountiful - and delicious. You must try a piece of Hula Pie from Duke's too. A few nights we ordered take-out either from Duke's or the Hula Grill and ate on our lanai. The smoothies at the coffee shop downstairs are very refreshing. We had dinner at Chuck's Steakhouse - delicious! The deli in the lobby is great for lunch!We HIGHLY recommend the Outrigger on the Beach.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ragansreach
<Content>Good for older folks too First time to Hawaii (finally!). Both in our 50ths...about average physically. But we loved this hotel. Always clean, nicely put together, yet casual enough we were not embarassed tromping through from the beach to our room in swim suits. The staff was made up of some of the nicest people we've had the pleasure to meet...we were upgraded to a partial ocean view (with no request!) .. Never had a problem with anything in the room, or excess noise. Loved walking right out onto the beach and into the water right from the hotel. We were there over Halloween and enjoyed being in the center of everything. The valets were great with directions to every place we asked and patient with us. Duke's breakfast buffet was the best both in quality and the price for the quality, and since it's also right on the beach a great view, and again super service and treatment by the staff. We're planning on returning this year and we thought about trying someplace else but had such a good feeling about this place we're going back. We've had four of our friends go here based upon our recommendation and they all loved it. Hope to be back there soon!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location! My husband and I stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki on what was our second trip to Hawaii. We saw the hotel on our first trip and were keen to stay there so booked it second time around. We booked a partial ocean view room and were upgraded on arrival to an ocean view room (by request). The ocean view room was fine although the view wasnt as good as our previous visit since it is a bit restricted. We stayed in room 1219 which is on the left hand side of the hotel and were close enough to the hear the ocean and the people enjoying the beach. It doesnt get the sun in the afternoon though! The room was nice, spacious and clean and the staff very friendly. The main thing about this hotel in our opinion is the location and the bars/restaurants downstairs. Duke's is a fantastic bar with a great atmosphere, great cocktails and you must try the Beach Fries. The food is also great and offers you the choice of eating in the bar or in the restaurant - although best to make reservations if you dont like waiting. We also sampled Chuck's Steakhouse which was also fantastic. We loved the hotel because of the closeness to the beach. The pool area also looked very good and at weekends, had entertainment which was nice to listen to as you lie on the beach. Overall, whilst it would be nice to have a full ocean front room, we had a great time at the Outrigger, thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This hotel is wonderful.............. We loved every minute We were just in Hawaii on vacation. The island is beautiful and this hotel it top notch. We had wonderful service, the rooms were cleaned every day, the service people were very friendly, checking in is very smooth. This hotel is lovely, the lobby and waiting areas are a pleasant place to be. Can't say enough about the staff, they were all very friendly and made you feel like they were really glad you were there. The beach area is clean, pools and hot tubs were clean and had plenty of chairs as long has you were there to reserve one by 9am or so. Don't miss the Circle Island tour This was very informative and you got to see some of the other side of the island. Great deal for the money. We also did Germains luau and for the money this was not something that we will do again but not disappointed that we did it once. The show is acutally about 1/2 hour longer than it should be. And of course we did the Pearl Harbor Tour that everyone should do at least once. Overall I think our choice of hotel was the best (and we checked out many.) We have already booked next years vacation and we are staying at the OUTRIGGER WIKIKI ON THE BEACH again. The vacation was a great success and the staff at this hotel is great!!!! We had a wonderful vacation and I hope you will to.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outrigger Waikiki Is the Best       View from our balcony  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hvtxmom
<Content>Great vacation! We just returned from Oahu and had a great time at the Outrigger. We stayed 2 nights in a City View room and loved every minute. We also stayed at the Ko Olina Beach Club for the next 2 nights, as my husband loves the city and I love peace and quiet, so we arranged for both. I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed the Outrigger and Waikiki.The hotel is tastefully decorated in Hawaiin themes, clean, and has the Aloha spirit. Even though our room was a City View, we still had a nice view of the ocean. We requested a room on the opposite side of the Cheesecake Factory and didn't hear any fan noise, although the street noise can be a little loud at times. The beds were comfortable and the bathrooms had everything including large granite countertops, make up mirrors, free safe, frig, and wonderful shampoos. Wish I could buy more of those! The room also had free internet access. We ate at Dukes most of the time and loved everything...service, food, and especially the Lava Flows. Put your name on the dinner waiting list on your way up from the pool at the end of the day and they will call your room when your table is ready. Nice touch! We ventured out to the International Market one day for lunch, but found the food court was a little shabby. I did have a great BBQ stick, though, and the Asian tourists seemed to love the food selections. We also picked up Cheesecake Factory deserts one night and ate them on our balcony...very nice!The pool felt a little small and crowded to me, but my husband loved it. We took a catamaran sail our last night for $15 each and had a great time. There are several choices for sailing in front of the Outrigger and we took the blue and white boat because they had a little dog on it's crew. The yellow one was packed with 20 somethings every night, due to free drinks. It was $5 more and seemed pretty roudy. The last sunset cruises that leave around 5:30pm go up $5, so we took the 4:00 one and had just as much fun. There were surfers everywhere and my favorite time was spent on the beach at sunset watching everyone come and go. The waves came in strong on the beach all day and were great for body surfing. We took morning trips to Pearl Harbor and Hanauma Bay and the valets were VERY helpful in giving us great directions. Again, I was very surprised at how much I loved being in the heart of the action on Waikiki. The Ko Olina was beautiful and peaceful, but we both found outselves getting a little bored by the second day. We had a great trip, but our best memories were surprisingly at the Outrigger. Oloha!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JVPhoenix
<Content>Terrific Honeymoon stay       View of Diamondhead from Lanai  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vegas on the Beach If you're in your 20s and love to party or your a bigtime shopper who loves to spend spend spend; you'll love Waikiki. Families or plus 40 couples or friends will be less inspired. That's not to say the Outrigger isn't a really great hotel. It is and its located right in the heart of Waikiki/ The rooms are clean, the bathrooms feature limestone-marble-like tile surfaces and modern fixtures, the sound proofing is pretty darn good鈥攗nless you leave your sliding door open to hear the surf (which you can hear even in the 11th floor rooms). The beach tends to throb late into the night, so if you're trying to stay on PST or MST (which means hitting the bed at 8Pm and getting up at 4:30AM) you'll have to wear earplugs. The housekeeping staff is really great about helping out. The Hula Grill offers excellent breakfasts, great beachside views and fairly decent prices for a hotel on the beach! The prices at Duke's, below on the beach, are pretty expensive for what you get. (side bar: Foods pretty good but about what you expect. In fact,most of the food in Honolulu at the restaurants is just so-so. Stay out of the Chinese restaurants. They're wretched. I hit three before I swore them off. Japanese is the way to go). Also, be sure to checkout the historical/art exhibits near the Outrigger canoe in the OW's lobby! It offer priceless insight into Hawaiian culture. The swimming pool features sparkling clear salt water instead of chlorine. A huge plus. You can use your room card to get towels down there. But you probably won't use it if you came for the ocean....If you're tempted to take any of the gazillion catamaran cruises available on the beach out for snorkeling, forgettaboutit. They're a joke. They take you out about 300 yards, shamelessly chum for fish with cookies, and drop you in the middle of it all. Sure you see a few fish but you also fight currents and waves and the number of fish is about three species total, and maybe a turtle or two (swimming away from you as quickly as possible). Then afterwards they take you out into the ocean for a hour long out and back cruise to nowhere. It's a yawner, unless you were really dying to see the cityscape views of Honolulu. The Outrigger's new Plantation Spa is fantastic...just opened on the top floor; the prices are reasonable, the therapists highly skilled and the serene atmosphere is amazing with ocean views straight out to the horizon. I'd love to sit out in the rooftop hottubs in thevening! The very large couples massage room is extraordinary for the spa world, and the treatments and atmosphere will blow you away. The changing rooms feature a modern Hawaiian aesthethic.This is a spa treat worth considering if you plan to stay at the OW. Be sure to ask for a room near the express elevator so you can walk out of your room and take a direct lift to the spa (which is also next to a really great exercise room with all the modern cardio equipment).The biggest drawback to staying at the OW, and its true for many of the hotels on this strip, is that you pay a premium for parking. $18 a day plus tips. Even if you have a fly-car-stay package. Better idea: Take Speedy Shuttle from the airport and use the downtown shuttles to get around to Pearl Harbor or even around the island. For $2 per stop you can go all the way to Halaweia and Kanehoe or Hanauma Bay and back to Waikiki.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mphenry23
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location       View from our 12th Floor Balcony at the Outrigger Waikiki  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>family_vacati0ns
<Content>Not what I expected for the price.       view from Duke's Canoe Club  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ocboards
<Content>20th anniversary I consulted these boards before I chose this hotel and apologize for taking so long to return the favor. My husband  I had an awesome 3 night stay here for our 20th anniversary (on our way to the other islands). Our ocean view room was fantastic. (If only I had a digital camera at the time I could post our photos online.) What a beautiful view from our lanai - we could watch the sailboats and surfers from our room. The sunsets were positively moving - sorry, we didn't get up in time to catch any sunrises. We were suprised by a gift basket with wine on our arrival - the card was very sweet. We went down to Duke's as soon as we were settled and the beach bar didn't disapoint. But even bettter was our Duke's dining room dinner where we were seranaded by a group of 3 tradtional Hawaain singers (older) They were so great! Our last night we wandered through the gift shops and everyone was so friendly - answered my questions no matter how silly; everyone was so pleasant and engaging. I know I am a tacky mainland american (all the way from Maryland) but those women made our stay so special. I can't wait to go back. ( Yes, our room was clean, quiet, and had a beautiful view...) Having walked along the Waikiki Beach, (and researched our choices) this hotel is not only a great value, it embodies the tradional spirit of Aloha.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Zany17
<Content>Great Location       view from ocean view balcony  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>simon.plester
<Content>Great accommodation: right on the beach... This hotel can boast the perfect location: right on the beach (no hassle crossing busy Kalakaua Ave). Room: extremely clean  comfortable, with in-room fridge (also safe, iron/ironing board), and nice bathroom (granite finish). Upgrade, from city to ocean view, was a definite plus. I am particularly picky, but would not hesitate in staying at this hotel again. Restaurants (again, on the beach) are enjoyable, esp. Dukes (don鈥檛 be put off by its 鈥減ickup bar鈥?demeanor).  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kozmo13
<Content>Great Stay ay Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach This is an excellent hotel. I'd dare to say the best you'll find in Waikiki. This isn't because it is a great facility, but rather its absolute prime location. It is directly across the street from the International Marketplace, a truly fascinating part of Hawaii and for sure a great souvenir stop. It鈥檚 within walking distance to the zoo, surfing, and almost the entire strip.HIGH POINTS: This hotel has a friendly and helpful staff that will seek to engage you. I find this far different from many other shops, restaurants, and hotels you are likely to encounter in Hawaii. For example, each day my wife and two small children set out to explore locations on the East and North shores. The valets would see to it that we had accurate direction in hand no matter how long it took. (At no point did they push for a tip or could they assume they were getting one- but of course they did). Housekeeping frequently made it a point to engage us to find out if there was anything else we needed. Our room, although small, was well appointed and very comfortable. It had a very nice bathroom and (empty) refrigerator. Free in-room internet and WIFI in the lobby and pool area. But, there is nowhere to sit!!LOW POINTS: Check in can be abrupt. They do seem a little too serious for the setting. The overall facility is much smaller than their website would make it seem. There is one relatively small pool and a small hot tub. There are no kiddy pools or even a shallow end. The total square footage devoted to outdoor activity (aside from public beach) is far too small to support the number of rooms and guests, but they do make it seem less crowded through an intelligent multi-level design.FOOD: The hotel has at least 2 (I think more) excellent restaurants. We ate many times at Duke鈥檚 and found it to be excellent food and an unbelievable bargain compared to other food in the area. For example; on Mother鈥檚 day, all 4 of us ate at their Sunday brunch for $35 with a nice tip. The food was some of the best I had on a 3 week trip to various islands in Hawaii. When compared to the $20 we spent eating a Waikiki fast-food breakfast on the way to the Zoo (also close), it truly seems like a bargain. The only major issue is the lack of sit down restaurants in the direct vicinity of the hotel. The only one was Cheesecake factory which had a perpetual 80-90 minute wait (total waste of time). In the end, we opted to eat at the most multi-cultural food court probably one of the best the planet many nights, the food court of the International market. It was great and a 2 minute walk. There was everything from cold coconuts, to sushi, hamburgers, Korean BBQ, pizza, Mexican, local cuisine鈥?all excellent and frequently accompanied by a free show.Overall, I鈥檇 say this is an excellent selection for Oahu and Waikiki. The only caveat is that one should dig deep for the best price. After getting the 鈥渁bsolute best price鈥?from a website that advertises that they beat everyone by 20%, I found the exact room for $300 less for 4 nights on the very next site I visited. Of course the first website did try hard to convince me that their special price was sold out (unless I booked a package) despite the fact that literally every other site (including the hotel) said it wasn鈥檛. Interestingly, they were still advertising their 鈥渟old out鈥?rate weeks after telling me it wasn鈥檛 available. So, be aware鈥?most prices in Oahu are a moving target.Have fun (and learn to surf)!!  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TeacherMommy7
<Content>Perfect Honeymoon! What a wonderful place! We originally booked it because of the reviews here on TripAdvisor, and I don't regret it one bit! This is also why I figured I'd help any of you out who are looking for a nice couples' spot on Waikiki Beach. That brings me to what's so great about it... it's literally a hop, skip, and a jump away from the beach, unlike many of the other hotels in the area that are across a main road from it. In regards to dining, Duke's was great for breakfast, lunch by the pool, as well as dinner and drinks! We dined there about 80% of the time during our stay. The hotel itself was clean, and we never heard any sounds from neighboring rooms, despite what other members who posted here might have experienced. Hope this helps!  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Peteetrius
<Content>The Outrigger 'Scoop!' Here is the scoop. The Outrigger is renovating their place, so naturally have to cut down on their fares to fill their rooms, its not because the place is a dump. There is absolutely nothing wrong with the place, yes the noise was obnoxious(if you're the type who sits by the pool ALL day and are afraid of sand). The staff was fine, food fine, outside bar on the beach perfect. Rooms were nothing special, but you don't go to Hawaii to sit in your room. They were clean, had plenty of fresh towels, comfy bed, cable and a personal safe in the closet, what more can you ask for? We also had the standard room which we thought was not going to have a balcony or a view, but in fact we did have a great balcony and it had a view of the sunset!! Oh yeah, how about the best shopping, restraunts, and leisure strolls right outside your hotel! If the minor things in life don't ruin your vacation like some of the people I see on this site, you are in for tons of fun.PS Rent a jeep, you'll love the coastline.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wouldnt stay anywhere else I have been to Hawaii several times in the past. This trip was my daughters 21st birthday celebration and her first trip. This was the dream location. We had reserved oceanview rooms but were upgraded at check in to a oceanfront room because no oceanview rooms were available with 2 beds. This was the greatest view ever. You could hear the music at nite from Dukes. Dont miss the Dukes on Sunday with Henry Copona. We did not have any complaint with anyone associated with the hotel. In fact, i left my wallet at the pool area and thanks to Roosevelt(hotel employee)it was returned to me. We did not take the hotel employees advise and took out on THE BUS one day for what we thought would be short ride to Dole. Nearly 2 hours later we arrived at Dole. So it is a good idea to listen to the recommendations. Everyone should have a piece of Hula Pie at Dukes before going home. The breakfast was a feast each morning. The pool is small and closes early but why complain when you have the whole ocean at your doorsteps. The water here is clear and had a sandy bottom. Never had to put on beach shoes like at other hotels very near by. I read another review about reserving beach chair and the problems she had-this did not happen to us-we called down early each morning and the chairs were tagged with our room number. They had fresh towels, fresh water and frozen washclothes available during the heat of the day. There is a sandwich shop on the lower lobby area dont remember the name but you can get fresh made sandwiches and enjoy on the beach. I may have to save up more money to return but this hotel is worth the price. We had so much fun at the hotel that we missed some of the planned activities. The aloha spirit live at Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach-cant wait to return Aloha  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ellbelle
<Content>Great location Just returned from a week long stay at the OW. This was our third time (in 16 years), but our 10 year olds first time. We chose the OW due to the location, especially that it is across from the IMP and for my shopaholic daughter this was a good fit. We thought that we would be on the go for most of the week but found ourselves enjoying beach and pool time, which changed the vacation a bit for us. We arrived at 11am, a room was not ready but we prepared for it, with a change of clothes. We did request our city view room to be on the opposite side of the Cheesecake Factory, this was not an unusual request according the the front desk. We then checked back at 1pm, and a room was ready.The room was a great size for three, with plenty of drawer space, and an ample closet for hang up clothes and luggage. The toilet and shower (no bathtub, although there are rooms that have them) is in a closet sized area, just as another reviewer has said. A bit cramped, but just keep the sliding door open. The lanai is tight with a table and two chairs, but a third chair can be pulled up from the inside (leave the door open) for all to enjoy. Our room was the second from the end, but we had a great view of the water, much better than I remember. The pool is small with no shade, but I knew this already. I did not run down in the early morning to reserve a chaise, but I had no trouble finding one or two chaises together in the afternoon (2ish). One afternnon I did notice that there were chaises that looked like they had not been used all day. There should be a time limit on unused chaises.For beach time, renting an umbrella and chaises is the way to go. The fee for this was $40.00 but I felt it was worth it. Just get down to beach by 7:45, and they will get it set up for you. This is yours for the day, so feel free to come an go as you choose. Be sure to have your umbrella set up away from the water, that way when the tide comes in, you are safe. We saw many in the first row get run out of their area, because all their things were getting wet. There is a great choice of restaurants, Duke's is always busy, but they will give you a pager. Having Seattle's Best Coffee in the lobby, is a nice supplement to the inroom coffee, and not expensive.For location, the OW can't be beat. It is a very busy hotel, with people everywhere. The beach is a good swimming beach but wall to wall people. It's a bit distracting to attempt to read, but great for people watching. Had I realized that we would do as much pool and beach time, I would have selected the HHV, but I am not disapointed choosing OW again.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Plepper
<Content>Great Honeymoon Stay Overall a good place to stay on Waikiki beach. Our room was comfortable and quiet, with a great view of the ocean and Diamond head. The room itself had plenty of space, and included a refridgerator in the bathroom which came in handy. I spent many evenings sitting out on the deck, sipping my drink and listening to the sounds of the ocean. Very relaxing. Hotel is right on the beach, in the middle of all the action/nightlife. Can't beat the location. My one disappointment was the lack of service. We didn't necessarily receive bad service, just nothing spectacular. For the price of the room, I expected a bit more. Overall a great place to stay if your destination is Waikiki.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful, Excellent and Beautiful Wow where to begin... This hotel was super. We went for our 21st Anniversary. The staff was helpful, the rooms were clean and had housekeeping service twice a day. The location is the best. We had a deluxe ocean view room overlooking the beach. The room had a jacuzzi in it and u could see the ocean while relaxin in the tub. Had a seperate large tile shower. We had breakfast every morning (included in our package) every morning at Dukes or the Hula Grill. Both excellent restaraunts. At night try the Plantation lemonade drink at the Hula Grill. It was my favorite. We always had a rail seat overlooking the ocean. The hostess knew thats where we wanted to sit after the first day everytime!! Everyone was so accomadating. The last day we had a 10:45pm flight and we had to check out by noon. Well the OW offers to their customers a comp room for 30 minutes so u can shower and clean up at the end of ur day. They hold ur luggage all that time and u are allowed in and out of the luggage room as many times as u like. Now that is service!!Went on a sunset dinner cruise which was absolutely breathtaking. The dinner was ok but the view was worth it. Like another review said about the time share people downstairs...yes they were there and everywhere u went walking down the main strip. Just a note of caution for anyone going to Waikiki in the next few months....there is a revitalization going on...some of the streets are blocked off, they are demolishing buildings....and so there are construction workers all around working. Im glad it started at the end of our trip. Some of the hotels further north from the OW were mostly affected. Just wanted to thank all of u who have written reviews here....b/c after alot of research and reading reviews I picked this hotel and I was so happy I did. My husband and I want to go back next year and we will definitely be staying at this hotel again. Email me if u want to know more about this fantastic hotel.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bradydude
<Content>Fantastic place to stay!!       Dinner at Hula Grill  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>reed13ja
<Content>Best Location on the Beach! My husband and I traveled to Honolulu on April 4-11 of 2006. We stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach. There are many other hotels in the Outrigger/Ohana chain in Waikiki, and they have similar names so be careful when reading reviews. This hotel is the flagship of the chain, and it is right on the beach in Waikiki. While walking the beach, we explored many other hotels and we agree that this hotel has the absolute best beach location for swimming and relaxing on the sand. The water in front of the hotel is not blocked by manmade concrete walls, as is it in front of many other hotels. The bottom of the ocean is mostly sandy with only a few hard corals and rocks, due to a natrual spring that originally emptied into the ocean right under where the hotel was built. The waves are gentle enough for small children to swim, and the water was shallow enough for me to stand on the bottom about 50 yards out. (I am about 5'10) There are plenty of activities close by, including catamaran and canoe rides, surf board and boogie board rentals. Down the beach to the left past the next hotel is a public beach area which is popular for surfing lessons. The waves here are a bit larger and the view from the Outrigger of the surfers and the famous Diamondhead beyond is great. The hotel has a decent pool and gym area, nothing phenomenal though. The hot tub was often crowded with kids and closes down at 3PM on Friday, Saturday, and Sundays to make room for live entertainment. There are plenty of beach chairs available for free on the pool decks, and for rent on the beach (umbrellas as well). The rental prices were a bit steep, $20 for a umbrella and $15 for a chaise lounge for the day. I would recommend going to one of the neighboring tourist shops and buying your own if you plan on spending a lot of time on the beach.As for the hotel itself, the resteraunts were great. The famous Duke's lives up to its reputation with great views and delicious food. In fact, one morning we had breakfast there we saw a tour group from Maui that was doing a one day tour of Oahu and made Duke's one of their stops. The hotel has a tour and activities desk with reasonably priced tours and rental cars. You could get them cheaper out on the street, but you typically have to be subjected to some kind of timeshare presentation.The room was great, very nicely decorated and well kept. You can tell the hotel has been recently renovated. The only complaint I have is noise from the hallways and adjoining doors to the rooms next door. A few times I had trouble getting to sleep because I could hear conversations in the hall as if the people were right next to the bed. I would recommend requesting a room away from the elevators. As for the views, we booked a city view room and ended up in the second to last room in the hallway. The hotel is situated perpendicular to the beach, so that rooms on the beach have a full on frontal view of the water, but the majority of rooms are along the sides of the hotel, with views of the surronding city. However, when we stepped out onto our balcony, we had a beautiful view of the beach and ocean. If you are interested in seeing the water, but not paying the full price of the ocean view, I would recommend the city view room. I believe they determine their pricing based on the view from the bed inside the room, not from the balcony. I would guess that every room in the hotel above the 4th floor would have a good view of the beach from the balcony.The International Market Place, a great place to get souveniers was right across the street. It is a very interesting open-air market covered by trees. You have to see it to believe it. There is a lot of construction going on along the street behind the hotel. They are improving the beach walk and adding a ton of great restaraunts and shopping. However, the construction noise is far enough away that you never hear it on the beach, and it didnt bother me even when we napped in the middle of the day in our room. It was not right on top of the Outrigger, but I assume it would be a little more bothersome at some of the hotels closer to the work.All in all, the Outrigger was a great hotel. We got a bargain, paying just under $150 a night to stay here. But with the great location, amenities, and service, I would have still considered paying upwards of $250 a night to be a bargain.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>The Wright Family
<Content>Great Location, on Waikiki       View from Chuck's Steak House  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everyone is NOT treated the same...very disappointing stay Before booking my reservation at the Outrigger Waikiki, I thought I did my homework. I read every available book on this hotel to include the reviews from this website, travel advisor. This was my third time visiting Hawaii and my daugther's first so I wanted to ensure that it to be very special for her. We arrived on a saturday and I called the hotel before taking a taxi since our flight was early. I was told that I could show up and if my room was available, then I could check in early since regular check in was 3 pm. We took a taxi to the hotel. WeI were greeted in the lobby by a very nice staff member who told me to go sit and Natalie would take care of me. As my daughter and I walked over to sit down, I immediately said Hello Natalie loud enough for Natalie to hear. To my shock and surprise, Natalie did not say a word back (No Aloha or Hello) to my daughter or I....this was not a good first impression by the outrigger staff which I had heard time and time again were friendly and outgoing. What do you say when something like this happens? I just sat there in totally amazement....no Aloha, hello or even acknowledgement that perhaps Natalie should exhibit the hawaiian attitude that draws so many people to Waikiki. Nothing. We were told to return at 1:30pm since our room was still not ready. At 1:30pm we returned and again, another rude front desk woman said that they were trying to get our room ready as quickly as possible and that we should return at 3pm. I pointed out to the woman that 3pm was the regular check in time but she said that was the best they could do...which was ok except for her going on and on how the outrigger was working quickly and that the room would be ready at 3pm as if they were going out of their way to assist us with an earlier arrival. We did return around 3:30 pm and after entering the room and noticing that the room faced the Cheese Cake Factory and its huge loud fan, I returned to the front desk and asked for my room to be changed. Well this didn't sit well with the front desk. I told them that for the kind of money I was spending for a six night stay, that there was no way I would not get a good night's sleep with that fan on all night. This is one of the good things that I learned in one of the travel advisor reviews was Do Not Get A Room that faces the Cheese Factory Fan!!! We were then moved to a room that although it did not have two beds like I had requested (just one king size bed) it was a definite improvement to the first room. No one at the front desk offered any information about services at the hotel and anything I eventually found out was on my own....Mahola! My daughter and I stayed at the pool due to the water scare in Waikiki because of pollution in the water a few weeks before. The pool attendants did not treat people fairly and only took care of those who paid them off on the side. It was so unfair. I paid to stay at this hotel like other customers yet if I didn't slip the pool attendants a little extra, then no lounge chair for me or my daughter. This goes agains the rules of the pool that state if you arrive by 8:00 am then you can get a chair if available. Day after day I would show up at 7:45 am and 2/3 of the chairs had Reserved signs on them yet the pool rules stated that only at 8:00 am chairs would be released. On my second to last day at the hotel, I asked one of the pool attendants about some of the chairs that were vacant for more than four hours which he claimed that the folks had just stepped away and would be back. Well I was at the pool from 9 am until 2pm and never saw anyone sit in these seats....payoff? You bet. I felt very discriminated against and even the waitresses who served drinks from Dukes seemed to focus on accomodating a specific crowd of folks although I tipped 20% each time. What gives? I was made to wait, I was asked for my ID when I am 42 years of age and constantly asked if I was staying at the hotel, the duration of my stay or when I was leaving. I did not feel welcomed in the least. Just discriminated against yet I paid just as well as the next person. Luckily, my daughter is young and was not aware of the discrimination and I hope she never will have to feel the way I was meant to feel. Paradise? Perhaps for some but for the average person I do not think so. Maybe I didn't have the right look, or maybe my new york accent was the thing that did it or maybe the staff who is suppose to treat all people the same, choose not to uphold the Hawaiian tradition we have heard so much about...Mahola.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>sjlk1966
<Content>Great Hotel in the Heart of Waikiki My husband and I stayed at the Outrigger with our 2 kids from April 5-12 and loved it. They upgraded us (unasked) from a city view to a partial ocean view. The room was spacious and nice, and the staff was very friendly. The 3 restaurants all overlooked the ocean.One warning: Watch out for the people in the lobby who try to talk you into going to a timeshare presentation. Don't go unless you're serious about buying a timeshare--it's high pressure and will blow a half day of your vacation.All in all, though, we loved this hotel. It was nice, kid friendly, and walking distance from shops and restaurants. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location Our family stayed here from April 9 until the 12th and loved everything about it. This hotel has wonderful, friendly customer service, is very clean and has a very upscale feel and look to it. The location is fabulous being on the beach and across the street from shopping and near many good restaurants. It is also situated in between 2 wonderful hotels, the Royal Hawaiian and the Moana Surfrider, on one of the best parts of Waikiki beach. We used our car only once to go out of the area. Duke's had a delicious and reasonably priced ($14.95) breakfast buffet the overlooks the ocean. This was a really above average stay for a hotel and I would definately recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vegasman44
<Content>Paradise We stayed at the OW from March 10 -20 and had a wonderful time. I had read many reviews prior to goingand had not stayed here before although had been to Hawaii many times. I was very happy with all aspects of the hotel and had no problems at all. We were upgraded from ov to pov which was nice and had no problems with hearing other rooms as I had read in other reviews. Service in hotel was excellent, especially the pool boys who did a great job for my family each day, advise - few dollars to them goes a long way. Restaurants were excellent, Dukes was happening every night. Must see is the Society of Seven show in the hotel, fantastic show excellent value. Hint - stay around after show in the lobby for pictures with them. Overall we had a fantastic trip and would stay here again without hesitation.Sure there was the odd thing that wasn't perfectbut I was on holiday in Hawaii so remember to hang loose.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Outrigger       Mim, wonderful front desk staff, greeted us  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LangleyVagabond
<Content>We will definitely stay here again! We stayed here March 11 - 19 and had a wonderful experience. The hotel was much nicer than we had expected, and the service just blew us away.We did not get un upgreade as so many other reviewers metion getting, as we had booked an oceanfront room aready, and the only move up from there would have been into a full fledged suite anyway. The hotel did however put us into one of the larger oceanfront rooms nearly at the top of the building. The room had two double beds as well as a full size sofa with pull out double bed.We had a totally unobstructed view. It was truly spectacular from up there. The water below was so clear, and from that hight you could see everything going on. One day we were sitting on the balcony watching a group of massive sea turtles swimming amongst the people for over an hour. The people in the water were not even aware that the turtles were all around them. We were chuckling to ourselves, as we believe some of the swimmers would have been quite freaked out had they noticed a 5 foot turtle surface 10 feet beside them.When we arrived in the room, the hotel had a card of welcome personally addressed to us attached to a gift basket filled with local delicacies and treats waiting for us. In all my years of travel, I had never seen a hotel do that for me before.The housekeeping was phenomenal. Our room was made up twice daily. They replaced any used towels at each cleaning, even if we had then hung up. Each night when they turned down our beds, they left some sweets and a little card with a short write up about a local custom or fact on our pillows.We had a rental car and left it with their valet service for the whole 8 days. I did not find a fee of $18 per day expensive for that, seeing how you could take the car in and out as often each day as you wished. Most public parking places chaged more.The restaurants in the hotel were all great, and we tried each one at least once. The food was consistenly good quality and nicely presented.All the staff at the hotel were very friendly, and made sure that you were always well taken care of.The hotel itself was recently completely renovated, and they are even now constructing a new spa facility. All the carpenting, bedding and even the staff uniforms were custom fabrications bearing the hotel's signature foliage. It all looked very tropical and inviting.We were truly sad when it was time to leave.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sobelove
<Content>Small room, but great for one night in Waikiki- Perfect staff. After a 10 hour flight, it was wonderful to finally get to the hotel. We checked in at 8pm and the process was fast, the woman was friendly, and there was no trouble. The bell hop was energetic when we gave him our bags--and we saw that the hotel was active and lively--if we weren't so tired we would have gone out and enjoyed it. When we got to my room, I was glad I was staying only one night because it was very small and the mattress was hard. We had a cruise to board the next day at 8pm, so we had time to kill in Waikiki. We checked out at 7am and the bell hops stored our bags for the day so we could explore without clutter. It was super easy and they were so happy to help. We also went to the excursions/information desk and the woman was extremly prepared and helpful. She gave us a map and priceless amounts of information. The hotel is right on the beach, the guests are happy and lively and the service made the room seem not bad (I mean, you're in Hawaii! Why would you spend all that time in the room anyway?)  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Soonerfan51
<Content>awesome hotel. We just got back from our honeymoon and we stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach and loved it. When we arrived we were upgraded from a full ocean front to a delux full ocean front on the 6th floor. The view was amazing and we didnt find it noisy at all. we went to bed at about 1 in the morning every night and slept with the patio door open and enjoyed listening to the ocean all night. Dukes is a great place to eat breakfast, we had the buffet everyday (the hotel gave us free coupons to eat there every morning, check with your travel agent). The location is great, a close walk anywhere and the service is outstanding. We had a cocktails at the Hula gril bar in the evening and found it very relaxing with live music in the bar area and it was a very intimate setting to talk. We will go experience a different island next time in Hawaii, but after visiting them all we will go back to oahu and stay at the outrigger again.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wjep767
<Content>Not as great as expected. The outrigger is right in the middle of things. Good location right on the beach, however, the pool area is very small and crowded and if you want to use the sand beach you are not allowed to drag hotel chairs off of the hotel property. You have to either rent chairs or get a reed mat (for a dollar) to lie on. My biggest complaint is the noisiness of the rooms. the walls are thin,the doors do not fit tightly and you can hear the folks next door conversing without any problem. We happened to have a couple of partiers that dragged in each night after 4AM and made quite a racket.We did have a fairly good view- called a partial ocean view but you could look directly across from the room into the rooms of the hotel next door. The better rooms are numbers greater than x15 and toward the higher floors. They are closer to the beach and the view is less obstructed.I did enjoy the coffee and free internet access and the beds are very comfortable..The room is spacious with good amenities. The hotel did have several very good restaurants. It is a good idea to have a reservation especially at Duke'sI will probably not stay here again. Too many other choices and being right on the beach side of the road is not that big a deal. I think the Aston or Marriott up by the park would be a better value and in a much less crowded area  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MisrEmiri
<Content>Would have enjoyed it better if I was still in my 20s Stayed here with 83 year old dad 15 Feb 2006 - 22 Feb 2006. Location indeed excellent. Very busy and noisy atmosphere. Our room on 4th floor on west side of building overlooking the infamous fans of the Royal Hawaiian shopping centre; with balcony door open, very loud; with door closed, sound greatly muffled. Also, kitchen smells wafting upwards made for another good reason to keep the balcony door shut. Only ate breakfast at Duke's; buffet decent but the restaurant itself is very dark, even first thing in the morning. The crowd here seemed rather young, and even though nothing happened, the hotel had the atmosphere of Daytona during spring break. Valet parking efficient and friendly, but get ready to pay the daily fee. Because the hotel occupies such a narrow strand on the beach, no real patio or verandah for my dad to sit and enjoy the view of the beach or Kalakaua Avenue (unlike the next door Sheraton Moana Surfrider). Obvious from my previous visit to Honolulu that Waikiki beach always ridiculously over-crowded, so didn't even attempt to visit the beach here, nor the very small poolside. Would probably stay at Hyatt Regency Waikiki or Sheraton Moana Surfrider next time in Honolulu.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Temeha
<Content>Mixed Feelings about the OWB Now that many guests are giving the OWB glowing reviews, it seesm that I'm going to throw a spanner in the works. We just returned from a 10 day stay at the Outrigger Waikiki, and this is going to be a hard one because we felt there are good points and not so good points about the hotel. First the good - the hotel is in a great location, being right on the beach, directly across the street from the International Market Place, and surrounded by many shops and dining options. Plus it is a quick stroll to Kuhio Ave, which is where all the major bus stops are in Waikiki. This close proximity to many attractions makes it a great option for those who do not wish to hire a car and would rather be within walking distance to a lot of things. The rooms seem to have been recently refurbished and they are a good size with comfortable beds and reasonably attractive decor. Our very small balcony overlooked a neighbouring shopping complex with a huge exhaust fan that was extremely noisy when the door was open. However, thankfully when the door was closed the noise was minimised significantly. The rest of the view was rather nice, particularly at night. Ok, now time for the big complaints....being a large hotel, it was EXTREMELY busy and noisy, so if you're looking for a nice, quiet, relaxing  hassle-free holiday, this is not the place for you. This is exactly the type of holiday we were looking for, and frankly we left feeling just as stressed as we were when we arrived. NOISE: the overall level of noise in and around the hotel was unacceptable. We discovered we were in an interconnecting room and the guests in the other room were a mother and her 2 extremely naughty children. One night around 10:30pm the yelling, swearing and fighting got so bad I was so close to calling security. Afraid of the consequences, I decided to butt out and hope it stopped soon! But I can assure you, I heard every word, slap and scream as plain as if they were in the very same room as us. The walls are definitely paper thin, and you can hear voices, thuds, showers running and toilets flushing all day and night. And having children in the room next door meant we rarely enjoyed a nice sleep-in because they were up yelling and screaming at each other at day break. Also you can hear telephones ringing from other rooms. Certainly not what you need to hear on holidays. ELEVATORS: were so full, and would just about stop on every floor on the way down, so patience is required. The only time they weren't full was early in the mornings. BARS/DINING: We dined at the Hula Grill a couple of times and found the food  service of excellent quality. However, you must get there early (around 5-6pm) if you dont want to wait for a table. Even when we made reservations we found ourselves waiting in the over-crowded bar with a pager. So dont bother making reservations, just turn up and be prepared to wait. The Plantation Bar was great for a happy hour drink, and very quiet and relaxing around 4-5pm, but be prepared for the evening rush by around 6pm. We didn't even bother trying to sit and drink and Dukes because it was always so full/overcrowded and extremely noisy. It was impossible to sit and have a nice conversation because of the deafening noise. The line for dinner every night was just unbelievable, so again we only ate there once and that was at 5pm because any time after 6 you usually have to wait at least an hour or two for a table. If you are not too hungry get there early and work up an appetite while you wait in line. POOL/BEACH - this is my biggest gripe by far. They have a ridiculous and (I think) extremely rude system whereby guests are able to reserve the sun lounges by the pool all day long, whether they use them or not. Unless you got to the to pool at 7am and reserved a chair, it was very difficult to get one unless you stood there and stalked like a vulture until someone finally left or removed their towel (being the reserved sign). I saw many chairs reserved and never used all day long! I found this extremely inconsiderate and rude to other guests. If you're not swimming in the pool/beach or close by then as far as I'm concerned you shouldn't be able to reserve your chair for the rest of the day. So out of 10 days we got to sit by the pool twice. I wasn't happy at all. The beach directly in front is also very crowded and its hard to get a nice piece of sand. However, if you enjoy the whole crowd scene then this might be just the place for you. Staff were always friendly and welcoming, and service was fairly efficient, but overall its a very busy, hectic, noisy and happening place, so if you enjoy the peace and quiet and being able to relax while on holidays, I wouldn't recommend this hotel at all. I doubt we will return to Oahu because we felt the whole island was overcrowded and overrated, but if by chance we do I would definitely opt for something smaller and more intimite next time.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Place to Stay Outriiger on the Beach was a great place to stay...It was right in the middle of everything on Waikiki beach..My husband and I celebrated our 5 year wedding anniversary there. And we had the best time...The rooms are very spacious and clean. Duke's bar was a hip place to hang out, eat,and drink a Mai Tai...They also have a popular live band that plays there every Friday night which was great!! I can't say anything bad about this hotel...We will stay here again when we visit Hawaii again!!! Awesome!!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SierraMadreMember
<Content>really nice spot just returned from the OWB. enjoyed a great, upgraded room, on the first floor, directly above duke's. big full balcony, big jet tub and glass shower both with ocean views. the noise of the bar wasn't bad for us, nice music and great people watching. fun beach, you must do the outrigger canoe and surf the gentle waves.. and best location in the middle of all the action. walked everywhere in waikiki and determined we made the best decision with the OWB. ONLY complaint is parking fee, be sure to check on this as ours was $54 per day. considering we never moved the car for four days that is a bit much. should have returned the rental before our stay and taken a shuttle back to airport. Also, reco the turtle bay at north shore...  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jabmoore
<Content>The best hotel on Wakiki! What a great place to stay! The rooms were large and beautifully decorated. We had paid for a partial oceanview and were given a courtesy upgrade to full oceanview on the 10th floor. Every night we could watch the sunset from our lanai. Duke's was a nice place to eat and reasonably priced. Compared to the Sheraton PK where we were for the first few nights of our stay, the Outrigger Wakiki is a Ferrari compared to an older model Toyota.Be sure to take advantage of the canoe surfing and catamaran sailing that is available right in front of the hotel on the beach. The prices are suprisingly low and the crews are the nicest group of people you can meet anywhere.ALOHA!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BelfastAussie
<Content>Loved it So Much are going back 9th March 2006 Having Traveled a lot around U.S.A. and stayed in a lot of good hotels, we found the Outrigger Reef on the Beach an excellent Hotel. Sure we were given an upgrade to a Partial Ocean View ,but this Hotel has it all Service, good food, amenities, etc. We stayed last February and liked it so much we are staying this March the 9th 2006. Also my Son and his girlfriend are also comming on Our recommendation, we have been to Hawaii 4 times staying at Various Propertys Princess Kailani ect. but this is by far the best we have stayed at for Value for Money. Can,t Wait Harry Melbourne Australia  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Debbiez3
<Content>Beautiful Hotel We stayed at this hotel Jan. 29th-31st. It was way nicer than we expected. The room was big with lots of nice furniture. WE had a partial oceanview room and loved the view. We ate at Duke's and Hula Grill and both were very good. And the prices were moderate.The maid service was great. They were really nice and helpful. The location is the best! Didn't care for the International Marketplace right across the street. Things looked cheap, and if you walked too far back it didn't feel very safe anymore. So beware when walking back there.We enjoyed the other shops around and in the hotel.We were on the 14th floor and didn't notice the noise that other viewers had talked about. Our hallway was very quiet.WE loved this Beautiful hotel and would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a heaven on earth I stayed at the Outrigger On The Beach Jan 2006. My flight was delayed by three and a half hours and after 19 hours travelling I arrived at the hotel at 3am and was still greeted with a smile and warm welcome, to find they had upgraded my room, I had a wonderful clean ocean view room and housekeeping could not have been better, the room was always perfect and clean. I enjoyed the gym and I always got a chair by the pool whatever the time of day. All the staff were so friendly and helpful. I could lay by the pool and do my laundry as it was so close by and the Dukes Bar was great. my lanai had a great view and was nice and sheltered, the thing that impressed me most was how all the staff tried to make my stay so enjoyable. A big thank you to all at the outrigger Waikiki.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SirLou
<Content>We had a great time! We just returned from a trip, where we stayed 7 nights at the Outrigger Waikiki Beach.It is by far, the most happening location in Waikiki. Very busy. We really enjoyed hitting happy hour at the Hula Grill for cheap drinks, where we would also have happy hour food. Food was great. Dukes is also a happening place, great food. Make reservations. If you walk down the strip, you find cheap drinks $1.00 beers  $2.00 Mai tai's in the afternoon, but the location is not as good as where the Outrigger Waikiki Beach is.I have to agree with other reviews, it is noisy at the Hotel. I strongly suggest staying on one of the higher floors. We originally had a room on the 2nd floor, and moved up to the 6th floor. Big difference.The walls are thin.But you can't beat the location of the Outrigger Waikiki Beach. It's location, location, location!I have stayed at other Hotels in Waikiki, and if you're looking for a happening time choose the Outrigger Waikiki Beach. If you're looking for a relaxing time, choose Hilton Hawaiin Village; or go to one of the other Islands.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lombear
<Content>Busy but a good quality hotel. Would stay again.            
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NOISY and lacking any Aloha - it's back to the Outrigger Reef for us! We have just returned from 12 nights at the Outrigger Waikiki. This was the first time we have stayed at this property, in the past staying at the Outrigger Reef just up the beach a little.I would never stay here again. Ever. I am not an overly demanding person ( though it may appear so from this review!) - I just expect what I pay for. The only thing this hotel has going for it is it is in the BEST location on Waikiki Beach.The water and sandy floored ocean are magnificent. We arrived at 9:30 am to a surly Front Desk women. No welcome, no smile - the only good thing she had to say was ' your room is ready '. We appreciated this after an all night flight. We had paid alot of money for an Ocean Front room as it was a special birthday. The King Ocean Front rooms are very very small and claustrophobic - no sitting area, just a bed, desk, chair and small robe. After 1 night we requested a change to a Double Ocean Front and were pleased to see they were literally twice the size with sitting area, desk, walk in robe. The next 'issue'was our neighbours were obviously working in a different time zone while on holiday and their phone and TV rang and blared all night. After 2 sleepless nights we requested another room swap. The Front desk was very obliging with all these room swaps for which we were grateful. My husband had written to the GM of the property prior to us leaving advising of my birthday. Each day a newsletter announcing birthdays, anniversarys etc was delivered to each room. My birthday was not acknowledged so either he did not receive the letter or didn't care. Disappointing.If you were to stay at this Outrigger I would suggest that if you like to be asleep before midnight EVERY night you should NOT splash out for an Ocean Front Room. The music and noise levels emanating from Dukes below is extremely loud and sleep impossible even with the doors and curtains shut. Save your money and go for a Part Ocean view - your stress levels will be contained. Friday Saturday and Sunday nights are the worst as live bands start at 3pm...and some of them are not actually all that great! We spent alot of time across the street at the Sheraton Princess Kailani and back at our old favourite the Outrigger Reef - they have live Hawaiian Music each night - it was peaceful and conveyed the ALOHA spirit far more than anything we heard at Dukes in 12 days.And now to the pool. This is not a large pool and poolside chairs are at a premium. I suspect there is a system at the pool for guests who return year after year ( perhaps timeshare?) The pool staff have a printout each day and appear to 'reserve' chairs for anyone on this list but if you are not on the list don't expect any favours. After being disappointed several days in a row I asked how you go about getting a chair reserved and was told quite bluntly to come down at 6:30 am and put your towel down on a chair. So as you can imagine after being awake until midnight due to the racket below and having to get up at 6:30 am to reserve a chair this was not the relaxing holiday we had planned on. Even more disappointing was that a quarter of these 'reserved' lounges weren't used all day! Also the pool closed at 6pm each day and the hot tub at 3pm some days.The breakfast buffet at Dukes was very average - if it had not been included in our package we would not have gone there. The fruit was under ripe and the tea and coffee luke warm. Our one eveing meal at Dukes in the evening was ruined by a smart mouthed male waiter who over promised and under delivered.So to sum up this is not what I expected of Outriggers Flagship property. Next visit I will return to the Outrigger Reef where the staff have a true spirit of ALOHA, the atmosphere is welcoming and comfortable, the rooms though a little tired are spacious and quiet( though I believe they are being renovated as we speak )the entertainment is Hawaiian, the pool and hot tubs are opened late into the night and there are oodles of lounges, the restaurants are casual and well staffed and you are very sad to leave what had become your home away from home. We felt no attachment to the Outrigger Waikiki at all and this property could learn many valuable lessons from her sister property up the beach.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome        View of Hotel from ocean  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Littlebigman
<Content>Great Honeymoon I was prepared to be unimpressed but couldn't have asked for more. We arrived pretty late to the hotel and were very tired from the time change - we were on our honeymoon and I had expected to be refused an upgrade even though I had printed out the email from outrigger that said that every attempt would be made to move us to a deluxe room upon arrival. I got a grin from the front desk as if I was trying to con them and was told that there were no rooms available that were an upgrade from my room. I also had to wait while she confirmed my breakfast coupons because there was no mention of it from the reservation service...luckily I had my receipt with me and she handed us an envelope with all the vouchers. I was a bit put off that we had established a relationship of me trying to get more than was agreed upon but to be fair some of the trouble may have been with the booking agency and since I got a very big discount, a free night, and daily breakfast...I can't complain too much. The view in our room was the type of ocean view that one would want on Waikiki. Diamond Head to the left and prime beach view below and to the right. As far as the room..it was very nice and the service was supreme. We attempted to use the email service on the TV - I purchased it at 11:30 am and when we returned after lunch it no longer worked. When I called the front desk I was told that it expires at noon each day so she credited back my bill when I questioned the fairness of that. Dukes Bar in the lobby was just great and besides the excellent breakfast we found ourselves returning for drinks, a burger at lunch, and dinner one night. I would highly recommend The Ocean House at Outrigger on the Reef though because they really went all out to make our dinner special...free dessert, a few drinks, and a picture taken at the table. Word of advice...if you are on your honeymoon...tell the hostess at ever place you go. We sat beachside at every restaurant we went to. We capped off the week at the Royal Hawaiian brunch which was just wonderful. Most fun on the trip was Snorkeling at Hanauma Bay, Hiking Diamond Head, Drinks at The Royal Hawaiian, Lava Cake at Roy's Restaurant (although $40 cab ride each way put a damper on what otherwise was an awesome meal), and a special mention of the Sunset Catamaran at Outrigger Reef...much better than Mai Tai Catamaran.......unlimited drinks..better ride and we saw dolphins. Check out Magnum Tours down from the hotel.....we spent hardly anything on our tours ($25 a piece for an all day island circle tour...$7 to Pearl harbor and the flea market, $8 to Hanauma Bay including rental of mask, fins, snorkel) and it all went off without a hitch......I say pass on any Luau though.....very lame....and take a small handgun to shoot any time share condo salesmen that circle like sharks all over the main strip. As everyone does we plan to return...one day and we will stay at Outrigger Waikiki again. It was our style. We enjoyed The Royal Hawaiian and Moana Surfrider bars and property but we both agreed that Outrigger was more what we needed and wanted.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cherbonsy
<Content>A 4 star hotel with 3 star allure Things could be worse at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach, but considering the price for this supposedly 4 star hotel, there wasn't a whole lot to get excited about. On the pros side, the rooms were large, and the location on Waikiki Beach is outstanding. Even the partial ocean view rooms have a decent peek of the Pacific, and there is surfboard, outrigger and catamaran rental on the beach right outside the hotel. Service at the front desk area is competent, and the valet service (while mandatory - no self parking - and rather pricey at $18/night) is quick and pleasant. The Hula Grill and Duke's restaurants both serve great food (and the prior will serve you a free ice-cream sandwich desert if you tell them you're a returning diner).On the cons side, the hotel, built in 1967, felt worn with the renovations being of sub-Ikea quality. The walls are really thin and if the couple next door are on honeymoon or have kids, you'll know. While broadband service is included with the price of the room, I averaged 5Kbps ... a lot slower than simple dial-up. Common to many of the hotels in Waikiki, the elevators were slow (expect up to 5 minutes wait time in the lobby), and customer service via the phone was unreliable (it took 3 calls to get the hotel to process a request for 3rd party billing my room).All in all, while competitive for Waikiki, the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach is too pricey considering the drawbacks.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location but very noisy Fantastic location, right on the centre of Waikiki overlooking the beach.Rooms are small (1960s style) with low ceilings and no real bathtub.Good restaurants in the complex.The biggest downside: the noise. The walls are thin and you can hear every sound from adjacent rooms plus plumbing noises. And, of course, the good lcoation means you hear lots of noises from the street until midnight.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time       Meeting friends at Duke's  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outrigger turned out to be very good Overall the hotel turned out to be very very good. Not excellent but very close. We stayed there shortly after Christmas through New Years. We had an Ocean View room but it actually was half Ocean View, half City View. I would say the room wasn't exactly Ocean View but still turned out very good. Personal suggestion, shell the dough for an Ocean Front room or save the dough and get a Partial Ocean/City View room.The room was very clean and spacious. The bath area was a bit small but it's not like I'm running laps in there. Tons of closest space and a nice couch by the balcony. Good tv channels when you do sit down and watch some tv (comedy central, mtv, espn, tbs, tnt for example).It's true, the elevators are slow during peak hours (late morning for example). If you're on the lower floors, you should just use the stairs, the elevators will always be full on the way down. The rest of the hotel is very nice, it's great that's it's right off the beach too. 10 steps and you're on the beach.Had breakfast at Duke's for their buffet. Pretty good and a good value at 12/person. Again, it's right on the beach so that's a plus.Great location for the hotel in general. In the middle of the Kalakau Ave with tons to do around there. If you rent a car, valet is $18 a day but the guys in front are plesant.Overall I would definitely stay here again, but would definintely either go big with an Ocean Front room or go cheap with a City room. The only thing that would make it better would be some kind of rewards program (thus I considered the Hyatt for that reason).  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KeliAna702
<Content>We loved staying at Outrigger Waikiki       full ocean view from our lanai  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ugarx
<Content>Enjoyable stay I thought the hotel was great, good location if you want to be right on the beach (the best hotel for this). I will agree with poor soundproofing, but even me being a light sleeper (must sleep with rain noisemaker) and a room right outside the elevators, I was still able to sleep peacefully until about 8 each morning. The ocean view was great and location very good. Bought breakfast with room, great deal at Duke's and Hula for that. Had yummy chicken and steak kabob dinner at Duke's my last night. Would not recommend Chuck's-find another steak house. Staff was always very helpful. What a wonderful break from the cold December weather, would definitely come back!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply the best!  We just got back from a 1-week stay at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach. When we arrived, we had no lines. We had booked a city view and were offered a partial ocean view. We were very happy! Our luggage arrived very fast. The room was very clean and smelled fresh. The beds were very comfortable. We had 2 adults and 2 kids, so the 2 beds and sofa sleeper were perfect for us. The view from the balcony was amazing (Surfers, leisure boats, ships, submarines and happy sunbathers and swimmers). When the sliding glass door to the balcony was opened, you could here the relaxing sound of waves crashing on the shore. Note: A/C turns off when sliding door is open to conserve energy. Don't sleep with door open if you like it cool. All the staff we encountered were very friendly. For a quick snack try the hotel snack shop (near the pool). They have a very unique hot dog made from hamburger. Work out center looks into bottom of swimming pool. A fun way to watch your kids when you work out. The hotel is located on one of the premier shopping and dining strips. Everything is a short walk away. The beach was nice but had some rock/coral in the water. Larger beach is a short walk away. Overall we were very satisfied. We had a great rate from Expedia and we would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>riffsmom
<Content>Outrigger Waikiki -location,location, location The Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach is in a perfect location right in the center of Waikiki. The beach istself has a lovely sandy bottom and you can easily walk to anywhere. Check-in was done in a relaxed personal manner. If you want a view of the beach but want to pay city view prices ask for a room in the center. Rooms ending in 00and 01(400,500etc.)are on the eastern side of the hotel. There is some noise from the top of the Royal Hawaiian shopping center but to me it was white noise, kind of like an air conditioner and it didn't bother me. You can see out to the beach and across rooftops to the lights of the city. rooms ending with 12 and 14 (512,514 etc.) are on the west side. You can see the beach, there is less noise but you are hemmed in by the taller hotel (MoanaSurfrider) next door. We had a lovely meal at the Hula Grill. It overlooks the beach and is above Duke's so you can hear the entertainment but don't have to deal with the noisy crowd there. All the service people were polite and helpful. They have a good activities desk, outriggers and catamaran right there. The pool has shady spots. All in all I would say it was a fun place to stay.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BarbMike
<Content>Could hear Everything through paper thin walls! We took great pains to stay at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach, but were very disappointed. Our primary complaint was the lack of soundproofing in the rooms! I'm certain that the couple next door would have been horrified to know that everything from their conversations to their lovemaking could be clearly heard in our room (over our television!) We wrote a complaint card to the front desk, but it fell on deaf ears. Needless to say, not much sleep on this vacation. 'Wouldn't stay here again. Hula Grill was wonderful - best fresh fish ever. As for Dukes - forget it.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ideal location and ideal hotel       view from our city view room  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>azaccone
<Content>Ideal location on Waikiki Although my wife and I were a bit disappointed in being turned down for an upgrade as our 15th floor ocean view room was more of a City View (opposite Diamondhead), we highly recommended this facility. The bottle of champagne for our honeymoon was a nice touch and the overall appearance of the room was immaculate and well appointed. Our package included buffet breakfast at Dukes or a sit down breakfast at the Hula Grill which served ample breakfast fare even if one had to pay the $12.95 pp.I highly recommend the Hula Grill for happy hour as they have great drink and appetizer specials. My fave is the crab and mac nut wontons. I also recommend the Na Hoku catamaran cocktail cruise which is a two hour morning or sunset cruise off Waikiki which sets sail right on the hotel's beach. They are very generous with the alcohol (beer, rum, scotch, champagne etc.) and it attracts some real characters. For a nice but pricey meal out, I recommend Alan Wongs and their 7 course chef's choice menu. Back to the hotel... Although I am not one for lounge acts, I highly recommend the Society of Seven show. These guys are brilliant.I would however, eat elsewhere instead of wasting your money on the very average and rushed buffet. The room itself (70's retro) does not lend itself to a fine dining experience. The biggest turnoff however, are the pushy timeshare people on the lower level of the hotel. Do not make eye contact with them and do not be afraid of being rude by ignoring them. I recommend taking the escalator to and from the lobby level and avoid this area at all costs. Being from NY, I am used to pushy people but they are close contenders. Yes, the parking here is exorbitant. However, this is par for the course in Honolulu. The valets are very efficient and frequent tipping is highly recommended for even quicker service. Another great perk offered by Outrigger is the traditional Hawaiian vow renewal ceremony on the grounds of the Outrigger Reef. This is a complimentary service offered every Tuesday and Friday and made for a very memorable experience for us. Anyway, I can drone on about what a great place this is overall and how we will probably return, but I will let the previous reviews speak for themselves.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Steigy
<Content>Great city-view rooms If you stay on a high floor and on the Diamondhead side       City View from Lanai (Balcony) of Room 1009  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>amberr7
<Content>Great time at Outrigger       View from room  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nonamenoplace
<Content>Best location and value There are only two properties in Waikiki where you can head out one side of the hotel building and be on the beach and head out the other side and be on the main drag. This is one of them.Our city view room on the 4th floor was next to the elevator but a great room design reduced any noise. The bathroom was tiny but well appointed. The room was nicely decorated with Hawaiiaana. Sure, 75% of our view was looking at the backside of the Royal Hawaiian, but from the lanai we had a nice view of the beach.We had to wait for the elevator once or twice during our three nights there. No big. The valet operation was one of the nicest and most convenient I've encountered. The valet rates went up 11/1/05 to $17 per night.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SDParadiseJewelry
<Content>Best beach, loved it.       View outside our room  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jaeger_10_08_05
<Content>Not as great as I read.... We stayed at the Outrigger for our Honeymoon from October 29th through November 5th. After reading all of the reviews on Trip Advisor, I thought it was going to be a great hotel. This is the first review I've ever written because I'd like to share our experiences. The location and the views could not be better from the Outrigger. You are literally minutes from everything on Waikiki Beach. And the rooms (at least ours) was very spacious and clean. We booked a standard City View in hopes of an upgrade after reading about the possibility of one on this site, but even though it was our Honeymoon, we were not upgraded. We still had a view of the ocean if we leaned out our balcony.... As for the not so good stuff, as stated in many reviews of this hotel, the noise is terrible! We heard our neighbors up until 3 in the morning, the air conditioner made noises every night and you could hear toilets flush all over the place. We were on the 4th floor (which is actually the 6th), and we heard a lot of street traffic as well. If sleep is in your plans in Hawaii, try a hotel with better construction. The other complaint I had was with Dukes. We thought we were going to have a fun bar to hang out at and every night we tried to go there, there was no seating available, it was hot and uncomfortable and too many people crammed into the small bar space. We hit every bar in Waikiki and Dukes was by far our least favorite (and we are young!) So, my review is neutral because the location is awesome, but noise is quite a problem (at least to us it was!). When we go back, we will not be staying at the Outrigger. Next door at the Royal Hawaiian seemed much better!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ashah7
<Content>One of the best on Waikkiki Beach This is the second time i have been to Honolulu. The first time my wife and I stayed at the Hilton Hawaiian Village for our honeymoon. We found it way too secluded from the other hotels,impersonal and the hotel rooms are very dated there.We were very happy with our choice this time with the Outrigger. The hotel staff are very courteous, the rooms are large, clean and the bathrooms are big and modern. There is a free fridge and free safe and free phone calls you can make to the US. Also the hotel is one of few that is right on the beach. Many other hotels in the area are across the street from the beach. The pool area is average but that is the case with most hotels in the area because they expect you to be at the beach. The beach itself is jammed with people shoulder to shoulder but that is the case anywhere on Waikkiki beach. The hotel is in the center of everything and has one of the best spots on the main strip.Overall the hotel is a very good one but at the same time it can be costly to stay there. I would stay here again if I got a better deal on room rates. I paid $218/night on expedia not including expedias $24/night taxes and fees.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lots of Fun, Great Location Husband and I stayed here October 9-16, 2005. We, too, struggled with this hotel or the Hilton Hawaiian Village. We did visit the Hilton when we got there and were glad we chose the Outrigger. The Hilton is nice but too spread out and off the beaten path. The Outrigger is in the best location on Waikiki. It's right on the beach. When we checked in we asked for an upgrade, based on all the reviews we read on TripAdvisor where people said they got automatic upgrades. They told us we would have to pay an additional $200 per night. We said, forget it. I told them that several people on TripAdvisor said they got free upgrades. I was told they stopped doing that about a month ago. They will only upgrade for free if your room category is full. That was a big disappointment. However, we had an ocean view, which is just as nice as the ocean front so if you're trying to save money, the ocean view is nice. Our room was nice and kept clean. Everything we needed was very close and the hotel lobby had a sundry store that had everything we needed. Lots to do in this area and you do not need a car. There are trolleys and buses everywhere and lots to see and do within walking distance. Great activities desk that handled all our activity planning. Staff was all very courteous and helpful. Elevators were a hassle at times. There are only 3 elevators for 16 stories. This wasn't enough and had to wait on elevators a lot. Very nice free breakfast every morning. Choice of two restaurants. Try the Hawaiaan Ice Tea at Dukes. Bartender, Jesse, created it and presented on TV. Workout room is below ground and has a huge window with a view of underneath the pool. So know if you're in the pool, there's a good chance someone is on the treadmill in the fitness room watching you swim. Kinda weird. Lots of free live entertainment at Dukes. Had a great time at this hotel and would definately stay again.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sniperman
<Content>the Reef is sneaky We arrived with a reservation for a standard room. Went to the room and turned right around. It was so small 2 people could not meet, the bathroom was the smallest I have ever seen and when you open the window curtain you stare right into a blank wall, about 10 ft. away. I dont know if this is the way they get you to ask for an upgrade. Well, I did and asked for ocean view. After some looking they found it and told me that it would be an additional $ 200 for a 7 day stay. That was OK, so I initialled it. They assigned us the penthouse on the 18th floor. Great rooms and wonderful view. The surprise came at check-out time. The $ 200 was the charge per night, so I owed an additional $ 1400. After some discussion with the manager she waltzed around and finally dropped it to $ 100/night. I did not ask for the penthouse, just a ocean front room. I feel that this was a bait and switch plan. Give them the worst room in the house and then sock it to them. Very unhappy. Food is OK and not too expensive. The front bar is the best, live entertainment, friendly bar keep.Advise: Make sure your room is what you expect. Standard room is nothing as explained. I will never return to this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Adriane
<Content>Wonderful time in Oahu!       Oceanview Room 920  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Asiachai
<Content>A BIG Skip it!! NO bang for the buck! We recently just returned from a 5 night stay from this supposedly recently renovated hotel. We paid over $300 a night for an ocean view and it was more like partial ocean view room. Fine, then when we arrived to our room, the bathroom had a 3 foot tube in this 鈥渇ull bath鈥? Soap scum all over the shower head. Front desk was more than willing to be UNACCOMMODATING to almost every small request we had. Very disappointing!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Experience I just got back from spending 7 nights at the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach. I had an Oceanview room that was spectacular. I was impressed by how clean the room was kept. This hotel is located right on the beach and near many shops and restaurants. Parking is valet only and costs $15/day. I found driving in and out of the hotel a bit of a pain. The traffic is horrible in this area, give yourself plenty of extra time when driving. I booked my package through Costco travel, and the package included free breakfast each morning at either Duke's or Hula Grill. Both have breathtaking views, I found eating there each morning a great way to start the day. Duke's has a really good breakfast buffet and gets very busy in the morning. Hula Grill is more laid back in the morning and you order off the menu. The breakfast were better than what you get at most hotels.Phone calls are free, and there is free internet access for your laptop.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Suziflo
<Content>Did we die and go to heaven?!!! We stayed here Oct 11-19th what a grand hotel we couldn't have chosen a better place to stay. From the moment we checked in to leaving for the plane our stay was excellent....Upon check in you sit at a desk like counter to do this. After reading so much on trip advisor about upgrades I asked about it and they said they don't do that I was dissappointed but went on further to ask them if my file had been marked that it was my 50th birthday and that we had 3 rooms for this trip and I had spoken to the live chat on their website she asked if I had any proof of this and I did bring my copies of these chats but they where in my suitcases. So what she had done for me was so incrediable we had already booked the ocean front, she put my family in a deluxe 1 bedroom on the 16th floor, it was the most beautiful room we have ever stayed in the view was soooo very beautiful Diamond head to the left the wide open ocean everywhere you looked. I was blown away with the room. the staff at this hotel just love their jobs they are all really friendly and always helpful. Our maid Irene was always asking if there was anything she could do for us, anything else we needed. Roosevelt the poolside attendant what a man, he remembered us by name after the first day he'd bring us ice water when he thought we needed it brought us iced face cloths, My 14 year old lost his glasses the first night we were there we knew he had them when we went to the hot tub and to the pool we kept looking thinking they fell in the hot tub Roosevelt uncovered it so we could look in there although they wern't there. we checked the next morning to find they had found them in the pool.We had pupus the first night in Hula grill the Lava flows where great! We ate at Dukes at least once a day for different meals yes you can eat cheaper at other places if you choose to. The staff at dukes are very friendly and you must try the hula pie...The Bell desk staff where friendly and very helpful our last day they picked our luggage up at 12 but our flight wasn't till 10 that night they took our carry on luggage to and let us get into them at 6 after the last souvinier shopping was done to pack away before the van pick-up to the airport. we were still in our swimsuits and at the pool desk they give you a key to the locker rooms which has a shower and hairdryer in it to freshen up before the flight home.The concirges desk Bill was most helpful for anything you wanted to find.I would recommend this hotel to anyone that wants to be in the heart of everything and if you want to be treated so unbelivably good...We plan on returning in 4 years and will stay at the outrigger beach.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Look no further if you want to stay on the beach in Waikiki! Let me first say that I viewed TripAdvisor quite a bit before confirming my hotels and itinerary in Oahu (this website along with the book Oahu Revealed by Andrew Doughty and Harriett Friedman). I wanted to return the favor by posting my own review. My family (myself, wife and two kids - ages 8 and 2) just came back on Sunday the 16th from an incredible week-long vacation. The Outrigger on Waikiki Beach is fab... nothing but a good experience all the way around. From the moment we arrived, we knew we had made the right decision. It was between the Royal Hawaiian and Sheraton Moana Surfrider right on the water - and on the best part of the beach in my opinion. I didn't know quite what to expect as this was our first trip to Hawaii but this was, indeed, the place to stay. Due to an initial on-line reservation glitch, we were upgraded to an oceanview room. The view was great, the room was big and the bed comfortable. Dukes - a great place to eat (as I've been to the one in Malibu as I grew up just a few miles away) - is in the hotel as well as a convenience store and a Seattle's Best Coffee (perfect for coffee, bagels, muffins, etc. for breakfast). Everything was so convenient to the location of the hotel... walking distance to many great restaurants and shops. A first class operation all the way through - check-in, information desk, concierge and housekeeping. And the valet - Nelson - remembered my name the entire week. My highest recommendation to all looking for a great and reasonable hotel. As for activities, we went to Germaine's Luau our second night in town and it was cool... Our guide - Cousin Aka - simply rocked. An informative Hawaii native that really made all the difference... the food was okay but the entertainment (specifically the hula dancers) and the tour guide were memorable. I suggest you request Cousin Aka by name if you take the luau. He'll make your bus ride to the luau considerably seem shorter. We went to Pearl Harbor on Tuesday, the Byodo-In Temple (Valley of the Temples) and North Shore on Wednesday. Make sure you ring the ball at the Byodo-In Temple for good luck! Played golf at the toughest, yet most beautiful course, I've ever played (and I've been playing 28 years - about a ten handicap) on Thursday called Luana Hills... it's Jurassic Park with many blind holes that you can't see until your second and sometimes third shot. I shot 15 strokes over my handicap so bring a lot of golf balls! My dad, who's in excellent shape at the age of 75, was exhausted by the end of the day as they closed the fairways to carts (unbeknownst to us until we got there...). If you're looking for a memorable experience, this is the course. On that same day, my wife and two kids went to the Outrigger Reef and embarked on the Outrigger Catamaran that departs from the hotel. I took my kids and dad the following day... they couldn't get enough! This might be the best entertainment value in Hawaii - $40 total for two adults and one child (my two year old was free). Friday was our 10th Anniversary so we checked out of the Outrigger and checked in to the Kahala Mandarin Oriental. If you want to be out of the hustle-and-bustle of Waikiki, I highly recommend this hotel... probably the nicest we've ever stayed in anywhere. The service and landscape was absolutely spectacular! Another five star rating from me. You're greeted at the front desk by a cold towel offering. After you check-in, they personally bring you to your room and ask if it's up to all your expectations. The person who served us the moment we got in was Joy... not only extremely knowledgeable but probably one of the most attractive women on the Island! It was all good. The room, pool, grounds and service were all unbelievable. As they say, all it takes is money. But the splurge was worth every penny. Our eight year old daughter enjoyed Dolphin Quest at the hotel and both kids loved the manta rays and turtles swimming in the lagoons. One final recommendation is Alan Wongs restaurant (on S. King Street)... we heard it was one of the best restaurants in town and we ended up going there for our 10th anniversary celebration - Ginger Crusted Onaga followed by the Chocolate Sampler. All the waiters signed a menu wishing us Happy Anniversary. I can't think of a better restaurant in recent memory. Go to all the above and have the time of your lives like we did! We can't wait to return!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tracyeau
<Content>Okay hotel - great location Booked solely due to location and reviews on this site. Paid about US $350 per night so I had high expectations for this hotel. Found the room to be slightly larger than normal and comfort wise it was really good. Found the staff not helpful and not very friendly which I didn't expect. We arrived at 9pm and got no help with our bags from the one bell hop - barely even bothered to tell us where to check in!! Asked very nicely for upgrade and was knocked back - 2 small children may have been the reason?? Were placed on west side of hotel which has a nice outlook, but is very loud due to airconditioning next door! Asked again for upgrade but were told it would be another US$110 per night! Duke's breakfast coupons were free, but only 2 per day and we were a party of 4. Breakfast was good, but not the best I've ever had. What saved this hotel for us was the fantastic location and just the magic of Waikiki. The kids loved the pool and the beach - we all did. Laundry facilities were good too - always a bonus with little kids. I would look elsewhere next time we visit Honolulu.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>3	1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>hawaiibound
<Content>terribly disappointed We were there celebrating our 50th anniversary for two nights before going on the Pride of Aloha and when we arrived, we were given a room on 4th floor and asked for a higher up room with a view and the gentleman gave us a room on the 8th floor that was so tiny, you could hardly close the bathroom door. I wonder now if we had offered him money, would he have given us a better room. We had booked this almost a year in advance. We will never stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bigbuster885
<Content>We really enjoyed this property, it was great Terrific location, the staff was outstanding, very friendly and helpful. The room we had was of adequate size for the 2 of us. We were automatically upgraded from a City View to a Partial Ocean view room without asking. The housekeeping staff did an excellent job on cleaning the room daily and making sure we had plenty of towels. The personell at the pool were very congenial as were the gentlemen who took care of valet parking. They provided excellent directions each day that we used a rental car.I used a coupon from the Entertainment coupon book and the savings were about $15 daily, one days savings paid for the book which I had purchased for 1/2 price. The walls are a tad thin but we did not have a problem sleeping, relaxing etc.I would surely not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone. As extra security you have to use your plastic room card to access the elevators which I found to be comforting. We ate at Dukes and the Hula Grill and liked both restaurants.Try it , you will like it.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BL24
<Content>Great location My wife and I recently spent the second week of our honeymoon at the Outrigger on the Beach. We reserved a city view room, but upon check-in, we were upgraded to a partial ocean view room which was much larger. One problem though- our upgrade was on a smoking floor which they told us would be the case. We went with it though because the view (12th floor)and room were better and it didn't smell very smokey. On the second night, the room next door to us (we had an adjoining door) was very loud- they had a loud child and a hairdryer going at 12:45am and we could hear everything crystal clear. We asked to be moved to another room and went with the same sized room with a king bed to the 3rd floor but we were one room away from an actual ocean front room so the view was even better. Duke's is a can't miss for any meal and a drink and the atmosphere is great. The Hula Grill is also good and runs happy hour specials where I had delicious fish and chips for around $6.00! The elevators aren't that bad but my only issue is having to have your key ready all the time to enter your floor number and I found this to be a big inconveneince. Service in all aspects at this hotel was great from the housekeeping to front desk to the waitstaff at Duke's. And by the way- if you're staying at this Outrigger and want to eat at Duke's, all you have to do is call Duke's and they call you when a table is ready for dinner- no reservation needed! One of the perks for staying here.This hotel is right in the middle of everything and right on the beach so it's location is unbeatable. Take a circle island tour or just enjoy the pool and beach. Be sure to get a raft to float on in the ocean- such a relaxing time. I would definitely go back to the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>eclipse_grl
<Content>The outrigger was paradise! My husband and I stayed at the outrigger for our 20th annivsary and loved it!hotel was very clean and the rooms were very spacious. We had a partial ocean view, very beautiful. Dukes has a very good breakfast buffet and heard that chucks was very good too, but did not get to eat there. The staff was also very helpful to your needs.Great place to stay in Waikiki!!!!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Happy travelor13
<Content>Very nice hotel My husband  I stayed at the Outrigger Waikiki for 6 nights on our last trip to Hawaii. We were in Oahu for a ballroom dance competition being held at the Sheraton Waikiki. We chose not to stay there as I had read many bad reviews of that hotel. I am so glad we stayed at the Outrigger. We were upgraded to a partial ocean view that afforded me the pleasure of watching the surfers. We were also able to get a much better rate. The room was great  very comfy plus it was close to the elevators. There were lots of pillows so hubby  I didn't have to fight for the extra one. This was the first time we did not have to pay to use the safe which is a plus in my book. We ate many of our meals at Dukes which was very good. The pool was nice  we really enjoyed being on the beach. All of the staff is very friendly  we are always impressed when called by name!My only complaint would be the sound carried through the walls just like you were in the same room as those beside you.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>UWECSARAH
<Content>Great room for a great price       Room  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lori1004
<Content>Very Nice       Our room view from 5th floor  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>RobertMilne
<Content>Great hotel, great location but rather noisy on the west side I have recently returned to Scotland from Hawaii having stayed at this hotel for 19 nights. The hotel has a great location facing directly onto Waikiki beach. The room was very spacious and very comfortable and the staff were very helpful with any queries I had. The only downside of our stay (and it is worth noting) is that if you are located anywhere on the west side of the hotel, you will find the persistent drone of the fans on the roof of the Royal Hawaiian shopping centre quite unbearable. I did ask if we could be moved to the east facing side after a few days staying there, but the only room available was on the first floor looking onto Kalakau Avenue so we decided to stay where we were. The noise from the fans does not allow you to relax on the balcony unless you have come prepared with earplugs - it can also be heard even when the balcony doors are closed. We did however have a good view of the beach and the valet parking staff were first class.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>disney4me
<Content>Had a great time. There was so much to like about this hotel. We had a partial ocean-view room that was fantastic. The room size and cleanliness were first class. The hotel location was the epicenter of all activity on Waikiki beach. We ate at Duke's on many occassions and was never disappointed. Chuck's steak house was a great spot for a leisurely dinner. We also enjoyed the pupu's at the Hula Grill. We stayed for our 25'th anniversary and couldn't be happier with our choice.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Breathtaking! We just returned from a 7 night stay at The Outrigger Waikiki for our 10th anniversary. I have to say that everything about this hotel was amazing. We were on the 14th floor. We had reserved an ocean front room since it was our anniversary trip. We never had a problem waiting on the elevator. We were told we could use the express elevator, but we didn't find it until our last day. There really was no need because there were three main elevators, and they moved pretty fast. Only problem is you have to insert your key to go over the 10th floor, I believe. There were some people putting their keys in to go to the first floor, but it wasn't necessary. There should be a little plaque or something so that people know when they have to fumble around and get their keys and when they don't need it. The view from the room was amazing! We had Diamond Head to the left and the beach right out front and to the right. The maid service was amazing. When we returned to the room in the evenings after walking the strip, our bed had already been turned down, there was candy and flowers on our pillows and our towels and soaps had already been restocked. The lotion and shampoo provided by the hotel smelled absolutely amazing. There is a Lei making class on Fridays and it was so much fun. The beach was crowded, but there is always room for a couple more people. We went every day except the day we went snorkeling at Hanauma Bay. Be sure to go ahead and take with you a float or purchase one for less than $5 in the lobby stores. The surf in front of the hotel is pefect for floating around and relaxing. We also bought a couple of beach mats for $1.25 each. They are cheaply made, but for that price, we didn't expect much. The sand on Waikiki is so soft, it feels like you are walking on butter when you are in the water. There were sea turtles swimmig along with us almost every day. This was our first trip to Hawaii and we were amazed around every corner. We rented a car for our entire stay and used it every single day. There is a $15 a day charge for parking, and the valet did not wait around for a tip, we did tip them some, but we didn't tip every day just because we couldn't afford it. We rode up the West coast Highway(H1-west maybe??) and stopped at every lookout and they were beautiful. We went up to Hwy 61 and took it back to the hotel. The next day we went up the Pali Hwy toward the North Shore and, again, breathtaking views. We went to the Luau at the Polynesian Cultural Center. The package we purchased included the tour of the island, the Luau and the nighttime fire show. Well worth every penny. This was, by far, the best experience we had in Hawaii. We visited the Dole Pineapple Plantation and it was more of an educational experience. It was pretty neat, but not worth the time we spent. If you have kids with you, then this would be great for them, because the only thing you have to pay for is the train ride and the kids would love that. The best place to buy souvenirs is at the ABC stores(every 100 feet or so) or the International Marketplace(bargain with the sellers). We will go back to Hawaii, and if we go back to Waikiki we will stay at the hotel. Next time, we plan to visit other island though, but we will look for the Outrigger name wherever we go.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

