<Author>asiamap
<Content>Really Terrible Security Together with my family (including my 80 year old mother), I attended Uma's New Years Eve so-called Bling in the New Year event. At around mid-night, we were suddenly confronted by an extremely hostile Maltese or Spanish family who insisted on taking our seats. The elderly woman (presumably the mother) started shouting obsenities while her daughter physically assaulted my sister, pushing her to the ground. My main concern was for our safety and I immediately looked for security personnel while extracting my traumatised mother from the area. No-one from the hotel would assist us so we decided to leave to avoid further violence.As we left, we lodged our complaint with the hotel manager who simply offered smiling platitudes. He still refused to call any security to remove the violent Spanish family so we went home after one of the worst New Years ever imaginable.It seems the security at this hotel is limited to a cursory check of your car as you enter the front gates. After that you are on your own. Good luck if you are staying there!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>junnie20
<Content>Nice room, but could do better We stayed down at Seminyak for a few days then came up to Ubud. The rooms were comfortable, minimalistic look and the surrounding was very peaceful and relaxing. We stayed at the Garden room and were disappointed that there was no view. We were expecting views of padi fields. There were also not enough sun beds at the pool. Food was however amazing. Given the big variety of places in Ubud and Bali, I think you could do better looking elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	2	4	3	4	3	

<Author>SafariBart
<Content>Almost perfect ! We stayed 2 nights in September in a Terrace Room. The whole property has a great ambiance and beautiful design. Although there are around 30 rooms, the layout guarantees a very intimate and private impression. The room itself was standard size (around 25 to 30 square meter) and from the terrace we had a wonderful view over the valley. Bathroom is absolutely wonderful with a sunken bathtub and outdoor shower. Breakfast was wonderful and 脿 la carte. Two minuses though : 1) Sun loungers around the pool : When the hotel is fully booked, it can be quite difficult to find two loungers next to each other. Moreover, at every time of the day there are usually only a handful of loungers in the sun... rest is shaded. As a result, loungers in the sun are always taken or 'reserved'.2) Shuttle service caused some stress and hassle : first of all, last shuttle is around 5 PM which creates a problem if you want to go a restaurant downtown in the evening. Secondly, there are two pick-up / drop-off locations downtown and it happened that the car was full when we wanted to return to the hotel in the afternoon. Anyhow, we had a great time in Ubud.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Aquil
<Content>Good service.. But shifty accounting Our stay at uma was great, great people and great food.We selected a package for $700 US dollars for 2 nights and paid upfront on the net. But when it came time to check out they wanted us to pay more.. ALOT MORE.OK first up they hit us with the 21% tax which was not included in writing before you pay for accommodation on the net (they only mention it on the online receipt).. I could live with this extra expense but!!Then they slugged us for the current exchange rates.. What i mean by this is the price we played UPFROUNT ($700US) on the internet no longer was the price! As they wanted us to now pay more money as the indonesion excange rate had changed. (even though they received our cash months before are the correct rate).Oh one last thing they used there own 鈥渕ade up exchange rate鈥?which was no where near the actual rate So in other words we paid $900USD of a $700USD 2 night stay.. It all seemed like a bit of your a westerner you have lots of money attitude. :(  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	3	3	5	3	5	

<Author>NickiG
<Content>Pure relaxation       Main pool  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Glamanda
<Content>Hidden paradise We booked Uma after reading the reviews and were not disappointed! We stayed in a Garden room which was lovely and the welcome massage was also a nice touch. I suggest to book the spa with as much notice as possible. Unfortunately we missed out because they were fully booked! We had a foot massage at nearby spa instead but they weren't very good. They also have DVDs, library and internet connection in the room are all complimentary which was handy on a rainy afternoon.The breakfasts were one of the best we've had in a resort. A la carte is nice change from the standard buffet usually offered at 5* resorts. We didn't consider Uma to be walking distance to town, especially in the heat and on a hilly road (the footpaths are not smooth either). The shuttle was fine for trips into town and we only needed to take a taxi a couple of times. For food, recommend their restaurant Kemiri (family style dining so you can sample more food by sharing plates) - fresh ingredients (Lombok lobster for RP130,000). Ibu Oka for local suckling pig, Cafe Batu Wayan (crispy duck and beef rendang) and every Tues night is chilli crab night and we picked our live crab to be freshly cooked. Naughty Nuri's across the road serves pretty good ribs and always had customers, at anytime of day.I would definitely recommend Uma for a tranquil environment with excellent service on par with other 4-5* resorts. It was great being 10 mins from town, close enough by far enough to escape the people. If we returned to Ubud, we would probably stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KelG79
<Content>Exceptional!!! Even whilst we were there we were discussing what to write in our TripAdvisor review! We spent the first four nights of our 12 night honeymoon at the Uma Ubud, and never regretted it for a second! We arrived around 9pm, exhausted and delirious from an 18 hour journey from London via Singapore, to a very warm welcome. The first thing we noticed was the feeling of peace  calm, as it is set away from the main road into Ubud and once you reach reception you'd think there was nothing else for miles around. Check-in was quick, quiet and easy, and we were then shown to our garden villa (number 29 - recommended!) and were mightily impressed. Although not a large space, it was beautiful - light shades of distressed white wood, light oak and crisp white linen on a huge canopied bed. The bathroom was lovely with huge sunken bath, plenty big enough for two, and a semi-outdoors shower. Within 10 minutes of arriving we received a delivery of complimentary pink champagne on ice which was delicious and much-needed after the journey! As we arrived at night (the sun sets at 6.30pm all year in Bali) we had no idea what views awaited us from our veranda. When we woke the next morning we were awe-struck - we were on the edge of a valley of coconut palms and banana trees with a river rushing through it... so that's what the 'wildlife' noises had been through the night! (tip: if you are woken at night to what sounds like something loudly tapping on glass, don't worry it's actually just a frog in the nearby foliage!). The food in the restaurant is fabulous, very tasty and only slightly 'expensive' in relation to Bali restaurant prices (you can still have a 3 course meal and drinks for around 拢10 each) but is worth it at least once whilst you're there. Breakfast is a must, especially the mixed juices (smoothies but nicer). The pool bar has those great big mattress sofas to cuddle up on, the cocktails are wonderful, and the music is relaxing and funky. There are koi karp in the many ponds scattered throughout the grounds. The grounds are beautifully maintained by an army of gardeners, who were really the only people we saw during the stay! The place was full but we saw maybe 4 or 5 other couples during the whole stay! The main pool is lovely, but very cold! We didn't have any spa treatments as we felt they were overpriced in relation to what you could get in massage spas in town (can recommend Eve on Monkey Forest Road - a wonderful 30 minute massage was 50,000, just 拢4!). The yoga pavilion has the best views and we did do one of the complimentary 4pm yoga classes just for the experience - try it, it's worth it, even if you can't touch your toes!Through our guide Pusmara (from Asia Trails - recommended) we had a full day tour of east Bali including a temple, paddy fields (spectacular) and an active volcano and lake. It's worth taking a tour as Bali is more beautiful than words.After four days of alternately resting in Uma and touring we were ready to move to our 'real' resting place in Sanur for 8 more days, but that is not to say we didn't love everything about the Uma. It is a fantastic place, perfect for people who like us wanted to unwind from planning a wedding! We would go back tomorrow if we could afford another honeymoon!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AxelFrance
<Content>Great hotel but not in Ubud downtown My friend and I stayed at Uma 2 nights last week after a longer stay at Warwick Ibah located in the same area.The room:We had a garden room and it was just perfect. It looked like a private bungalow divided in 2 units: bathroom separated from the bedroom with a patio between. The open air black and white bathroom was astonishing. The bed was perfect and the room was clean and looked quite new.But I also agree with a previous post saying that the sense of space is relative and the private garden in front of the bungalow is very small. I kind of felt surrounded by walls nicely hidden by the vegetation.The hotel and it's staff:The service at the restaurant was 1st class, even a little bit too courteous. The staff at the reception is friendly and helpfull. The pool is nice and quite large. As the number of room is very limited in this hotel, it's never get too crowded or noisy.The location:That is the only problem. The hotel is a good 25 minute walk to monkey road and Ubud Palace wich is quite long because of the heat (and all the holes in the pavement). Don't trust the map on their website: it's quite confusing without a scale.They provide a shuttle service but only 1 every 2 hours and until 5 pm only. Do they do so to push clients having dinner at the hotel? So after 5 pm you need to take a cab and then starts a long negotiation about price as they don't have taximeter there.... We finalely payed 10,000 rupiah to go to Ubud Palace (do go to the dance show there on thursday it's awesome!).If you don't want to go having dinner downtown you can still go to the Mozaic restaurant wich is only a 5 minute walk. That restaurant is really gastronomique but then get ready to digest the note also ;-)Overall:The hotel is so great and the staff so nice that it's still almost a 5/5 experience to me though they really should increase the frequency of their shuttle and extend that service until the evening.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chilly18
<Content>Amazing Uma We just returned from our stay at the Uma for the second part of our honeymoon in Bali. It was truly a wonderful experience. I had decided to book our stay at the Uma based largely on other trip advisor reviews and I was very happy I followed the advice of other trip advisor travelers who had stayed there. When we first arrived at the front desk they had cold, refreshing towels waiting for us to cool off our face, and they escorted us to the pool-side bar for our welcome drink. Our room wasn't ready right away, which they felt very bad about (even though we had arrived before check-in so we knew it wouldn't quite be ready!), but it was actually ready very quickly (after about 15 minutes) so it was no problem at all. We had the most basic type of room, but it was still gorgeous. A canopy bed, a beautiful little terrace outside where you can sit and read while over-looking the jungle, and a wonderful bathroom with a tub and a separate open-air shower. The water pressure was strong and hot, which I really appreciated and the towels were big and fluffy. Every morning the hotel made up the room, and again at night, there was another clean-up and turn-down service. My one complaint about the room was that the sheets on our bed were quite stained in a few places. It was clear that they had been washed (so it was sanitary) but clearly some previous stains had been hard to remove and were still very visible. I don't know whether this was just our experience or whether other guests found this, too. Other than this, though, everything else about the room and the hotel were perfect. Location-wise, the Uma is not directly in the center of Ubud, but I rather liked this because the main part of Ubud felt a lot more crowded and noisy, and I appreciated being in a little bit quieter of an area while still having easy access to Ubud. There is a free shuttle every few hours from the hotel into town, and if the schedule does not fit your needs, they will always drive you in at another time for a slight charge. Also, it is a pleasant walk into town (about 20-25 minutes). Going there is downhill, but coming back is uphill, so we got a ride back rather than walk. Right in the vicinity of the Uma are several delicious restaurants that are worth a visit. Naughty Nuri's is directly across the street and is a popular but inexpensive choice where you can have Indonesian food, bar-b-que, and famous martinis. Locals and tourists, alike, go there, so you will definitely get a feel for the local (or at least the ex-pat) community. About a 5 minute walk from the Uma is the restaurant Indus which is delicious (we went there 3 times over our 6 days in Ubud!). There is a lot of variety on the menu, a beautiful view overlooking the valley, and great prices. For example, we had dinner with an appetizer, two entrees, two cocktails, and dessert, and including tax and service charge the total was about $35 US. A great price! The other famous restaurant in the neighborhood of the Uma is Mozaic, which is a bit more on the pricey side but is an amazing, luxurious, and delicious dining experience. You sit in the garden atmosphere and dine on a 6-course tasting menu (they will cater the courses to vegetarian needs or other prefereneces, too!) If you want to get a massage or other spa treatment right near the Uma, there is Bali Botanica day spa, which I highly recommend. Very relaxing, comfortable, and a great deal.But back to the Uma, itself! It was the kind of hotel where you could easily spend all day there relaxing by the beautiful pool, taking one of the complimentary guided walks through the rice paddies, working out at the gym, taking a free yoga class, or checking out a DVD from the front desk to watch in your room on a rainy day. The yoga pavillion is the most gorgeous place you can ever do yoga-- even if you don't normally do it, it's worth a try just for the setting (it overlooks the lush river valley). There is also a business center with several computers, and I believe the hotel has free wireless internet if you bring your own laptop (which we didn't). There was just so much there that whether we were touring around Ubud or just hanging around the hotel we were never bored and it was relaxing at the same time. The food at Uma is also delicious. There are healthier options, too, on both the breakfast and lunch/dinner menus. Breakfast, which is included, has many choices and comes with amazing fruit juice smoothies (our favorite was the coconut, mango, papaya juice -- try it!)Perhaps what stood out most at the Uma is the hotel staff. They are so friendly, calm, responsive, and helpful with anything you might need either around the hotel or in the area. Whether we had questions about restaurants, attending a dance performance in the area, or getting to/from the airport, they were always there to help and make arrangements. On the first night we were there, they even sent a complimentary bottle of champagne to our room since they knew it was our honeymoon. That was such a sweet touch and we really appreciated it. We saw a range of guests there, from young couples like us to families with young children to older visitors. We absolutely loved the Uma and would recommend it to anyone!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	2	5	5	4	

<Author>Phil&Osamu
<Content>Very good, but not great We have just returned from a trip to Bali including four nights at the Karma Jimbaran (see review) and three nights at Uma Ubud. Our stay here did not get off to a good start. We had booked a car to pick us up from Jimbaran, but the car didn't arrive. I phoned the Uma and they sent a car immediately, but due to the distance between the resorts, we ended up waiting over two hours in total. We also had to switch rooms after the first night due to some plumbing problems, which wasn't such a big problem, but certainly not ideal. We received a free late check-out at the end of our stay, which may have been intended as compensation, although no-one said this explicitly.As for the resort, the reception and pool areas are beautiful, and the restaurant is set lower down in the valley with nice views and a lovely open-air feel. However, the resort is situated on a relatively small piece of land, and therefore the villas are packed tightly together with no sense of space. This was a huge contrast to the wondeful Maya Ubud, where we stayed last year.We stayed in a garden villa, which was not the cheapest category of room but probably the worst. The room itself is nice, if very simple, and the bathroom is beautiful, but the garden consists of a small sitting area with a table and two upright chairs, and a tiny lawn. Both areas are completely surrounded by 3-meter high walls - meaning that your view is a small square of sky - and both are too small to fit loungers. The cheaper terrace rooms had beautiful views of the valley, so if a view is important to you, go for the cheaper option!We ate at the restaurant for breakfast every day, and for lunch and dinner on other occasions. The food was good, but nothing amazing. We also tried Mozaic, where the food was fantastic, but we found the whole experience to be exhaustingly fancy and formal - not the kind of thing we're looking for in a holiday in Bali.One of the great things about the Uma Ubud is its location just steps away from Sanggingan Road, where you can find lots of nice shops and galleries, a few restaurants (including Mozaic), and the fabulous Bintang supermarket for beer, juice and snacks ten times cheaper than the mini bar at the resort. We also had a superb lunch at the Kafe Batan Waru in Ubud town center - my beef rendang was the best meal of the whole trip. Definitely worth a visit.Another mention should go to the reception staff, who were incredibly helpful and polite.I've listed quite a few negatives here, but I still enjoyed my stay at the Uma Ubud. Nevertheless, I would probably go back to the Maya Ubud or splash out on the Four Seasons Sayan if I went back to Ubud for another visit.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LeaW
<Content>Very nice but needs updating We stayed at Uma for 3 nights last week. We had paid for a Terrace room but were upgraded to a Garden room. Overall the hotel is very nice however for the price we paid the value wasn't there. The room was a good size, especially since we were traveling with our young daughter, but the rooms were tired and are in need of updating. There is nothing on the walls other than white drywall so you really notice that the tiling is in need of repair, stains on the walls, the mosquito nets have tears and the towels were often tattered. It looks like the hotel was once absolutely wonderful but it has now past its glory days. It needs some love and care...or at a minimum something on the walls so you don't notice all the faults. If you stay in a Garden room I recommend asking for #16 as it has the biggest garden area. I did not see the villas so perhaps they are in better shape and have been more recently updated. I would stay at Uma again but not at the price we paid. I think a fair price for what you get would be around the US$100 mark. We paid almost the same price that we paid at the Ritz Carlton the week before. Although lovely and charming, Uma is nowhere near the same category.The food at Uma was fabulous. Breakfasts were excellent as was dinner. I would also recommend going to Glow at Como Shambalah (Uma's sister property) for one of the best dinners you'll ever have. Also Indus Restaurant is walking distance down the road which was one of the best restaurants we experienced while there. Naughty Nuri's (where all the local 'expats' hang...and drink waaaay too much) is also across the street and they serve easily what can be considered the best martini in all of Bali if not Indonesia. Some people rave about the food there, but I was mainly impressed by their martinis.The spa was excellent and the prices were much more reasonable. Definitely worth a visit. Service was nice and friendly and everyone cheerfully helped when you asked. Really good service predicts your needs and next move so that you don't have to always ask. Uma's not quite at that level yet. Or my expectations may have been influenced by the Ritz the week before where the service was outstanding. Like I said, the price we paid was very similar so I guess I expected the same level of service.In my opinion the hotel is not walking distance to the town. We did walk it once but it is not something you will want to do frequently unless you are an avid walker, especially coming back to the hotel where it is uphill the whole way. Also the shuttle leaves only once every 2 hours, so we were unable to rely on it as a mode of transport unless we wanted to base all our plans around when the shuttle leaves and comes back. Taxis are a better way to go. The hotel taxi is about 2-3 times the price than if you walk out onto the road and hail one yourself. Depends on how comfortable you are doing that and how comfortable you are bargaining. Overall I liked Uma and I would stay again, but I wouldn't stay there for the price they had us pay....unless of course they updated the rooms and took their service to the next level. Based on some of the other guests we met while we were there, I suspect that there was a large discrepancy in the price different people are quoted and were paying. We were the unlucky ones I guess.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	2	2	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Moscow_traveller
<Content>Superb Rooms, Spa and Yoga Studio       Sunken Bath  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Pads4
<Content>Absolutely the best hotel we have ever stayed in Uma Ubud was our first stop on Honeymoon and absolutely blew us away. Nothing about it disappoints. The staff, from the point at which they meet you at the airport with cold towels and water (after the nightmare that is Bali airport - tip: run of the plan to get in the queue first) to the time we sadly had to go, were fantastic. Ridiculously helpful, always friendly and accommodating of all our whims.We had a Pool suite which had its own infinity pool overlooking the valley - highly recommend this, the view is perfect as you lounge back in the water. The rooms themselves are brilliant - light, airy and romantic. Some reviewers have quibbled on the stairs but to be honest the reward is more than enough for the climb.The restaurant, rightly given a rave review in the Luxe guide, is really good. A really lovely setting and great food. If you want room service that is very efficient and well presented.My wife has always enjoyed yoga so was chuffed at the facilities but, given that we had the honeymoon package, an hour's private tuition for the both of us was included so we tried it as a couple. I had never done it before but I loved it! The place you do it, near the restaurant, is outrageously nice and the teacher manages to accommodate both experienced and inexperienced in the same class.The main pool, though we never really used it is lovely, never busy and backs onto a really relaxed chilled out bar. The amazing thing is that, even though the hotel was apparently at 100% capacity when we were there, you never really see anyone so it feels really private and exclusive all the time.The best place we stayed all honeymoon and sad we didn't stay longer.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Rannoun
<Content>Perfect! My husband and I stayed at Uma Ubud for our honeymoon. It was highly recommended by a friend so we were expecting something good but this surpassed our expectations. It was the perfect combination of luxury/ attentive service and privacy. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, the food was excellent and the hotel rooms and grounds are beautiful.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AAMiles
<Content>A great alternative to the higher priced, better known Ubud hotels This was my second time to Ubud, and I had stayed at the idyllic Amandari before. I was a little skeptical of the lavish praise given to this hotel, and I had the memory of my near-perfect vacation at the Amandari as a basis for comparison. The Uma Ubud lived up to the hype. We had a fantastic room with a private plunge pool. The grounds were impeccable. Every corner is a design inspiration for your home or garden. The service, especially at the restaurant, was impeccable. Check-in, check-out, reservations, all were handled quickly. Staff is great. The only downside is that the walkways do get a little slick in the rain, despite the rough hewn blocks that make up the sidewalk.Despite the significantly lower price, The Uma Ubud gives the higher priced Ubud properties a run for their money. One suggestion if you're staying for more than a few days is to get the annual Tablet Plus membership, which gives you a room upgrade if space is available.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>traveler30
<Content>The absolute best part of our honeymoon Uma Ubud lived up to the praise at TripAdvisor. Bali is a beautiful island, and the setting of Uma takes full advantage of it. The staff treated us as if we were the most important guests in the place, always greeting us by name and re-confirming all our plans. If we had a request, they couldn't take care of it any faster.We only had one dinner in the hotel, but it was quite good. (Note, there's a cheap and quite good BBQ joint across the street that you should try once during your stay). Treatments in the spa were first class, as was yoga. This was a rare hotel where I felt the staff was interested in our experience, not just increasing their revenue. I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheWardsLondon
<Content>Lovely Uma We spent the middle section of our Balinese honeymoon in Ubud and stayed at lovely Uma. Our room was in fact a light and spacious villa with its own terrace, sun lounging area and infinity pool dropping off into the vibrant green jungle that envelopes the complex. It would have been very easy not to leave the suite at all during out stay! But we did venture out - to the chic poolside bar at Uma, or via the hotel shuttle car into Ubud itself. This hotel is a great place to stay if you want a luxurious base from which to explore the fascinating local area.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>petercasella
<Content>Zen The Uma Ubud was the third stop on our 3 week honeymoon to Bali last July. Of all the hotels in Bali, the Uma Ubud left me the most centered and satisfied with my vacation. If I had left for the airport right after this hotel, I would have felt completely fulfilled. The surroundings are completely zen. The way everything smelled, the way the food tasted, practicing yoga in a studio perched over the river valley, the massages, the delicious drinks, the cool marble floors on your bare feet - it's all just perfect. There may be more posh resorts, or fancier restaurants, or better pools, but this place is just incredibly special. When i think back about our trip to Bali, it's this hotel that gives me the goose bumps. The restaurant down at the bottom of the resort has just incredible food - everything is organic and extremely well prepared. It's the best mix of upscale resort food with the traditional simple Balinese food. One caveat, we only ate there for breakfast because Ubud has the absolute best restaurants in all of Bali. While in Ubud, you MUST visit a few restaurants - Ibu Oka is the most famous place on the island to eat babi gulung (pig roasted over coconut fire). Oh my god I still dream of it. It's spicy and crispy and completely delicious. Also, make sure you visit Dirty Duck, a Ubud staple in a fabolous rice paddy setting near the Monkey Forest. On the upscale end, we did the tasting menu at Mosaic which was probably the nicest dinner we had on the island - as good as the best French restaurants in Paris. Another highlight was Jazz Cafe, we just chilled listening to some great low key jazz music and eating some pleasant Italian food.In the Ubud area, there is the best shopping in Bali especially for art and furniture. We purchased beautiful hand carved wood furniture from a store called Danoe Furniture near the neighborhood called Mas. We got an amazing deal on beautiful work, although our canopy bed was destroyed in transit. But that doesn't diminish his work! And we bought these two carved masks that would have costs thousands in New York for $100.The bartenders at this hotel were top notch. Stiff drinks, great recommendations, very friendly and not one of them tried to sell us anything (which was very different than other hotels where the bartenders all tried to convince us to pay them for tour guide services).The only negative thing I can say about the hotel is that the marble gets a little slick when it rains, and a few people slipped while I was there. I actually wiped out and sprained my wrist while furniture shopping, but that wasn't at the Uma (it rained a decent amount, but always got really nice and sunny afterwards). Also, a slight negative was that our private dipping pool was so cold that it was totally Polar Bear club. Of the 5 days we stayed, we pledged that we needed to swim in the pool at least once. So one day, we just jumped in and moved around as fast as possible to dull the pins and needles. They should probably put some heaters in the private pool to make it more usable, especially since it was that cold in July!Overall, this place was incredible. I'll stay here every time I go back to Bali - it's that nice. Zen is the only way I can put it, it just was balanced perfectly in every single way. The gods were in agreement the day they created the Uma Ubud.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>seasonedtraveller021
<Content>great staff bad management !!! We would really have loved our stay at Uma would it not be for such a lack of understanding. Let me explain, we stayed 4 nights and upon arrival we stated that we wanted to see a traditional ladies dance and gamelan music, a Kecak trance danse, and if possible a ceremony. Everybody was all smiles and all yes yes, so we booked a car to go and see the Kecak trance danse, when we got there it was all dark and we met closed doors, the driver called the hotel to be told it was closed because there was a ceremony at Monkey Forest. So not only did we miss out on the Kecak danse but we also miss out on the ceremony !!! The front desk is hopeless, the people are nice, they smile to you but it is not enough. In the questionnaire we received there were questions about the front desk, the concierge, etc, all this is totally inexistant as is the managing director, we never ever saw his face. The food was very good indeed and so was the spa but as travelers we would also like to see the outside world and I am afraid to say that we did not receive the informations we wanted.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>TTIW
<Content>Classy boutique hotel, great service This is a gem of a boutique hotel, where good service will ensure you are taken care of during your stay.The main hotel areas are modern in design (reception area, bar, lounge etc), but without being too edgy. The grounds are very pretty, with well-grown trees and shrubs.We stayed at a pool villa. It was very spacious, well-decorated (all white, if that's your kind of thing), had a decent-sized plunge pool and a view overlooking the valley and river below.The food pleasantly surprised us! It was good enough that we ate mostly in the hotel during our trip.Service was attentive without being too obtrusive. All in all, we had a great time here.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Yamazanmai
<Content>Flawless The Uma Ubud is the perfect place to rediscover a sense of balance, as advertised on the website.One arrives to cool face towels beautifully scented with peppermint and eucalyptus, the trademark scent of Como Shambhala before being whisked away on a tour of the spa, restaurant and room all set in tranquil gardens surrounded by pristine nature.The service here is first class - nothing is too much for the staff and I never saw a frown regardless of question or task. The staff members here are clearly well trained and financially rewarded.The resort has an infinity edge pool backed by a lounge and bar (the perfect place to while away the time and enjoy one of the many books in the library); a gym; an excellent restaurant and a Como Shambhala spa perfect for those that desire a little pampering. There is also an business area with internet access computers for those that cannot ignore the distractions of work. The rooms are filled with wonderful Como Shambhala products, a beautiful bed, balcony, TV and everything else one could desire during a stay here including full-size fluffy bath towels and mineral water. In all, this place is recommended for all who are looking for a little tranquility in Bali. It makes a pleasant respite from the busy roads and markets and it truly is a place to enjoy a more peaceful experience.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FrenchJP
<Content>Heaven on earth Uma Ubud is just the perfect hotel for Ubud. You can walk to the city center or just enjoy the beautiful swimming pool and do absolutely nothingStaff is very very helpful and the breakfast is amazingly good  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aliku
<Content>Loved Uma.       Shambhala Suite - Outdoor jacuzzi  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>roudoudou
<Content>Heaven on earth This place is heaven. We had a terrace villa and loved it. The bed was extremely comfortable . We were able to sleep with the window shut and no air-conditioning without the room being stuffy and hot, an exception. The staff is perfect. There is an excellent complimentary yoga class every afternoon at 4 pm. Delicious freshly-squeezed fruit juices at the restaurant or the bar. Games (like solitary, backgammon, monopoly etc) available at the bar as well as a large selection of good-quality books. There is a shuttle bus into Ubud every two hours. It is also possible to walk into the centre in about 20-25 minutes on fairly good footpaths (for Ubud!). The restaurant is superb. Food is extremely fresh and varied, we ended up having all our meals there, a real treat. Breakfast is wonderful and we looked forward every evening to what we would choose the next morning on the large menu. It rained all through our stay there but we were so comfy and the food was so good we did not get bored one minute. There is also a very large selection of DVDs at the reception and we can borrow them without any fee !  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TheTraveller65
<Content>Fantastic If you like to bed away from the main streets of Ubud and all the noise with it then Uma is paradise. Only 5 minutes with the free hotel shuttle. Great hotel, beautiful lush gardens thorughout the hotel. The staff were absolutely great to us!!! Especially the men and ladies at the front desk. Very friendly, professional and helpfull. Take the bike ride from Lake Batur down to hotel (about 2hrs) but all down hill. You hardly break a sweat until the last 5 minutes of the bike ride where there is a monster of a hill. Even our guide got off the bike to walk up the hill. Great way to see the country side and leave the sites  sounds of Ubud.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marianknits
<Content>little paradise We chose this hotel as it was close to Ubud in the hilly part of Bali. My room was a suite which included a large bedroom with private patio, an entry way over water with chairs and table at the end and on the other side a huge bathroom. The bedroom had cable tv with free DVDs loaned from the main desk. Good air conditioning plus ceiling fan and at night mosquito net around the bed with special candle if needed. The bathroom had a lovely huge bath, excellent separate shower and was open at the top also. The entryway had a frog also. The hotel has a nice small restaurant and we enjoyed our breakfast very much. My son chose the pancakes. There is a very pretty pool with ample seating and nearby an outside bar with more seating and lots of paperback books or games to play. There was a free computer room with several newspapers also. All the employees were very pleasant and the hotel has a free transportation into Ubud every hour. One evening we arranged for the driver to pick us up after a dance performance in town. There is also a well equipped gym room, a spa and other amenities which I didn't use. The location is very lovely as the hotel seems completely isolated with nothing around to spoil the mood. Every morning there is a free hike to the rice fields. There are some nice restaurants within walking distance and also a few museums and craft stores.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ediggidy
<Content>Perfect Stayed at this hotel due to trip advisor reviews. Was here from end of Dec. to early Jan., around a week. Spending a week in Ubud was wonderful. So much to see and do in this part of Bali. The hotel has infinity pool looking out over the hills of Ubud. Room was very nice with great outside seating looking out over a valley. The food was excellent and the dining area beautiful. The hotel is a half hour walk or four minute car ride from downtown ubud, but lots of places to eat and shop near hotel. Girlfriend came down with bali belly. The hotel sent for a doctor who came with a nurse. He prescribed medicine and the nurse picked it up and brought it back. The charge was very low for this service! The day we checked out the hotel arranged a driver to take us to another hotel and to do some sight seeing. The driver handed me his cell phone and told me the hotel was on the phone. The hotel noticed that I paid for an expensive new years dinner when it was supposed to have been comped. They noticed the error, apologized, and credited my credit card! Great spa too.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wabihongkong
<Content>Casually Exclusive; Sophistication without pretensions       gorgeous lobby  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>170845
<Content>While you're in Ubud: stay at Uma       Uma Ubud - Pool  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Helenoma
<Content>Didn't want to leave       Pool at night  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Blaineresident
<Content>Uma Ubud - Best Place to Stay in Ubud, Save Time and Book Here We cannot say enough wonderful things about this lovely hotel. The rooms are absolutely incredible - more of a small compound than a room, very imaginitatively created with courtyards, koi ponds, and outdoor showers with super mod finishings, etc. Service was typical Balinese, incredibly friendly and efficient.Food at the restaurant was an unexpected plus. Some of the best we enjoyed in Bali, we had bfast, lunches and dinners and all three meals were delicious. Wonderful ingredients, light and innovative menu. The infiinty pool very relaxing, the bar/rec area really high quality. It's small enough to be intimate but not too small that you feel overwatched. Lastly, their sister property the Como Shambala is a must see and they will take you there - definitely go to CS which is a famous spa and get a massage from Rantau, one of the best massages we have ever had.Finally, this hotel went way above the call of duty when they stopped at our previous hotel in Seminyak to retrieve a misplaced item I had left there - we are talking 30 minutes out of their way. That is service, folks. Stay here if you can.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kksdubois
<Content>The most wonderful hotel! We stayed at the Uma for several days of our honeymoon in October and it is hands down the best hotel at which we've stayed, worldwide. Luxurious yet understated and extremely peaceful. The hotel staff were wonderful; they helped us extend our trip, guided the morning walks, took us on a fantastic bike ride, and even arranged for my husband to see a doctor when he wasn't feeling well. The food was consistently delicious and some of the best we had in Bali. I also thoroughly enjoyed the afternoon yoga class (you must check out the yoga pavillion, it is breathtaking) and the spa facilities--the masseurs were excellent. All in all, I just can't say enough for the Uma...we will definitely be back!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shivers100
<Content>We didn't want to leave We stayed at Uma Ubud for a week in October and absolutely loved it. I researched on tripadvisor and was impressed by the consistently high reviews. It had everything we wanted - laidback luxury with good facilities (25m pool, gym and yoga). However you certainly don't feel restricted to the resort (it's not even a resort really, more like a boutique hotel) as there are many fabulous eating options close by. Our favourites were Naughty Nuris (great ribs cooked on the roadside bbq) and Ibu Okra (spelling may be wrong - it's the best suckling pig ever and you sit on the floor to eat). We ate at Mozaic too - my other half liked it but I found it a bit bland. If you do go make sure you reserve a table ouside in the garden, otherwise it really is disappointing and the elevator type music is dreadful. Back to Uma though, everything is really perfect there, from the welcome pick-up at the airport (cold towels are such a winner) to the fantastic, friendly staff. I got really ill while I was there and they were able to supply us with medicine. Luckily it only knocked me out for 24 hours. We had a terrace room which we loved, great terrace for chilling out on (I love the way the staff light the outdoor candles for you at night). The bathroom was perfect and very spacious. The spa is nice, but really I strongly recommend walking two minutes down the road (in direction of Ubud) to the Bali Botanical Spa where treatments are a fraction of the price and the surroundings are far more beautiful and Balinese. I only discovered it on the second last day and was so sorry - I would have been there every day otherwise! I envy anyone who is about to go to Uma, we would go back in a flash. We spend the second week with friends in a villa in Canggu, which was also fabulous. All in all it would be difficult not to enjoy Bali.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MarriedZim
<Content>Exceptional service, staff exceptional We were here on honeymoon and could not have found a more idyllic place. We were spoilt with exceptional food (the recipes I am still trying to copy back at home!), wonderful staff and some special relaxing time together. The complementary yoga and morning walks should not be missed!!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Missi0nary
<Content>Near Perfection Simply wonderful! Rooms are a delight. Pool to die for. Chilled out bar (perhaps a little TOO chilled out?). Lovely breakfast (although we thought the evening meals a bit uninspired). Great little gym.Satff couldn't have been more friendly or helpful. We were there for 5 nights and by the end of it felt like house guests!We tended to walk into town in the early evening for dinner or shows etc and then catch the complimentary shuttle bus back.Check out the cookery class at the Four Seasons Sayan (the reception can book it for you) which is great value as it includes a delicious lunch after the class as well as a guided trip to the market in the morning.If you go for one of the guided walks through the padi fields over to the other Uma resort, beware of the dogs on the way!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>armie_151
<Content>An Insider's Resort We stayed in the lovely Uma for four days during the October national holidays. We were attracted by the small size of the resort and the private cottages with small pools overlooking the ravine. This is the kind of place In the know travellers and those who have experienced luxury resorts in other places will love. Glitz and over the top decadence is eschewed in favor of privacy, comfort and tasteful design. No ultra-minamalist, Phillipe Stark inspired, glass-rectangular-everything here. Just lovely proportions, lush intimate spaces and peace and quiet. The menu emphasizes good healthy eating with artfully prepared meals heavy on fruits and vegetables. It's a clean, modern menu without any tendancies toward food cliches. It was really nice to have new and interesting juice combinations with every meal. The copmlementary daily yoga class is a nice touch. The location is not the most convenient. The western edges of Ubud and certain art galleries are within walking distance, but the centre and main attrations of Ubud are a bit of a hike. There is a complementary shuttle, but frankly it was a pain working around their schedule, and the last car back is too early at 9:00pm. Taxis are a hassle in Ubud as there really aren't any. Basically everyone with any form of transport is a taxi and all the negotiating foolery that goes with that.Yes it's a bit expensive to stay here, but when compared with the much larger and ridiculously overwrought Four Seasons it punches well above its weight.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>MD11
<Content>The BEST place to stay in Ubud!! Found this hotel through Expedia, Trip Advisor, LonelyPlanet etc. so really didn't know what to expect. But what a great surprise - it totally surpassed all our expectations!Uma Ubud is VERY well located. Just 5 minutes fromMonkey Forest Rd (the centre of Ubud - Art Market etc.) It is in the middle of lush surroundings to give you a great view of the paddy fields etc. But also a minute's walk from 2 FABULOUS places to eat - Mozaic and Naughty Nuri's. Both could not be more different! Mozaic is a lovely gourmet french restaurant -a must do when you're in Ubud. Fantastic 6 course meal; great ambience. Naughty Nuri's is more of a local haunt- very chilled out - like a biker bar -but great food and a wonderful slice of local flavour..Other than that, we saw a few other hotels in Ubud, and Uma is the best by far. It has a lovely pool and serene bar and dining area.. The rooms were gorgeous - we stayed in the Garden Room which is slightly bigger and has a separate bathroom that was quite stunning. The Terrace room was also nice with a great view of the rice fields..Super facilities - Free Internet access. The famous Como Shambala Spa. (Dont forget the widely famous Como Shambala toiletries). A well equipped gymn. Free Yoga classes every morning.Breakfast was superb.You must make the most of it - the juices were fresh and delicious!Overall, a peaceful and gorgeous experience. All I can say is if you're going to Ubud, Uma is the place to stay!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NewYorkTripWinner
<Content>Worth the 26 hour flight for one night at this hotel.       Typical English Breakfast, Updated  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ilkka
<Content>Fantastic Uma Ubud       On morning walk  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Maya07
<Content>The best experience ever!!! We stayed at the Uma Ubud for 5 nights in July, and it was the best hotel experience we have ever had! Everything about the Uma is perfect: the beautiful surroundings, the simple, eleagant decor, the healthy  delicious meals, the extremely professional  luxurious spa treatments, and the exceptional kindness  attentiveness from the staff. We took advantage of everything there was to offer (morning walks, river rafting, bike riding, daily yoga class, cultural excursions, and simply relaxing by the pool) and loved them all! I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough, and am forever grateful to the wonderful staff for striking the perfect balance of warm, personal attention without being invasive or insincere. It was pure joy to vacation there and I hope to be lucky enough to return someday.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Food_traveller32
<Content>Fantastic Hotel in every way One of the best hotels in this price range in south east Asia. Great rooms, fantastic food and a quite but cool atmosphere. Complimentary Yoga classes in the afternoon with excellent view over the valley and river.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>jvangend
<Content>Enjoyed the Uma It was our first trip to Bali and an unforgettable one. Our stay at Uma Ubud contributed to the wonderful experience. We were greeted by Uma staff at the terminal who personally escorted us to the awaiting car. Thereafter, we were introduced to driver, offered cold towels, drinks and were on our way to Uma! We arrived in Bali late so it was about 1130pm by the time we arrived it the resort. Knowing that we were tired, reception staff checked us in efficiently, and walked us to our Garden Suite. Rooms 鈥?Looked a little old and tired but we liked the landscaped pond as we walked through the door to our Garden Suite. The frogs croaked rather loudly at night which we found rather charming. The bedroom area is air-conditioned, but the bathroom area is open-air so be prepared to be up close and personal to ants, spiders, etc. These bugs are generally harmless, I was bitten by a few (as I normally do and as one would expect being in Asia) but my husband however got away without a single bite! Food was very lovely 鈥?fresh, full of local and Asian flavours and utterly delicious. A healthy menu, designed for sister hotel Como Shambala, is also available. We did not have a single bad meal at all during our entire stay. The guided morning walk, around the nearby padi fields and local villages, is not to be missed. On the whole, we found the Ubud Discovery package good value for money. Though the hotel only has a 4* rating, the service for us was top notch - it was warm, efficient, attentive but unobtrusive. The hotel is serene, tranquil and it was a good escape from our hectic city corporate lives.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>FromSantaFe
<Content>Enjoyed our stay Our four day visit to the Uma was enjoyable, most especially because of its physical beauty, such as the way the units fit into the landscape as it descends to the valley floor, and the Shangri La feel of the restaurant. We got a discounted rate that made it among the lowest-cost of the high end options on offer, so it was good value. The staff was fine, breakfast interesting (it was included; we ate all our other meals elsewhere), nice pool, comfortable bed, no bug problem, quite a bit to do within walking distance, bathroom verged on spectacular, and my wife thinks the bath soap among the best ever. It was not perfect. Our room had a slight moldy smell (not a big problem, but not what you expect in a top resort) and given the overall aesthetics of the place, the room was astonishingly barren. Fortunately we had read TA reviews and knew to book a terrace room, so we spent most of our time (when not at the pool or out and about) sitting on the terrace. We did check out a garden room (even more moldy) and it seemed claustrophobic.In sum, no regrets and we would be happy to stay again, but (assuming we can mail order the soap) it didn鈥檛 qualify for our (relatively short) must return list.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>M0N
<Content>Would not stay here again! My husband and I booked the Shambala suite and it was definitly over rated. Overall, it was not very clean and not worth what we were paying. The design was so so and there was no place to hang the towels!! Also, it needed serious maintenance because the jacuzzi did not work and the first time we turned it on it smelled awful!! like it hadn't been cleaned in centuries!! oh, and the air con didn麓t work either.The good news is that we spoke to the manager and she upgraded us to the Begawan Giri (which is a much better hotel).The best thing about the Uma was our breakfast.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	5	5	2	

<Author>Markgrid
<Content>Over rated We stayed at Uma Ubud in mid June for 6 nights. We must say the place is nice and clean, staff are friendly and the service is good. There is complimentary morning walks to the padi fields, yoga classes and free shuttle to the ubud centre. But most of the resorts in ubud provide those frills anyway. We do think the resort is slightly overrated. We had stayed in nicer places in Langkawi and Krabi. The decor of the place is quite minimal and utilitarian. There is only one restaurant in the resort. The menu is rather limited, the food generally is very average but there are one or two very nice dishes. You will get better and tastier meals outside the resort. There were some bed bugs and sandflies which left us with some very nasty bites. There were no mosquito problems since there is a mosquito netting around the bed. The resort still uses mosquito coils in the rooms instead of an electrical insect repellent which is very unhealthy and certainly not good if you have respiratory problems. The spa menu is also slightly on the high side and it is certainly not better than any of the massages we had before. In fact, we think the massage was rather mediocre. However, overall we did have an enjoyable stay. Although, we are unlikely to revisit Uma unless the package is very competitive.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>Globaladventure
<Content>Bali's gem Stayed at Uma Ubud during a trip around Bali. Ubud is definately the nicest place on the island (much better than the beach resorts), with more culture, activities, shopping etc...Uma is a real gem. It is situated on the edge of Ubud town and there are some great art galleries around the hotel. The small, intimate feeling of the hotel certainly makes you feel like it is your own personal resort. It is beautifully designed. We stayed in a Garden Room - the bedroom and stunning bathroom overlook a tranquil courtyard and pond. Rooms are furnished with everything you need, including a DVD player (there is a good library of films at Reception) - a nice touch if you fancy a quiet night in.There is a lovely pool, with open plan bar/lounge overlooking it. The cuisine is a real plus - especially breakfast. We did not use the spa (which looked very nice), but participated in the free daily yoga - certainly helped us to chill out. The staff and service really stood out - so friendly and helpful.With all of this - you would expect a high price tag. Not at all - very good value for money. I would definately return if we are ever in Ubud again.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>maxim531
<Content>Great hotel to chill out - mix of urban chic in the middle of rice paddies Great hotel - but stay at least 2 nights to enjoy it's full flavor. This hotel is great in its attention to the little details and free amenities. Wife and I stayed here during our honeymoon while on our way to Amed for one night. Check in team was very friendly considering our check in time was late in the evening. Security to the hotel was fairly tight given that it's not as large as say, the Ritz Carlton in Jimbaran. I would not necessarily recommend this hotel for the disabled or those in a wheelchair. There are too many stairs between the units to make it easy to move around. Not that very many hotels in Bali are handicapped accessible, but this one didn't appear to be one of the easier ones. Initial reactions were wow! The beds utilize some very large mosquito nets that at night when illuminated give a nice shimmery effect to the room along with the warm accent lighting in the bedrooms. The beds themselves were huge (king), with at least 400 thread count linens, wonderful down comforter, and some of the softest down pillows I've ever rested my head on. I did not upload any pictures because of the way the photos came out. Photos doesn't do this place justice when you take photos of it during the daytime. It's the evening, nighttime vibe with all the wonderful pool and walkway illumination of this place that makes it so cool and tranquil. Someone designed this place to reflect one word: RELAX. Air conditioning units were some of the best I'd experienced during our stay in Bali. This in conjunction with the overhead fan took care of any and all of our cooling needs. I noticed that Uma Ubud actually has their own branded flip flops for you waiting by the bedside when you arrive. Not only were the flip flops very comfortable, they actually left a men's size on one side for me and a smaller women's size on the other side of the bed for my wife. I found this attention to detail most gratifying and surprising. We also received free arrival drinks in addition to a fresh fruit bowl waiting for us in the room, as well as some wonderful fresh flowers in the bathroom. When we got to the room, our outside patio area had two wicker chairs separated by a small table with a glass hurricane and candle. The candle was already lit for our arrival and lent a very warm atmosphere to chill out outside if we chose. Very nice touch.If there's one thing that the Uma Ubud has better than all the other hotels we stayed at (including the Ritz Carlton, Ellie's, Bayu Cottages, and Alam Jiwa) it's that their water pressure and temperature, and bathroom setup is one of the strongest and hottest that I've ever experienced in a hotel room anywhere in the world at this price. Extra long (by U.S. standards) and deep tubs are accompanied with a very cool indoor/outdoor shower feature. I took a walk outside the next morning to figure out how they were able to get such ridiculous water pressure and temperature and noticed that our room potentially shares one industrial sized water boiler with one other room (either that or it was dedicated just for our one room). I've never seen this kind of hot water set up with a hotel room. Incredible.Room was outfitted with a very good electronic room safe for valuables and when you opened the closet doors, they automatically turned on the interior lights of the closet. My wife had picked up a very bad cough and was in our bedroom to sleep it off when I requested cough syrup from the front desk. The front desk immediately gave me 4 cold tablets for my wife and volunteered to take care of the cough syrup request for me. 20 mins later a chime at our room's front door with a smiling serviceman with a bottle of Vicks Formula 44 bought from the local apothecary automatically charged to the room at cost. At nighttime, the illumination details of Uma Ubud are very cool. Free internet PCs (only 2 of them) are available for use w/high speed connection. Given the lack of ability to get decent broadband throughout Bali this was a very nice plus. While my wife was sleeping off the cold, I swung by the restaurant to get some food and drinks. Their Bali coffee was very good as was their summer spring roll appetizers. Highly recommended spring roll sauces!The layout of their restaurant/bar is VERY chill as it overlooks the pool with vanishing edge. It felt more New York lounge than Ubud hotel. Upbeat chill music played in the background while the staff was incredibly hospitable - I was the only one in the bar at the time. One of the cool things about the restaurant/bar is that it's lined with two bookcases that line one of the walkways to the bar that's actually filled with hardcover classics to read. Everything from Herman Melville's Moby Dick to Tolstoi's War and Peace could be found for your reading pleasure. Water features at this hotel were beautiful. The outdoor pool with vanishing edge was unusually cold however - couldn't tell if it was separately chilled by a refrigeration unit or if that was something unique to the climate in Ubud. What makes Uma Ubud great is that amenities you get at this price. Definitely take advantage of the free morning tour (8AM) lasts about 1-1/2 hours through the rice fields. Our guide even provided us mosquito repellent for the walk. Be sure to wear long pants on this walk and decent shoes, I would not recommend flip flops for the tour in that it requires you to traverse some difficult slopes and slippery walkways. Great photo ops and opportunities to ask questions about the local vegetation and customs. The complimentary breakfast buffet the next morning was wonderful. Highly recommend their a la carte menu with Balinese menu items. Great chefs! Breakfast overlooked their koi pond and decorative waterfall. While walking back to our rooms I noticed hotel staff manually conditioning all of the teak wood fixtures in the restaurant/bar/pool area in addition to manually sweeping up all of the fallen frangipani flower buds. They appear to do this every day in that a wet frangipani becomes quite slippery on their stone walkways. Although we only stayed one night, I definitely would have liked to have stayed at least one or two more nights to enjoy all the little things that Uma Ubud had to offer. I will definitely stay at Uma Ubud again when my wife and I revisit Ubud for our future wedding anniversary.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jeannedelor
<Content>We Loved this Hotel We booked the Ubud Discovery package and we were pleased with everything. The grounds are beautiful, our room was very clean, the staff was cordial, the food was excellent, and the extras were appreciated. We enjoyed the morning guided walks through the rice fields and the yoga class. There is also a free shuttle into downtown Ubud and to the Monkey Forest. We enjoyed our 5 hours with a guide and driver, which was part of the Ubud Discovery package. One afternoon, we walked out the front gate of the hotel, ate a nice lunch at a nearby restaurant and got massages at a nearby spa for a total cost of about $50 US for both of us. We were sad to leave. As part of our Bali trip, we also stayed at an expensive hotel on Jimbaran Bay, which was also very nice, but if given a choice, we preferred Uma Ubud.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Purim
<Content>The Best in Bali We stayed at Uma for 6 nights in May following 5 nights at the Oberoi in Seminyak. We were blown away by this hotel. It only has 22 rooms or so, and often we just felt we had the run of the place. The pool, cocktail bar and restaurant only ever had a couple of other people so it felt, and was, really exclusive. Bathrooms just unbelieveable. We had never done Yoga before and since the hotel offers a free 4pm Yoga session, we thought we would give it a try. We ended up going every evening we were there. Wonderful calming Yoga pavilion with breathtaking views of the gorge together with patient instructors made this a memorable beginning to a new hobby. They have a guide at the Hotel, Suasta, who is just the best. Informative, caring about Balinese culture without being overbearing. It was joy to go on a morning walk though the paddy fields with him and his escort to a cremation in a nearby village - his village, was also fantastic. We would also like to single out a guy called Agung who made just the perfect Chilli Martini. This is really a fantastic hotel, and I cannot think of a single negative item.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Seggies
<Content>Perfect Chillout       Danger, men at work.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>capetina
<Content>Unbeatable luxury that exceeds expectations We spent 5 nights at Uma and felt that it was the best accomodation in Ubud. We've stayed at a number of properties, including the Aman resorts, and nothing matches the high level of service, comfort and overall beauty of Uma Ubud. The rooms are gorgeous and reflect a modern twist on Balinese design. We spent many hot afternoons enjoying the beautiful infinity pool and healthful meal options. Thumbs up for Uma!  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SonnyDelight
<Content>Very very good A thoroughly pleasant 11 nights here after one night at The Intercontinental which although impressive was just too big for what we prefer. Exceptional service throughout, fantastic food at the restaurant, a great pool and the place was about a quarter full when we arrived so it was bliss! We were given a free lunch, dinner and 1hr massage each on arrival too without explanation which was nice. Free morning walks and afternoon yoga (which we never managed to go to but heard was excellent), free internet and a great Garden Room. On arrival we had the option of paying a bit more for a pool-less suite but preferred the Garden Room - the layout is wonderful and you have your own little fishpond with water feature too! One of the best stays we have had anywhere and we visited the Como Shambala one afternoon (The Uma's much bigger sister) and actually preferred it here. We always research a great deal and this didnt let us down in any area. Book up now!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChillaDaddy
<Content>The Very Best       Shambala Suite - bedroom with sliding wall!!!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rc_traveller
<Content>quite good hotel First of all, don't forget Uma Ubud is a four stars hotel and not a five stars. It means you'll do not have the privacy you can find at Amandari or The Chedi Club at Tanah Gajah...However, this is a great place to stay well located not so far from Ubud center and just opposite Mozaic which is the best restaurant in Bali. The resort is secluded in a nice enchanted garden and there is an interesting decor with a modern touch. The atmosphere is relaxing and the bar is especially trendy and cool with huge day beds and delicious cocktails. It's the perfect place for an after dinner drink in front of the pool.The rooms are nice (it's better to choose a Garden room much more original than a Terrace room too much classic in style). However, be careful about the comfort: only one chair, extremly humid bed linens, bed too soft and not enough dark at night due to the bad blind window, problems with the soundproofing... The comfort is very important and it's not a really good point at Uma...However, the service is really good and the staff is very smily and even if the breakfast is a bit too light, quality of food is very satisfacting.For me, this is maybe not the best place to stay in Ubud but due to the very good value for money, it's probably a very good choice.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>PinkMarmalade
<Content>No ums here We were at Uma Ubud to celebrate our wedding anniversary and we had a wonderful time. The hotel has beautiful gardens, a great selection of books at the bar/library and best of all, excellent service. The amazing attention to detail in looking after their guests runs from the airport meet and greet to providing a complimentary shuttle service into Ubud town and nearby restaurants in the evenings. We also went for a morning walk through the paddy fields with a local staff member who was very knowledgeable and charming! We shall certainy be back as it is one of the nicest hotels we have stayed in anywhere in the world.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zoomeroomer
<Content>Can't wait to return to UMA Stayed at the UMA for 2 nights in a terrace room and emerged totally relaxed and recharged.Was lucky to catch the hotel in low season, place was utterly serene and prob only saw a handful of other guests around the entire time. Restaurant, poolbar and front desk staff were friendly and helpful.What I really appreciated:5mins walk from Mozaic (must be the best restaurant in Bali)Pool is a good length, could be 25metresFree transfers to town from morning to nightResort is lush and green with lots of plants  flowersComo shambhala toiletriesNo major issues with the hotel except that there were flies by the poolside, which makes it inconvenient if you want to leave your food /drink unguarded while you take a dip.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>marxusboy
<Content>A breed apart Stayed in a Garden Room at the Uma Ubud for a 3-night stay earlier this month as part of their 'Festive Package'. Upon arrival, I was impressed by the landscaping and the serenity of the place. True, this is far from being uncommon in Bali, but I found the place to be even more relaxed and welcoming than usual. The hostess who was waiting for us upon arrival made us feel very comfortable and took the time to show us our room and to explain everything to us - a nice touch!The room had a nice private courtyard and although it was very tastefully done, there was no place to sit in the room except for the one desk chair (and the bed, of course!). I particularly liked the design of the garden shower: it was 'semi-outdoor', very difficult to explain the concept but when taking a shower, you had the best of both worlds! Of all the outdoor showers I've tried in Bali, this is the most brilliantly done, in my opinion.I could go on about this place, telling you how peaceful it was, how great the food was (if you like to eat spicy, don't be shy and try out their more exotic offerings, you won't regret it!) and how lovely and quiet the pool is during the day... But what sets this place apart is the graciousness of the staff, their big smiles and their eagerness to please. They bent over backwards for us, they accommodated our demands in every little way that they could, and even though our room was half of the price of our suite at the Four Seasons Sayan (where we stayed right after leaving Uma Ubud), we found the place absolutely top-notch!Now what I'd like to know is this: all are other properties owned by the Como Shambala group as wonderful as Uma Ubud? I'll make sure to try one and let you know next time around.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pilgrim108
<Content>Elegant and Freindly       View of Pool from the Bar  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>LizDuck
<Content>Beautiful Uma We booked a 3 night stay at the Uma Ubud as part of our honeymoon. This hotel has received many fave reviews on this website- for good reason. The setting is beautiful, the staff exceptional, and the rooms chic and stylish.We stayed in a terrace room which was delightful- just big enough for 2, with an outdoor shower and sunken bath.In the Bali heat it is a little too far to walk into Ubud- but the free shuttle service runs every hour and is very reliable.The food at the hotel is good- but there are also some great resaurants nearby.Make sure you visit the spa- expensive but a much more luxurious experience than any of the cheaper spas we tried! Also try a cocktail or two- they are wonderful.Couldn't recommend more highly!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Marms&Elms
<Content>Surpassed expectations The Uma Ubud is a boutique resort in a class of its own. Whereas many of the very nice hotels in Ubud are expensive (US$400+), at the Uma you get tremendous value for money for the approx US$200+ you pay per night. The Villas were done in a very elegant and understated manner and with only 29 rooms, there wasn't a sense of the resort being overwhelmed by tourists. In fact, there was a very peaceful air to the place with its gardens and greenery evoking a mood more befitting a more mature property.While attention to detail was certainly first class, the standout aspect about the hotel was the service. This was our 6th trip to Bali and having stayed at many properties - some of which with very good service - we have to say that the Uma Ubud trumped them all. From check in, to room introductions, to wait staff, to activities staff, the Uma Ubud's people excelled in their service and in their commitment to making each guest feel at home.The Uma Ubud was also very well located, being along beginning of the road into Ubud. Most of the other top end hotels tend to be on the ridge above the Ayung River whereas the Uma Ubud's locations enabled us to walk into town in ten minutes. The Neka Art Museum was also right next door, and the Mosaic restaurant is just a five minute walk down the road. Another plus for the Uma Ubud is that you are able to use the one of a kind spa at its sister property, the Como Shambala Resort at Begawan Giri. The hotels will provide complimentary car services to each other. The outdoor spa closer to the river at the Como Shambala is worth the several hundred step trek down (and up) from the resort for that sense of being away from it all.Overall, a first class hotel with tremendous value for money. I would certainly stay here on any return trip.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>twiglet_uk
<Content>How hotels should be! This hotel is absolutely fantastic - and I'm fairly hard to please!Obviously lots of attention has gone into the design of this hotel and the results are beautiful. From the rooms, to the pool, the restaurant, spa and general surroundings. It is very peaceful and felt empty (although we were told it was nearly full). They have created an extremely relaxing, spacious environment. We stayed in a terrace room (no. 32) for 4 nights in early Oct. It was simple with nice features such as the four posted bed, an outside terrace  small garden (where we sat in the evenings with a drink), and a huge bathroom with bath and outside shower. The decoration is simple and elegant from the marble floor to the very high thatched ceiling, in classic whites and neutral colours.The staff deserve a special mention. Lots of small touches which add up to a feeling that you are a valued guest. They remembered our names and greeted us each time we walked through reception. We were bought iced water regularly lying by the pool. We used the shuttle down to the town and back again every day - the drivers were friendly and we picked up some useful info on restaurants, shows etc (I agree with the previous reviewer who said it was too far to walk! With the free shuttle or taxi's at 拢1 a go - why walk?? If you want exercise head out to the rice paddies).If you are lucky enough to get a few nights in Ubud, stay at the Uma!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>davidcarol
<Content>peace Ideal for couples seeking peace great service beautiful surroundings,romantic rooms, excellent food ! It was our anniversary and we had a romantic spa for 2, on returning to our room [ with fish pool and 4 poster bed ] our standalone bath with curtains was filled with flower -petals----nice touch ! Relaxing bar and lounge area. Pool was rather cold, which was a shame but on mentioning this the attentive manager, Newton, he said this would be cured in the near future.--going to ubud ------go uma !!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DSESHAMANI
<Content>Chilled out and chic The Uma Ubud was very chic, very relaxed and definitely worth a visit for people who want a healthy way to get away from it all! We arrived there tired but were revived by the cold towel and wonderful room. The decor was stunning - bathrooms certainly dramatic. Once at the Uma, you can indulge in yoga, walking trails, etc while subsisting on the amazing Ayurvedic menu. My favorite - NOT TO BE MISSED - was the pumpkin soup which was probably the nicest soup I have ever tasted. The staff was unpretentious - they reccomended a very nice and inexpensive cafe in town, the Buddha Cafe as we wanted a vegetarian meal. The one thing about the Uma that could be better was the Spa experience. There was construction next o the spa and my massage was a noisy affair - the spa did not bother offering me a discount for the trouble. The treatments were not particularly innovative or good value for money.All in all, the balinese welcome was wonderful, and the experience in general was great - miss the Uma spa and try some treatments in the town of Ubud instead!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ANON5000
<Content>Wonderful Honeymoon We stayed at Uma for three nights as part of our Honeymoon and could not compliment the hotel more. The staff are so friendly and the facilities 5 star. We were in the Shambala suite with prvate garden, infinity pool, and a whole host of other features. I would recomment you get breakfast included and pay in advance, we were then able to have in brought to the room every morning and not worry about the cost. We would also recommend the suite as it included 2 x 1hr massage for the guests staying there (min three nights)Food in the hotel is out of this world but there are also many reasonably priced restaurant in Ubud which is 5 min away and they provide free transport.Thank you Uma Ubud ! for an unforgettable trip  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Foddy
<Content>Love the Uma Ubud! We have stayed at the Uma a total of 3 times now (once together and once each separately, on visits to see a house we are buying in Ubud). We have also stayed at the Natura which we liked, but the Uma is in a different class.The staff are extremely helpful and the place - sadly - never seems to be full. It deserves to be. The breakfasts are fantastic, but otherwise we usually ate out, as there is such an enormous choice of restaurants a 5 minute drive away in Ubud town. I would especially recommend Ary's Warung (close to Ubud Palace).The rooms are beautifully - and simply - decorated and the bathrooms are fantastic. The pool is long enough for some good exercise; there aren't many poolside chairs, but I guess sufficient to go around. I'm not sure if the private pool villas are really worth the extra. There is certainly no room to swim, and the one we had once didn't seem to catch much sunshine so was a bit chilly.One thing I would certainly disagree with an earlier poster about is that the Uma is within easy walking distance of Ubud town. It is a very strenuous up and downhill walk and would take at the very least 20 minutes. Mozaic restaurant is a few minutes away, but, as another has suggested, very over-rated.Also, try to get the phone number of a local taxi driver after you get there. They charge a quarter of what the hotel taxi does! OK, we're only talking US$1 to get into town instead of US$4 (!), but it does add up.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect, perfect, perfect !!! We had a great experience in Uma Ubud, the hotel is perfect in all aspects, from location (quite close to Ubud center) to service. Rooms are awesome, very nice and trendy, all the staff is quite friendly and are always taking care of every single detail. They really make you feel at home !!!. We travel a lot and always try to book design hotels, but Uma Ubud is the very best up to now.Ubud is the best location to see the real Bali (not the crowded beaches), the village is really nice and have many great places to eat, have a coffee or do some shopping.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>t-puk
<Content>Understated luxury               More photos  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible boutique hotel with amazing service and friendly staff               More photos  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Uma Ubud My wife and I stayed at the Uma Ubud for 6 nights in early June 2006 and was absolutely fantastic - we travel a lot around Asia (for work and holidays) staying at some of the best chains and the Uma would still rank in the top hotels we've ever been at!!The rooms are actually large villas - great modern decor and private: we never felt like leaving! The staff are unbelievable and meticulously efficient (like noticing if our glass of water was running slightly dry at the pool) and completely unobtrusive. All our requests were met with a smile and nothing seemed too hard! Breakfasts were an unbelievable spread (try the fresh juice blends!) and we had a couple of dinners at the hotel as well. Small stylish pool, but never more than a handful of folk around, so quite private. Free morning yoga classes and daily walks added to the peaceful / health focus of the Uma. Chill out music everywhere in the pool bar, restaurant and reception!The hotel is located a short ride from downtown Ubud and a comfortable 20 min stroll (via countless art galleries, eateries and shops so took us 2-3 hrs!) to the center of Ubud.Health warning: We did try Mosaic restaurant but were underwhelmed (forced to choose a 3 course meal from a limited menu and average service for the price point) - ok if you want a stuffy meal in Bali, but for us recommend Kut De Ta at Semanyak which is a 45min drive away, but chance to see a different side of Bali.We would definitely go back anyday!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Peech
<Content>A nice place to stay in Ubud Uma is a wonderful place to stay in Ubud. We stayed there on a short stopover in Bali, and didn't want to spend lots of $$ staying at the Four Seasons. It's very good value at less than half the price of the Four Seaons or Amandari. The rooms are actually half a standalone villa, with your own small garden terrace. We were lucky because we actually had the best view of the valley/terraces from our room. You don't get your own pool but that's OK. The bath products from the Como Shambala spa are excellent. Didn't get a chance to do the spa but will definitely try next time.The hotel is on the main thoroughfare in Ubud, so it's very convenient and a short walk to restaurants like Mozaic (highly recommended), or the center of Ubud town.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Real Gem A real gem of a hotel retreat. The entire place trancends peace, tranquility  even spirituality one might argue.The whole package is just right. The eco friendly environment, the ambience  the ever smiling staff. The service is second to none, discreet yet friendly. The food is fresh, delicious, beautifully prepared  presented. My favouite was 'The fish of the day' i.e. groupa in a delicious broth, yum.The Spa at Uma Ubud is heaven on earth and the Spa treatment we experienced here were top notch.My wife  I travel extensively throughout SE Asia and we have stayed in some fantastic hotels, the small but beautiful formed Uma Ubud is right up there amongst the best.Highly recommended !  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hutch12
<Content>Very Stylish!!! Awesome Place!             Really cool bathroom with sunken tub  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon Heaven My husband and I ended our honeymoon at Uma Ubud because we wanted the last hotel to be something really special. We were not disappointed! We stayed in one of the pool villas overlooking the river canyon which was beautiful. The room was spotless and huge! Great four post canopy bed, living room, dining room, extra large bathroom (with the best shower pressure!) and comfy chairs on the porch. Unfortunately it rained everyday we were there (mid December) so we didn't get to take advantage of the private pool as much as we had hoped but the hotel provided free DVDs and there was great room service. There's a shuttle into town (about 5-10 minutes) everyday that you have to pay for, which is disappointing at this price level, but always on time. Ubud is a gem! Great stores, art galleries, dance performances, etc. Take the rice paddy walk through the hotel--its almost completely flat and the tour guide was very knowledgeable about farming practices and local culture. For a real treat, splurge at Mosaic, a restaurant down the street. Its expensive but you get a multi-course dinner that is unbelievable.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommended for short break   showReview(4332931, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KL_Sue
<Content>Amazing - from start ot finish   showReview(4319029, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific Boutique Hotel       Shambala suite  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Commerce90
<Content>Very good choice in Ubud   showReview(4100905, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>viag
<Content>totally awed   showReview(4089812, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MJB2
<Content>oasis of calm at uma   showReview(4044822, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rubento
<Content>Stylish Zen hotel   showReview(4013707, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I shouldn't be telling you this..   showReview(3996899, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LondonTrav
<Content>Uma Ubud is a real gem- an absolute must   showReview(3843074, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lud
<Content>wonderful experience   showReview(3802421, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>etquidautre
<Content>Tr猫s Professionel       Piscine et Lounge  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Berthe
<Content>hotel tr猫s agr茅able   showReview(20697177, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇倱銇炽倞銇俱仯銇熴倞   showReview(21744513, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hashashas
<Content>銈︺儢銉夈仹涓€鐣伄銇娿仚銇欍倎銇с仚锛?#x201d;   showReview(20545400, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Plume15
<Content>Merveilleux h么tel   showReview(20191246, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Accueil et convivialit茅   showReview(19649752, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un vrai havre de paix   showReview(18539054, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superbe!   showReview(17439525, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈︺儢銉夈伄闅犮倢瀹躲兇銈ｃ儵   showReview(19164419, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nad017
<Content>Merveilleux hotel   showReview(8377674, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ParisLaetitia
<Content>Le plus bel h么tel de notre voyage   showReview(7940818, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

