<Author>Sunrising88
<Content>Never come back My husband and I stayed at this hotel on Dec. 15. We were taking the morning flight to Las Vegas. I have to say this is the worst experience with Best Western we have ever had. First of all, the heater was broken at late night so that we were too cold to sleep any longer. The hotel did not provide any quilt but a very thin blanket. We were almost frozen. Secondly, the breakfast was not good at all, few choices, no bacon or sauge or ham, and the hot water was not hot enough for oatmeal. In comparison, the Best Western in Redding is too good to be true.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Wolfman66
<Content>Good place to hide from the snow I was stuck at Sea-Tac during the great Seattle snow of 2008 and couldn't get home to Bellevue. This hotel is typical of Best Westerns-- the Honda Accord of hotel chains. Room was clean, nothing too fancy but had a few nice amenities-- fridge, iPod iHome player with speakers, and lounge chair. As with most BWs, it has free WIFI and a decent continental breakfast. Plus, while it's close enough to the airport to have shuttle service, it's very quiet here. I didn't hear one airplane the whole night / next morning.The hotel restaurant wasn't amazing, but it was edible; and with the weather being lousy, I was glad I didn't have to leave. The hotel staff did say that the shuttle driver could drive you to other restaurants and bars in the Seatac area.All in all, a very good airport hotel. Another guest in the hotel bar expressed disappointment that there wasn't much to do around the property. That's true, but if you want to be near exciting stuff, you have to stay in Downtown Seattle.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>watraveler49
<Content>Don't leave your car! We stayed at the Best Western the night before we flew out of Seatac. We left our car in the lot and paid the Park n' Fly rate. We came home a week later to a shattered rear car window. When asked about the last time something like this had happened, I was told,  Not for quite a while, at least a week. If I had seen that on trip advisor, I would have chosen a different hotel. The management was compassionate and, far too easily, found duct tape and plastic to secure the window. No other efforts were made on our behalf. Our stay at the Best Western turned out to be much more expensive than the cost of the room. Stay only if you don't plan to park in the lot overnight.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	4	2	4	

<Author>Beachie13
<Content>Great for airport travel plans. I stay at this hotel whenever I'm taking an early morning flight. It's close to the airport and has a 24 hr. free shuttle. The rooms are quite adequate, very clean and affordable. There is also a great continental breakfast included. Not just left over pastries and terrible coffee.....real food and a good selection. Also, there is an attached restaurant, closer to cafe style, has a good menu to choose from and a bar. This is a great place to stay, especially if you're trying to be near the airiport.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DisneyParis
<Content>Great for Airport-Room choice hit or miss! Dates of Stay 24 October 2008 (room 16) and 26 October 2008 (room 180)I stayed here after flying in and before flying out during my weekend adventure to Vancouver, BC. I found a great, non stop roundtrip airfare from Orlando to Seattle and decided to visit Vancouver-I visited Seattle a few years ago. I highly recommend this hotel if you are flying in late or leaving early or both like I did. It's not as close, noisy, or overpriced as the ones closer like the Hampton Inn. I will definitely consider this place if/when I return to Seattle and need somewhere near the airport.I would have given this hotel a 3.5 for room #16 but a 4.5 for room #180 so my rating overall is a 4! The front desk was very helpful. Guy on first night very nice and blocked room for my return stay when I complained about noise and location of Room #16. Lady on second night very helpful and friendly despite Fox News Channel on lobby tv. Free Airport Shuttle great! I dropped off the rental car on return and was picked up at Thrifty Rental Car place in less than 10 minutes. Shuttle to airport on last morning was great and on time as well-tell them when you need to leave-they depart every half hour in the morning. Breakfast not the best-they had boiled eggs which appeared to be preboiled somewhere else and then packaged to be reheated in hot water-they were like rubber. They had waffles, juice, coffee, and all the usual. I don鈥檛 remember any meat-think they had some sausage gravy but not sure. It was a very basic no-frills breakfast.Both rooms-2 queen sized beds-ok-4 pillows each-form rubber not firm enough for me. TV with over 70 channels, chest of drawers (3 drawers) under tv for storage, refrigerator, coffee/tea maker with ample supplies. Shower only. No toiletries except one bar of soap. Soap, shower, and conditioner dispenser in shower-there was sign saying more supplies available at front desk, if needed. Chair and table-no desk-no safe. a/c ok did job not too noisy. Occassional plane passing over-but you're staying near the airport so expected.Room #16-backside lowest level of hotel over looking parking lot-nothing special but did the job. Room needs a little more lighting or brighter bulbs. Water in shower fluctuates between very hot and lukewarm-can be dangerous. Room #180-much better-at end of hall on first floor (really 2nd floor). Quieter and larger than room #16-more open space but same furniture set up. Good view to side/back of hotel-trees with autumn leaves (see recent reviewer鈥檚 photo) -100 yards of open space then some houses.Common areas: 3 free Internet terminals with printer in secure locked room accessible by room key. Pool and exercise room looked fine but didn鈥檛 use. Parking an issue on first stay-hotel overbooked. Second stay plenty of parking but didn鈥檛 have car since I returned it on arrival. One reviewer complained about long walk to room-it鈥檚 worth it to stay in Room #180 or nearby. Hotel totally smoke free and didn鈥檛 see any cheaters or evidence thereof. If you are going to stay there and arrive late (or even if you are going to arrive early), call the hotel directly and ask them to block off a room at the end of the back hallway for you. Staying on the bottom level was not pleasant-felt like I was staying in someone鈥檚 basement. Hotel felt very safe-never saw any questionable characters but they can be anywhere.Tip: If you have transportation, have dinner at Butler鈥檚 Bar and Grill, 22341 Marine View Dr, in Des Moines, WA. It鈥檚 just over 2 miles from the hotel. I鈥檓 sure they can provide directions at the hotel or call the restaurant. They are currently in the Delta Dining Guide so I earned some SkyMiles and had a great meal-the prawns and calamari are great!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>mladabol
<Content>Look forward to a return stay Convenient, comfortable, friendly, clean - and the clam chowder in the restaurant is the best I've ever had anywhere! I look forward to the next stay!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FP4BMO
<Content>Another great park and fly stay We stayed at this hotel previously in April 08, see my review below.This hotel is not flashy by any stretch but it is clean, close to the airport, has a great park and fly program, buffet breakfast that is well stocked and a simple business center that allows you to check email and print boarding passes.We had reserved 3 rooms, asked that they all be close together as we were travelling with children. They accomodated our request and put us all side by side. The pool is clean and a big favourite for the kids. The hotel halls look somewhat dark and out dated but do not let this fool you, the rooms are clean, bright, great beds and updated bathrooms. I know some are critical of this property but this is a 2 - 3 star facility that wants your repeat business and takes simple steps to make sure that they will earn it, reasonable rate with a park and fly option, good breakfast, and professional staff. We have already made reservations for December when we travel again out of Seatac.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>luvsanies
<Content>Clean room and bathroom, very comfortable bed and pillows!       View from room 278  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rapublico
<Content>Pleasantly surprising: good stays both times The Executel is a typical airport style hotel/motel property, so if that fits your traveling style, you will probably get what you expect, and may even be pleasantly surprised, as I was. I stayed here both pre and post cruise, so had two different rooms, and each time they were both very clean and tastefully done, having been newly remodeled. The were fairly large too. The breakfast wasn鈥檛 gourmet but was enough to get you going and last until lunch, although heavy on the starch (waffles, biscuits  gravy, toast). Boiled eggs and apples/bananas were served too.The staff were really helpful giving all sorts of information. They recommended and reserved a restaurant (providing free shuttle van) that was located right on the waterfront, making for a perfect Seattle setting on our last night. The only fault is that the hallways desperately need to be remodeled. On the first stay, when walking to my room down the drab, tattered carpet, scratched up hallway, I was very apprehensive of what the room would be like. But as mentioned, my fears were unfounded once I opened the door. Would I stay there again? If I need a decent place at a decent price, I wouldn鈥檛 hesitate to go there again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>TXLuv2Travel
<Content>Decent Place to Stay My husband and I recently stayed at this Best Western and it is a decent place to stay. The room was clean and comfortable, as were the beds. It is close to airport and has a free shuttle. It offers fruit, cereal, can make your own waffles, biscuits, sausage gravy, juice and coffee for breakfast. Would stay again at this location.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>rinjates
<Content>Don't bother We stayed here on September 15th 2008. I booked a reverse park  stay meaning that we parked our vehicle in the hotel lot and flew out of Sea-Tac airport, when we returned to Sea-Tac, we stayed a night at the hotel.All of the hotels in the area offer these deals, I suggest that you consider other hotels before staying here.When we arrived at the hotel after 10 nights in Hawaii we checked into our room. My wife immediately noticed that the toilet seat was dirty. I reported this to the front desk and they moved us to a different room.When I went out to check on my vehicle I discovered that it had been broken into sometime while we were away. Nothing was taken, but there was about $1000 damage. I reported this to the hotel front desk person and he seemed indifferent.After looking around at thier long term parking area it became clear to my why my vehicle was not safe there. Thier parking area sits lower than the main street outside, so there is no line of sight into the parking lot from the roadway. Also the area is very poorly lit - a fact I could not have known when I first parked there in the daytime.If staying at one of these park  stay hotels be sure to have a good look around at the parking lot first.This hotel was not very impressive at all, which is unfortunate because I have always relied on the Best Western name when I see one in an unfamiliar town.I will not stay at this property again.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	2	-1	-1	

<Author>jenrad
<Content>Very Nice Place This was a very nice hotel to stay in. I was a little worried, being that it was near the airport, but it was very nice, very clean, and the staff was very friendly. The rooms had great beds and wonderful pillows. The bathroom was super clean and modern. The free continental breakfast was great, with fresh waffles, cereals, biscuits and gravy, etc. The only thing we didn't like was that there were no stores of any kind nearby. You couldn't walk anywhere if you needed anything. We needed a market or store, and walked a bit, but there was nothing within walking distance. Other than that, a great place to stay.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>houstylou
<Content>Louise from New Zealand Stayed from July 7-July 13th while Mum was hospitalised in Seattle. Were visiting from New Zealand and at very short noticed, needed comfortable accommodation. This hotel is fantastic! The rooms are lovely and clean. They are spacious. Nice big bathroom. Comfortable beds. Helpful front desk. Lovely shuttle drivers. The restaurant meals are fantastic, and well priced, and two of the waitresses, Kris and Cassi, are the best waitresses we've ever had the pleasure of meeting. Absolutely faultless. Highly recommended and will certainly stay again should we ever find ourselves in that part of the world again.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>NCDL
<Content>locked out of our room July 8, 2008Up until getting locked out of our room on a Saturday morning, 6/21/08, before going to the airport , we had a good night at the Best Western Executel in Seattle. I was eating breakfast and my husband came from exercising to tell me that his key was not working. My key also failed. The two staff at the desk were very polite and tried their keys which also failed. They explained that there was NO maintainence worker at the hotel on weekends and both the owner AND the manager were not on site. There was NO ONE AT THE HOTEL with access to the master key. We had planned out time carefully to eat, shower, refuel and return our rental car before we boarded our plane back to NC. Suddenly we were in panic mode as we realized the depth of our problem. It is clear that the owner of this privately owned Best Western, Nadeem, does NOT TRUST his staff as he does not give them access to a master key. We believe this is a liability issue to put hotel guests in possible danger when no one can enter a room. What a baby had been locked in when a mom ran to the ice machine? What if someone was ill in the room? The manager was called to come in and was said to live 10 minutes away. He came 50 minutes later and told us we did not have anything to worry about as he got the master key and simply unlocked the door. Wasn't that easy for him to say? He had not stood outside of the room sweating in exercise clothes worrying if he could shower, pack, clean and gas the car and board the plane in time. How dare he tell us we need not worry! It was the wrong thing to say and I told him so. He should have come immediately to the hotel and then apologized. We told him we did not want to pay for our night and he accepted that. We told him that the staff had been very caring but they were put in a terrible situation having to tell their guests they could not get access to a locked room. Best Westerns are now privately owned and this type of thing is a serious problem as there are no corporate policies which prevent it. We contacted the customer service dept. but they can only speak to Nadeem the owner who made it clear he did not want the staff to have access to the master key because it may get lost Has he heard of making a duplicate? It would simpler than having a dangerous situation at the hotel. If he does not trust his staff, he should not keep the hotel open.We left 50 minutes late to the airport where we had to run to our gate and we quite stressed after a nice vacation. It could have been so different. Deb L  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	3	4	4	5	1	3	

<Author>mama40
<Content>Good Choice Stayed at the Best Western Executel one night as we had a connecting flight at 5am the next morning. When picked up at the airport by the free shuttle, we were so pleased with the service and the humor our driver displayed. Wonderful trip to the hotel.Check in was a breeze, and the front desk staff was kind and funny. The hotel is quite a maze...got lost twice! The lounge serves a small but good menu, and the woman tending the bar was great. The room was clean, the bed was comfy, dipped a bit to much in the middle, but we were only sleeping for 4 hours so it didnt matter at all.Only complaint, we asked for a 2am wakeup call,....that didnt come! Good thing Hubby has a natural clock in his head. There is also an alarm clock for backup in the room, but every clock seems to be different so setting them can be hit and miss for me.In the morning, our shuttle driver was there, right on time, and confessed that it was he that forgot out wakeup call, he felt very bad about it, gave us a breakfast basket for the road and took us right to the door where we needed to check in at the airport. He was forgiven!All in all, a great place to stay, and we will do it again next time in Seattle!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SteveinPhilly
<Content>Not convient for morning fliers or those without a car We needed a hotel for the night before our flight home from Seattle after a cruise. Our flight was at 9am and so we figured it was easier to stay near Seatac the night before. The rate was also cheaper than in Seattle city center. I booked on Best Westerns website and paid about $89. for one night.. a Monday night.We arrived at about 3pm at the airport (via cab from downtown because of the flat rate). The shuttle picked us up promptly. We realized as we headed to the hotel that this was the LAST hotel on the Airport hotel strip. We asked the shuttle driver about food for dinner. He pointed out that the hotel restaurant was closed Mondays and that there was only an IHOP within walking distance.Check in was easy with an efficient desk clerk. She asked if we needed a shuttle in morning to airport and we said yes. We had separate flights at 8:40 and 9:00 am. We were told the shuttle runs every half hour on the half hour. We asked for 6:30 for one of us and 7am for the other. The desk person said that the 6:30 was full (They only have one van and it holds 12 people). One of us had to leave at 6am. So if you plan to use the shuttle, this is not the most convenient hotel.I then went to use the pool and spa. The pool was fine (both are indoor) but spa out of order.Next was dinner. I did hear that there was a Safeway nearby and figured we could make sandwiches. It is about 录 mile walk but it鈥檚 huge so that was backup plan. Room was clean and had nice bed and TV with 99 (!) cable channels.The walls can be thin and sound travels. Ask for quiet room.The business center has three PCS and printer that you can use (when others aren鈥檛). Breakfast started at 5am that was good and free breakfast had waffles, hardboiled eggs, cereal and bagels plus juice and coffee. I was pleased.So, I鈥檇 give it a pretty good rating if you have a car to go eat and if you want convenient service to airport. (I suggested to BW that they have a back up shuttle during morning peak hours). If flying in at night you might be waiting a while at the airport.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Iwilder
<Content>Best Western Airport Executel is the Best! We stayed one night at this motel at the conclusion of our cruise. It far exceeded our expectations. The rooms were clean and comfortable. The free breakfast was very good, in fact the best self service breakfast buffett I've ever had at a motel. The transportation to the airport was wonderful, prompt, professional and not intimidated by our 20+ bags plus walker and wheelchair.!I highly recommend this motel as very good value.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mchar74
<Content>Good overall experience We stayed here one night before boarding onto our cruise. The room was very clean and spacious. It's very convenient since there is a courtesy shuttle from Sea-Tac airport to the hotel, and they were there within five minutes. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who needs a room near the Sea-Tac area. It's a very reasonably priced room.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>urkidn
<Content>A living nightmare! I will start off by saying that we booked this property direct with the hotel months in advance and that my husband is a diamond member of the Best Western loyalty program. That means nothing with this property. We knew we would be arriving late and called ahead to let them know. We were assured that our room was guaranteed. When we arrived close to midnight, we were told that all they had left were king rooms. We were traveling with our 10 yr old and had booked 2 queens. No cots were available either. Sorry but this is not acceptable. The guy on the front desk kept punching away into the computer and finally told me he found us a room with two beds on the 1st floor. Reception is on the second floor. He gave us instructions on how to get there. We had a lot of luggage that we didn't want to leave in the car so my son and I dragged 3 huge bags (no luggage racks available either) down the long corridor to the elevator and went down to the first floor only to discover that no such room exists. We drag all the luggage back up to reception. The guy then proceeds to ask Otis the hotel security guy who looked like he had been inherited with the building to show us to our room. Otis is less than pleased and after repeated requests by the front desk guy to show us, he reluctantly heads off. Otis doesn't bother helping with the luggage. Guess what? Our room can't be accessed by the elevator so now we have to go down TWO long hallways and two flights of stairs to a dungeon of a basement where lo and behold our room is. I open the door, and am shocked to see ONE bed that appears to be no bigger than a double. So three people are expected to sleep in a double? Now we have to head back up the stairs, and the two corridors with Otis muttering all the way don't know why they would send you folks down here in the first place. I still remember the look of shock on my husband's face when I get back to reception, throw the key at the guy and scream at him to get us a room. I trudge upstairs to the internet hoping I can find something in the vacinity but it's now after midnight and it is impossible. We are all tired after a long drive so we finally end up all 3 of us sleeping in a king bed like a big H. Me on one side, my husband on the other with a squirmy 10 year old sleeping crossways between us. Very restful. The morning is no better. We booked a 6:15 shuttle to the airport the next morning and start bringing our luggage down at around 6 (still no luggage rack) only to see masses of people waiting. For whatever reason, the shuttes are overbooked and people are getting pretty hostile waiting. We are waiting for at half hour and NO shuttle appears in that time frame. One finally shows up and my husband is outside piling our luggage inside the van as the driver argues with the angry people needing rides. They are told that taxis will be arriving shortly and fortunately one does pull up alongside or I'm sure it would have been a mob scene. A lady on the shuttle told us that she asked inside what time it would be there as it was now 6:40 and she was supposed to be on the 6:00 and was told I'm sorry but the 6:30 is fully booked! Extremely disorganized hotel that we will never ever ever ever recommend. If you have more than 2 in your room and are checking in late, you are really taking your chances on this place. Last time, we stayed at the Sleep Inn down the street and that is where we will head next time too.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gretz
<Content>Quick (Painful) Stay over for a morning flight We booked this hotel through Expedia, we just needed it for the night as we had a morning flight out of Sea Tac Airport. The man at the front desk was not very helpful and was kind of rude to us as we booked through Expedia (he kept using that as an excuse to us). First, we paid extra through Expedia for a Non-Smoking Room but he indicated to us that the request didn't come through so we were in a smoking room and he blamed Expedia for it. This was not very good as we were travelling with two small children. After about 15 minutes of him phoning back and forth he got us in to a non-smoking room. Then they didn't have a crib for our baby (even though it was booked that way through Expedia and he had the confirmation in front of him) as he said they don't read the special requests that come through Expedia. Our baby who had never slept in a bed before had to sleep in a bed with my wife, we pushed it up against the wall but it was a tough sleep for all because he kept trying to crawl away instead of being in a crib which he is familiar with.For parking, we were supposed to be able to leave the vehicle for our trip but they indicated to us they got in trouble with the City and were not able to park our car for us. We had to find other parking at one of the many car parks near the airport which worked out pretty good and I'm sure alot safer. Still another negative against the reliability of this hotel.Besides the above, the rooms were smaller then expected but decent for just the one night stay. My son really wanted to go swimming but the pool area was extremely cold so we were just in for a few minutes. On a positive note, the breakfast exceeded our expectations.Because of the service we received we will not be back to this hotel and will give another of the many hotels closer to the airport a chance.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>MaineSherpa
<Content>Great Place for an overnight - good price We stayed at the Best Western Airport Executel after flying in late from the east coast with our 6-yr old twins. The shuttle was as quick same as any other hotel - all seem to take about 10-15min. Also, I don't understand the previous post - the hotel was in the same area as all the others - took about 5minutes from the airport. The hotel is nothing special, but it is clean and pleasant - the rooms are nice, quiet. comfortable beds. There's free wireless, an indoor pool for the kids, a decent breakfast - all for $80-$90. That's a deal. I give it 5 stars because of the value.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>cosette13
<Content>Not the best, but far from the worst.... This was not the best hotel I have ever stayed at, but also far from the worst.I booked this on a 21 day advance purchase rate on the best western site. I believe it was about $77/nt with taxes in, and in the SEA airport area, this is a great deal for something that is not a fleabag scary motel (and there are plenty of those around!).We called for pick up at the airport and the van arrived within 5 minutes. I guess their real van was in the shop, and they were using a large rental 10 passenger van. We were picked up first with another older couple, then the driver went to the next island and picked up what was to be 4 more people, but when he got there, there were 9 more. He decided it was ok to pack EVERYONE into this van to avoid making another trip and making people wait. We were 13 people CRAMMED into this van, with kids on laps and it was not a comfortable ride at all. I couldn't believe the last family actually allowed themselves to be crammed in and not just wait, or ask for cab fare to be covered. By the time the driver reloaded and crammed in luggage to be sure everyone fit, it was about 10 minutes later. We could have been at the hotel and him on his way back. Just crazy!It is about a 5-7 min drive to the airport. Then we all had to get out and some were checking in, and some were having to get back in the van to be driven down to the back parking lot to their cars. He had to unload all the luggage, then reload it all - another 10 minutes wasted. He was a super friendly guy, but this was not safe at all, and not smart thinking at all.When we arrived to check in, there was a line of 3 people, then all the people from the van, and we ended up last in line. It took 25 minutes before we were at the front of the line. One person working the counter and she was slooooooooow. Then she had trouble with my reservation and her computer went down at the same time. I had to wait for her to re-boot. I had a pre-paid reservation with confirmation printed out, and she insisted on phoning BW head office to confirm it was pre-paid,etc..... I pre-paid for 2 reasons - one, it saved me about $10 and two, for a fast and easy check in after a day of traveling.45 full minutes after we arrived, we finally were given a room.Basic hotel/motel room. It actually reminded me more of a side of the road motel room and I felt like our car should be outside the door. But, it was clean and the beds fairly comfortable. Free internet and tons of tv channels.There was an indoor pool which we did not use, but it looked quite nice.The breakfast started at 5am, but we needed to catch the 4:30am shuttle to catch another flight, and they gave us orange juice (was pretty gross) and packaged muffins to take with us.I always choose a hotel with room service for an airport hotel, and this one stated they had room service on the website, yet there was NO room service available. 2 very important things to me in an airport hotel are room service and a shuttle. We ordered pizza, but didn't really want pizza, but seemed the only choice in the area.The lobby looks very 60s and the hotel is quite dated.We also had pre-paid a night here on our way back, so I had no choice but to stay here again. This time the real shuttle was in service and we were the only ones on it. The cafe was still open when we arrived and we got food to take to the room with us. Check in was a bit more speedy, because I reminded her that 'last time' it took way too long and needed to get to my room, as I had just been on a plane for 10 hrs and was tired.The room we got this time was much nicer and definately a step or 2 above the first room. Nicer bedding, furnishings,etc....I was definately in the budget room before and lucked out with a nicer room the 2nd time.Breakfast was very good in the morning with waffles, as well as all other typical buffet items.I can't really say anything 'great' about this place, but also can't say anything really 'bad'. Would I stay here again? Maybe - if the price is right, but will definately look around before booking this one again.If you are looking for a clean place to rest your head, and don't need 5 star accomodations, this will work for you. Its not the lowest end motel on the strip, but not the Hilton either. The staff were very friendly, and that was a nice touch.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	2	3	3	

<Author>Akoperagirl
<Content>Nice hotel too far for airport I needed to overnight in Seattle and chose this hotel based on the fact it was Best Western (I was staying at a Best Western for the rest of the trip, so I just made all the reservations at once) and the price was right (I didn鈥檛 want to spend an arm and a leg.) This hotel was more than adequate for what I wanted and paid. The airport shuttle came promptly, the check-in was quick and easy, the room was clean and comfortable. We had dinner in the restaurant and the food was nothing exceptional, but was good, as was the service. The breakfast the next morning was very good 鈥?great coffee and a good variety of choices. The check in staff were very professional and friendly. The lobby was beautifully decorated for the holiday season.My only complaint was that it seemed a bit far away from the airport. Maybe I was just tired, but it seemed like the shuttle kept going and going and going鈥?.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>akbunti
<Content>Another Great Visit We needed to overnight in Seattle for 2 days enroute to a Mexican cruise, traveling from Alaska. We booked a 2-queen room at the Airport Best Western Executel, and as soon as we picked up our bags at baggage check, (5 large...plus a large stuffed penguin) I called and the hotel van came to whisk us to our hotel. So nice to have the friendly van driver take charge of our bags at the end of a day of traveling.Although it is not a brand new place, I like this hotel. It is clean, friendly, quiet鈥ireless access, plus the van will take you anywhere within a couple of miles. The exercise room, indoor pool, sauna and Jacuzzi are always wonderful and almost always empty. We had the whole area to ourself for an evening swim, sauna and spa tub visit. Lots of towels, and it was spotless.And now, since they have just completed a remodel, it has a attractive, restful almost Asian d茅cor, minimalist but lovely. Plus they serve a terrific deluxe continental breakfast, with that Seattle tradition- delicious coffee. Not the Ritz, but a nice place to stay. I always check it for availability. I have several favorites in the airport area. This is probably number one. For less than $90 including all taxes. (about 11% in Seattle I think)The van driver took us to a local restaurant( his recommendation, terrific!) , and then came when we called and picked us up.When we entered the lobby, if they were not helping a guest, we were greeted by name, each time. (Even though the hotel was completely full.) We were offered a wake-up call, even though there is an alarm clock in the room. Wireless reception was good in the room, and we heard very little outside noise.The price is very reasonable, and there are many amenities usually found at a much higher end property. I highly recommend this place. However, be sure to get reservations, as it has been discovered. When we returned to Seattle 3 weeks later we needed to get a room because of flight delay, and guess what...it was full. On a Sunday afternoon.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>AneeAnee
<Content>Safe and Comfortable This was my second stay in Seattle in a month and I have to say I was very nervous. I had stayed at another hotel in the area on Sept 1 and 2 and had a bad experience so you can understand my concerns when booking a different hotel on my return.I was travelling alone and my plane was to arrive @ 10 pm . I found my way to the curb area and awaited my shuttle after phoning them. They arrived promptly( I did get the vans mixed up for the other Best Western in the area ) . The young men who picked me up were helpful and considerate. They loaded my luggage, opened the door for me and were chatting all the way to the hotel. Upon arrival, the one young man delivered my suitcases to my room. I had not eaten dinner and the cafe was closed but the young lady on the counter went and found me juice ,a muffin and an apple to get me by. There was tea and coffee in the room so I was all set. I was told to call the front desk in the morning when I was ready to leave and someone would come and move my luggage and that is exactly what happened . I was so grateful as I had a heavy load and was very tired. I had a lovely breakfast, much more than I would consider a continental meal..I was then shuttled back to the airport where I was scheduled to get a bus to Canada. The man who drove me parked his van and ran to get me a cart as I had a long walk . I really appreciated that as I don't know how I would have managed on my own. I have to say I would recommend this hotel to anyone and I am sure if a person was to stay longer it could be a great experience. The place is spotless, the food is awesome and the staff are very customer oriented. It was an enjoyable easy time. Thankyou, [--]  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>indymom810
<Content>Great value in Seattle We needed somewhere to stay for a day or two after our cruise, but didn't want to spend $150 a night. Found this hotel for about 90 bucks a night, and it was a good value. Very clean, the guys who drove the shuttle were prompt (look for the van to say Executel though, not Best Western), and they took us to a couple of places not on the usual route whilst we tracked down a rental car.Front desk staff was professional and friendly. We didn't try the pool, but the spa was spacious and well heated, and big enough for several people. The room was clean, and no problems other than a toilet that needed a jiggle of the handle once in a while.They have signage saying that they are undergoing renovations, but don't let this scare you off -- it seems to mostly be external, and never was obvious to us unless you looked in those areas where the siding was being done. There is work going on in the dressing areas of the pool though, as there is no sink in the restroom there. It would be nice to have a drinking fountain down there.Shuttles run to and from the airport promptly on the half hour, and when we left at 4:00am, they even had a banana, muffin and juice for the road. Restaurant staff was friendly, as well as timely. TRY THE CHEESECAKE! It's probably the best I've ever had -- and who'd have thought?The business center has three computers, a printer, and some miscellaneous things like paper and pens. It's in a locked room, and has a quick connection to the net, though it's a bit crampy in there if someone is yacking on their phone.If you are a tourist just keep in mind, it's about 20 minutes from Pike Place and downtown, so plan to either be very brave and get a rental car (awful traffic) or take the bus across the street. There are also some commercial tour places that will pick you up for Seattle tours, but we didn't try that at all.All in all, a nice value, and we'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TariTari
<Content>Okay for Park and Fly We chose Best Western for their park and fly room package. The property is currently under renovation, so given the fact that some of the halls were lined with cardboard, etc., our stay here was okay - not bad, not tremendously fabulous. Helpful hint - to get to the pool, you go through the work-out room. I'm not sure if, due to renovations, some directional signs were down that would normally explain how to get to the pool, but it was extremely confusing. Many guests were confused, not just us. While we were at the pool (for a half an hour or so), two different groups of guests knocked on the outside windows asking how to get in... Shuttle to airport at 4am went smooth, although we got the last four seats on the shuttle, and I would have been upset if we would have been told at check in that the shuttle was full, after confirming twice by phone that the shuttle would be available at that time in the morning. We left too early to partake of the continental breakfast.Upon our return, the shuttle took about 25 minutes to pick us up. I guess that is okay, although it is hard to stand at the pick up zone late on a Sunday and watch many other hotel's vans come and go, come and go and we were still waiting... The driver was extremely friendly and efficient once he arrived, though.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mnhubby
<Content>need to stay a night near the airport? this is it. We stayed here for one night. We found the rooms to be spacious. No bathtub basin, only a shower stall in the room we were in. The pool is indoor, but it's small. The hot tub is lukewarm at best. There are three (3) computers set up for internet access, which is very convenient. Compared with other free continental breakfasts provided by other Best Western hotels, in my opinion, this breakfast was above average. This hotel would meet your needs if your staying one night and then off the night morning, and you'd like to be near the airport. Location is absolutely NOT within walking distance to any of the Seattle attractions. Overall, this place fit our needs and was adaquate.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	2	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Milanlan
<Content>Hotel was fine - could be better We really enjoyed the breakfast buffet and the pool was very nice, especially for our children. Other than that things were pretty average with a few minor annoyances. The water in the shower was very temperamental - hot, cold, hot, cold. We booked a non-smoking room and they gave us a smoking room. They were also undergoing some fixing up around the hotel but it didn't really bother us. However, there was a constant clicking sound over the bathroom ceiling all night. We never discovered what it was, but had to have the air conditioner on all night to cover up the noise. I would recommend this hotel to people who are not very picky and want a nice breakfast.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>BritBorn
<Content>Very acceptable night before flight We had a less than 12 hour stay before leaving for our early morning flight, but I found the stay perfectly acceptable. The hotel seems to be doing some major renovations to rooms right now. The staff was nice and friendly but forgot to tell us about the lounge where I would have loved to get a glass of red wine after checking in Sunday night. When I saw it Monday morning the woman at the front desk apologized that the evening staff had not informed us. Our room was nice and large and seemed clean except it appeared the person cleaning missed an area of the bathroom counter. Everything is in one room for the bathroom rather than a sink outside the room with shower/toilet. The counter is very long, though, so lots of room there. We did hear airplane noise but we travel with a Brookstone travel alarm clock/sound machine so we are able to drown out hotel noise in general. I had to grab some breakfast to go so didn't get to try much. I did like the warm hard-boiled eggs, unlike some other reviewers and of course the yogurt was just fine. One thing that surprised me was that the coffee wasn't that great which is surprising in the state of Washington. The coffee is Boyds from Portland.....maybe this BW should switch to a local Seattle coffee. The breakfast area did appear very nice and clean so maybe there have been changes since a previous review. The internet worked just fine in our room for my husband and he was even able to go to the business center and print out our boarding passes ~ that was a nice plus. There was a stuffed chair and ottoman in our room, but you couldn't watch the TV from it -- you could only watch the tv from the bed. Actually with the layout you can have someone at the desk on the computer, another person in the big chair reading and another on the bed watching TV, so guess it's ok. Lots of channels on the cable TV but no HBO or Cinemax if that's what you want. They have Starz. This BW wasn't the closest place to the airport but was just fine. A few minutes down International Blvd and you are at SEA-TAC. I would definitely stay here again if I needed a place close to the airport. The price was much better than others of the same quality.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Kennypo
<Content>Decent Place at a decent price We stayed here for three nights. I was a little skeptical based on the reviews. Normally when you find a cheap hotel, it ends up being a dump. However, the Best Western Executel is a very decent hotel for the price, considering the inflated prices of the other hotels along this stretch of area by the airport. It was older and outdated, but it was clean, comfortable and cheap. It had all the basic amenities that you would want such as pool, hot tub, wireless internet, and even a business office with two computers you can use. The breakfast was not much to talk about but it will fill the void. The staff was friendly, especially the shuttle driver who went above andbeyond thecall to make sure the stay was enjoyable. Why spend much more at one of the other local hotels when this place will suit you fine. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>AKfun
<Content>Acceptable for the money We stayed four days in March and the rate was reasonable. Welcoming staff was friendly but there were other issues that will make me probably stay some where else. We had a hard time getting clean linens. It seemed they did not have enough to go around. I had to request wash cloths one night and finally at 9pm gave up getting any. Another day they were again not delievered till late afternoon. The shower would have a wide range of temperature sometimes freezing you and then get so hot you could not get in the water. Breakfast was great if you only wanted toast and orange juice. Other than that, go out. Internet was free so I should not complain that it frequently disconnected. This would not be my first choice in the future.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lucydodd
<Content>Staff nice, but.... We stayed here as it was the only Seattle airport hotel that was available through airmiles. We wouldn't do it again. The staff were pleasant, I'll give you that. The shuttle driver for the airport transfer was very polite and friendly. The rooms are standard Best Western, depressing and showing wear and tear. What really got us was the breakfast area. The carpets are filthy and there were 2 buckets placed out in the middle of the floor to catch the water from roof leaks. The floor around the buffet area was sticky, and the food selection (hard boiled eggs kept warm in a crock pot, cold biscuits with a nasty congealed white sauce with some kind of chopped up meat to pour over them- I could go on, but you may want to eat again sometime soon) There is an IHOP close by and that would be the best bet if you need to eat there. All in all, we really couldn't recommend this place and we won't stay there again, even just on as a stop over spot.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	4	4	2	

<Author>JohnsonFamily
<Content>Good Hotel, but...... We stayed at the Best Western for one night on November 28th with another family of four. The hotel room was very adequate and the staff treated us quite well. Our kids really enjoyed the pool and hottub. At night we stopped into the lounge for a beer and there was only one server working the lounge and restaurant. She was run off her feet but did really well! In the morning the complimentary breakfast was excellent. A great selection! The shuttle to the airport was very efficient.The only problem came on our return from our flight.... When we came to pickup our car we noticed that it had been broken into. It looked like someone took a crowbar to the drivers side door. Luckily nothing was stolen out of it.....So beware if you are doing a park n fly at this hotel. Leave nothing in your car!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>akhmc
<Content>Convenient for the airport We stayed at this hotel on two occasions in September / October 2006, on the first and last nights of our touring holiday. The hotel was extremely convenient for Sea-Tac. On both occasions we were given a clean, large room. The bathrooms were perhaps slightly worn but perfectly acceptable. Personally I didn't like the fact that the shampoo, lotion and other toiletries were in a dispenser in the shower rather than individual bottles but that's a minor point. Check-in was efficient and there was free wireless internet in the room. The complimentary breakfast was very good with a nice selection. The breakfast room was also clean and pleasant. For our first stay we had a room at the rear of the hotel and it was very quiet with nothing to disturb us. For our second stay our room was at the front of the hotel and was also next to the ice and vending machines. It was extremely noisy and we found it very difficult to sleep, seemingly being woken every 30 minutes or so by some noise or another. Make sure to ask for a room at the back! We would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>hammerheads
<Content>Don't do it We had stayed here before and didn't have the problem until this stay. It is a decently clean hotel and reasonable rate, but when we got back to the hotel our truck had been broken into and several things stolen. Damage was done to the door when the broke the lock to get in. We were a couple of miles down the road when we realized things were missing and called the hotel to get the police phone number, the woman at the desk just said 'dial 911 ask for non emergency' and then just hung up. When we filed our police report I asked if there had been others in the week we were parked there and they said just one, a car jacking.If you don't have an old beater car to park at these hotels when flying then you are better off getting someone to drive you or taking an airport shuttle. Maybe one of the fenced and guarded parking area are better.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	2	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>BRR0407
<Content>Very Good Value Booked through Hotwire and paid $60/night, including all taxes and fees, for a large room with two queen beds and wi-fi. I did call and confirm directly with the motel, after booking, that our room was non-smoking and had two beds, rather than hope they got the Hotwire order correct. Plenty of parking. Desk clerk was very helpful at check-in. Room was clean but spartan, beds were comfortable but not exceptional. Plenty of hot water. Pool was very clean and inviting but we did not swim. Breakfast was plentiful (hard-boiled eggs, juice, milk, coffee, fruit, biscuits, pasteries, yogurt) but again, not exceptional. Overall, an excellent value for the area.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>MrMichaelBurgio
<Content>The Best Hotel in Seatac The Best Western Airport Executel was a pleasure to stay at. Me and my Husband booked into the hotel for just one night from Vancouver, Canada and we were very pleased with this hotel. We checked in 3 hours early and they were very friendly and accomodating. They let us check in early with no hassles. The whole hotel including our room had the scent of potpourri. Everything was very clean, very soft bed, very very comfy pillows. We asked for an extra and the maid brought it right up. Not really fancy decorating but very nice and clean. There is a pool, hot tub, sauna and gym. The pool was a little bit too warm for my taste but if you like warm water then your in luck. The gym consists of 3 machine's so not much variety there. Continental breakfast was great and plenty of is. Asked for a late check out and got it with no problem and no extra charges, peaked into security room and there were three guards watching several camera's, felt very safe. Great Wi-Fi connection, very quick service to my older computer. Would defintely stay here again and it was a great price.Thank You!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BooHoward
<Content>Smells like smoke, no hot water, unclean rooms. Plain DISGUSTING! My husband, son and I (plus 6 other family members) shared joint rooms at this hotel for the night of 9/2/06. What a mess! They were kind enough to give us joint rooms though we had booked with hotels.com but that was it. The rooms were DISGUSTING with hair (not ours) in the cleaned bathrooms, grungy floors (I wore flip-flops at ALL times), the ENTIRE hotel smelled like SMOKE and there NO HOT WATER to shower with. Boy, that'll wake you up in the a.m.! If you have a plane to catch that's NOT the way to start your day. We weren't there to have convenience of the airport access though... At one point my nephew threw a toy and it landed under the bed - have you heard the phrase Be afraid, be VERY afraid. Never look under their beds if you want to sleep that night. There was food, jewelry, papers, etc. It was flat scary! Never again in all my days!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Happyscamper
<Content>easy car rental return at airport....oversized room....Hot buffet brkfast We had an early flight and needed to return our rental car. Hotel is less than 10 minutes away with easy access. Continental breakfast consisited of hot hard boiled eggs,hot biscuits with gravy, plus pastries,fruits,cereals,etc. Our room was oversized 2 queens plus twin cot w/ room to spread out. Front desk-excellent service. Everything was clean....great for families. Close to airport in a safe area.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SenseIntoDollars
<Content>My first stay here Earlier in the year I decided to take a trip to the Canadian Rockies, and tried without success to get award tickets to Vancouver or Calgary, but I could get a free flight to Seattle.So I decided to fly to Seattle, take Amtrak to Vancouver, rent a car and enjoy western Canada. My flight got me to Seattle where I had booked a room through Hotwire at this hotel for $32, which was $25 less than the local Motel 6. So I was apprehensive.I arrived before the 2 p.m. check-in, dropped off my luggage, and walked north to eat lunch at the corner IHOP. I got back, still before 2, and was checked in to a room on the top floor. It was a little small, but very clean, quiet, and comfortable. In the morning I had a very good free breakfast, checked out, and caught the bus to the downtown train station.A Westin it is not, but for the price, including breakfast, it made me rethink the gripes I read on this site before leaving on my trip.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	2	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>gordon fan
<Content>Not a bad hotel I stayed here with my boyfriend and his family one night before our early flight back to Connecticut the next morning. We took a taxi from the Pier (Alaskan Cruise) to this hotel and we were there very early: 10:30am. Obvisously, no rooms were available but they were more than happy to store our luggage and let us use the phone to rent a car to drive back to downtown Seattle. Later on, when we got back to the hotel (7:30) there was a little problem with our rooms (which we had already spoke to someone earlier). Needless to say, they gave us an extra room for free because I think they gave one of our rooms away. So, they were very nice about it. The man shuttling people back and forth to the airport was so nice and had a great personality, really funny! There seemed like a lot of places to eat along that strip, it might be tough to cross the street though, we chose the IHOP up the street. The rooms were huge and there were a lot of channels on the TV. The only thing I would suggest is that you to make sure is that you sign up for the shuttle, especially if you have an early flight because the seats fill up fast. In fact, the shuttle time we wanted to take was already filled but the front desk was nice enough to call another hotel and get us one for 6:30 in the morning. Breakfast is free but nothing that great was there. All in all a pretty good hotel!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SASNY
<Content>Dingy and Depressing I never expect luxury accommodations at airport motels, but this place was the pits! As soon as we drove up to the place, we knew it was a mistake. The halls were dark and musty. The rooms were sorely in need of updating and also had a musty odor. The mattress was old and uncomfortable, too. The high speed internet access in the room didn't work, and the staff was no help in resolving the issue. If you have any alternatives, stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Was Fine My granddaughter and I stayed here last night. We had a rental car so we didn't use the shuttle. She used the pool and yes it had a lot of chlorine in it - most motel pools do. The breakfast was adequate. For a two star the motel was a pleasant surprise. I used an award night. I did not find any graffiti, bad odor or any of the other complaints. It is a strange layout but coming off a cruise ship it was easy enough to figure out. I would stay here again. The fitness room has 3 pieces of equipment. Our room was clean and fresh smelling.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>yvr1
<Content>Good value I stay at the BW Executel numerous times thoughout the year. I have just returned from my last visit. I find the hotel to be clean, yes there is the faint oder of smoke in the hallways from the smoking rooms, but I always have a non smoking room and it is fine. The hotel is laid out in a T pattern and yes just like any large hotel there is some walking to the rooms, there is an elevator that services the floors.The room is large, clean and comfortable. The staff friendly and helpful. There is a business center with free internet 24 hrs. The shuttle sometimes runs late, especially in the morning so book one that is a little earlier than you need. There is a continental breakfast which is ok, nothing great to it, there is a Ihop about a 10 minute walk away from the hotel. Also if you need a grocery store, a large Safeway is located about one half mile south of the hotel. There is a local bus stop across from the hotel, service is every 30 minutes, the bus will take you to the airport, Seattle, or south to Federal Way, I use the service all the time. I would recommend this hotel for value, and cleanliness.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Western Should Be Ashamed This hotel was not nearly up to Best Western standards !! The halls smelled strongly of smoke and other things I could not make out...The carpets were badly stained and hall lighting was very poor ...One elevator for the whole hotel ....The room was clean but getting there was the real problem ...Would not stay here again......  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>was pleasently surprised Needed a hotel park n fly for 5 days while going to Disneyland. Awesome hotel good park n fly program shuttle service back and forth to airport was reliable and fast! Would use this hotel again !!!  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay only if your can't find anything else We stayed at this hotel on the 29 Apr 2006 before leaving on a flight to Ft Lauderdale, to catch a cruise. I expected that the motel would be of the regular class of motel that Best Western is known for, what a suprise. The reception desk is the newest thing in the place but don't be fooled. Once you get your card for the door you will notice a musty foul smell of damp stale smoke as you head to your room along the most disgusting low lit, dirty carpeted and scraped hallway I have seen in years. The elevator smells of stale smoke and is marked with graffiti. Once off the elevator you get to your room to find it is clean but has all the class of dorm room. Would I recommend this motel, no, even at $59.00 you are paying too much.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jriviera77
<Content>Our Second Visit   showReview(5012796, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>kengaroo
<Content>You couldn't pay me to stay here again   showReview(4976929, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>ncwmallard
<Content>Very Average Digs   showReview(4245038, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thrifty
<Content>A pleasant surprise   showReview(3943568, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>UK_Traveller3000
<Content>Convenient hotel, nice and reasonably clean   showReview(3635922, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Airboy
<Content>Value for money   showReview(3399476, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a good deal   showReview(3316334, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dmills1956
<Content>There are better places   showReview(2790447, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sarah123
<Content>Lost in space!   showReview(2616531, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>airlinestuff
<Content>There are Better Options near SEA-TAC.   showReview(2498548, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien   showReview(11374632, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

