<Author>-P25-
<Content>Great Pool 5 stars standard, Beautiful hotel outside and inside, located next to the LaneCrawford shopping mall. The staff were friendly and professional. Tried their prize winning Italian restaurant and the lobby tea cafe, both were great.The bed are soft and comfortable, one of the best compare to other 5 stars hotel. Bathroom is huge and have a small TV installed. The only issue was water easily split out of the shower room, most of the time the floor are halfway wet.My friend recevied a hand written birthday card and a presnet suprisingly on his bday, we were not expecting that and that was very touching.The pool was fantastic and wonderful. Indoor, warm water, even had a overhead projected screen. However there was no life guard so someone may think that was not that safe. Towels were ready for you but be reminded about feet pool at the entrance, I accidentally step into the pool with the wool slippers and they were soaked with water for whole night!Ordered the in room breakfast but not as great as the one in Westin Financial Street. The room service food were good though, we had a burger, pizza and fruit plate and drinks.High-speed wireless internet everywhere in the hotel. Free one direction private car ride to Winland Center in the morning. 10 mins walk distance if you walk back.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OldSeasonedTraveler
<Content>Nice for Beijing but Hotel did not escape effects of Pollution A lovely beautiful hotel for Beijing. However, pockets of air pollution could not escape being entrapped within the hotel. The polluted outdoor air somehow hovered within the downstairs pool area, making the pool not desirable. Air pollution pockets also were evident within the hallway areas to the rooms. The room itself was a lovely haven from the ravages of the outdoor air. The staff were exceptional and the food on the club floor lovely and interesting. If you must go to Beijing, this is a nice hotel to stay at unless you can find one where the surrounding air is better.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bloomnormal
<Content>Great place to stay, excellent service       View from the room  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dr_Ruth
<Content>Fantastic stay at the Ritz Carlton       The Italian restaurant  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Janda05
<Content>Wow, luxurious It's a great luxury hotel ... but the downstairs pool area is out of control. They even give you a tour when you go down there. We couldn't believe how many luxury rooms were down there ... it seemed endless. Breakfast was OK, not worth the money. The rooms were lovely, with lots of nice stuff ... the slippers were very comfortable. The hotel isn't in the heart of much ... the financial district is a new area, about a mile and a half away from Tianenman Square. But, there is a nice shopping mall and plenty of Western eateries within walking distance. So, for comfort, it's great, for tourism -- take a cab.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RAZEONE
<Content>Great hotel Stayed here for two night on my first trip to Beijing in May 2008. The hotel is brand new and the rooms are spectacular.I stayed on the club floor and enjoyed a few of the five presentations they have daily.If you can book through AMEX in order to get the fine hotel and resort program amenities. The indoor pool is nice and the spa looked great but didn't have time to get a massage.For business this place is a must. For site seeing it is a bit out of the way and in Beijing that can be problematic given the traffic. But for those who like up to date hotels with modern decors it is worth fighting the traffic to stay here.The one downside is that the food is not very good. Breakfast was included in my room but I would not suggest paying for it. Lunch in the main restaurant was not very good. The italian restaurant was just ok. Try to have all your meals outside the hotel if possible. Having the mall attached to the hotel is nice. The Lane Crawford there is unreal.I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Sharon16
<Content>Probably the best in BJ I have just returned from a short stay at the Ritz on F.S.The hotel is great. The room is specious and well furnished the bath room is wide and offer great quality amenities.The service is great from reception to room service and house keeping. It is ideal for those who have to spend their time in this part of the city. Otherwise, for the tourists it quite far from most of city's attraction (I would recommend to consider the Peninsula which is nice as well and better located).  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lex2
<Content>Complete luxury in the heart of a busy city We visited Beijing for the first time and wanted to make sure we had good accomodations for our first trip to China. They had a great rate since the hotel was relatively new. We arranged to have a driver from the hotel pick us up at the airport so we would not have to deal with taxis (expensive but worth it). Upon arrival we upgraded to the club room which was a great decision. We came back from sightseeing to a relaxing atmosphere, a few snacks and refreshments. The ladies in the lounge were fantastic, writing the boys names for them in Chinese on red paper. They greated us every morning and evening as we came in.The rooms we excellent and the service was unbelievable. We stayed for 3 days then travelled to Guilin and and Xian. We left luggage at the Ritz and stayed there two nights on our return before we left China.The location was fine and we could get everywhere with a short taxi ride (taxi drivers are very nice). Very safe city and the people were also very friendly. The hotel restaurants were excellent as well.I would recommend this hotel 100% if you want a truly luxurious stay in Beijing. It really made the trip wonderful and they treated the boys great!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>uvagrad
<Content>Fantastic stay at the Ritz! We stayed at the Ritz from March 1-March 8, 2008 for a family vacation with our two teenagers. I can't say enough good things about it and the staff there! The Ritz chain is our preference both in the US and abroad, and we've come to expect high standards from the hotels, but this one exceeded expectations. The property was very nice- we just had a standard room on the club level but it was quite large and beautifully appointed in what i'd call a modern Asian style. The staff were some of the nicest and most accomodating i've ever had the pleasure to meet, both in the club lounge and in all of the other areas of the hotel. They truly personalized the service there, which was pretty amazing considering the size of the hotel and the fact that it was quite busy with several business meetings while we were there. Great concierge staff- couldn't have been more helpful! The pool/spa area was calm and serene, really nice after a long day out battling the traffic in Beijing! The movie screen running old movies at the pool added an interesting touch! Everyone that we had contact with spoke English very well and all were so helpful to us. Our preferences in beverages, etc. were all remembered from the very first day- a small touch, but most appreciated! All in all, we had a wonderful experience there and I would highly recommend the Ritz Financial Street to both business and leisure travelers.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>City&beach
<Content>Probably the best hotel in Beijing My wife and I recently stayed in Beijing for a week. During this period we tried Ritz Carlton, Peninsula and Grand Hyatt, and in comparison the RC was by far the best hotel. The hotel has only been opened for one year so the rooms, fitness center, restaurants, club lounge etc are all very modern and well maintained. The service is ok (more professional than friendly) but cannot be compared with the service you receive in other asian countries. As the hotel is located in the financial district it has more the atmosphere of being a business hotel than a romantic getaway with your partner.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>ozzy_kul
<Content>Top Hotel One of the best hotels I have stayed in. Very friendly and well organised. The lights in the room took a bit of working out - especially the downlights which take a while to turn on - leaving you pressing the button again and again wondering why it does not work!Next to the hotel is a fashionable (and always empty) shopping centre. The food in the hotel is good without being great, but there are also places nearby (Japanese, Italian, American and of course Chinese).The hotel is located in one of the financial districts of Beijing away from most of the tourist spots - but the distance to Tianamen square is quite walkable.One thing though - there was a smell (like a sewer) in the lobby bar seating area that was quite unpleasant - but a minor point for this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xtremetraveler
<Content>First Class This place is great. This is was my third trip since 1987. The Ritz was hip, comfortable and fun. Don't miss the spa (great work-out room) and the lounge is fun.My standard room was extremely comfortable. A few of my colleagues mentioned they'd like to take a bike ride - the hotel arranged for rental bikes - loads of fun.I can't think of a better place to stay in Beijing.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>joy1
<Content>Great hotel Stayed here for one week October 25-November 1, 2007. We had pre-arranged with the hotel a private car for pickup at the airport. Cost of about $70 which is well worth the money given confusion and hassle once arriving in Beijing Airport. They greet you just as you depart the plane and escort you through customs. We were booked on the Club Floor and upgraded to an executive suite. A Club Floor representative was awaiting our arrival at the front desk and escorted us directly to our room, performing the formal check-in in the room. Rooms are spacious, exquisitely decorated and comfortable and housekeeping is impeccable. Club floor manager, Daniel, provides outstanding service to guests and ensures his staff does so, as well. Food presentation and atmosphere is one of the best in the R/C market. Ritz Carlton is known for outstanding service and this one doesn't disappoint, in fact went way beyond the expectation. I experienced a medical emergency on my first day and had to be taken to the hospital in an ambulance. Everyone from the hotel general manager, Mr. Flint, to the Rooms Manager, Mr. Militzer, were caring and understanding and couldn't do enough for us. They even sent their executive assistant in the ambulance to the hospital with us to ensure proper translation. She spent the entire day with us (Thank you, Lilian). Upon returning to my room from the hospital that evening, a beautiful bouquet of pink tea roses were awaiting me with a kind note from the management. They checked on us daily. How can you ask for more?Location is very convenient to all sight-seeing although plan ahead for time as Beijing traffic is worst than New York City. It could take you 1 hour to travel less than a mile, perhaps longer during rush hour. Smog is a problem in Beijing due to the traffic and volume of cars. Ritz Carlton Financial Street, you are the best!!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lotsofbites
<Content>Loved Ritz Beijing!! Wow! What a great hotel! The lobby was gorgeous and modern. It was nice just sitting in the lobby having a green tea! The restaurant on the second floor was stellar!! Great service and probably the best Chinese meal that I have ever had. Excellent food. The rooms were fantastic: modern-yet-cozy, lots of space, beautiful and large bathroom w/ a small flat screen TV, large flat screen TV in room, etc. The hotel is connected to a great high end shopping mall and there were some western restaurants walking distance. The breakfast was good. The spa was the fanciest and most beautiful spa that I have ever seen in the world! There were jaccuzis with beds in them. The indoor pool was absolutely stellar and zen-like with a giant screen showing movies/films. I had an amazing foot massage at the spa. I was served delicious aromatic tea while the lady washed my feet in water with rose petals, and then I had the best foot massage on the massage table. Amazing hotel!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stoneiam
<Content>One of the Best Ritz Carlton's in the world       Outside  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GrahamCScotland
<Content>Friendly luxury THIS hotel has been open less than a year in newly developing part of the city . It's not exactly in the thick of things but soon will be. Anyway, we loved it. If you've ever stayed in an RC property you'll know what to expect but, for us, the friendly and enthusiastic staff are what made it an excellent base in Beijing. Most of them are new to the hotel business, but they're so determined to get it right that they try especially hard.We sampled all the hotel restaurants and they're excellent. The rooms are lovely, especially the bathrooms - the tubs are really comfy and you can even watch TV while you bathe. You'll probably take a taxi to the major sights but, given the low cost of taxi fares, it's no great hardship. At night, it's not too far from the back lakes area, which is a great place to enjoy a drink or a meal.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wanderdust
<Content>Wow!!!! I just wrote a not so great review of the Ritz in Shanghai. Now, I am going to RAVE about this Ritz. It is NEW, NEW, NEW! So, everything is in wonderful shape. The decor is hip and luxurious. Views are incredible. Pool is amazing, beautiful with incredible lighting and a huge projection screen at one end that plays vingate movies! Service fantastic. I can't say enough about beautiful decor, cleanliness. It is very difficult for taxi's to find, so make sure you have a map of the location in Chinese for them before you get to Beijing, unless the hotel is picking you up. Once you get there, they will give you the card with the map in Chinese and just have that on you when you want to go back to your hotel and you'll be fine. The location is not central, but is convenient to attractions by taxi - maybe 10-15 minutes to Forbidden City by taxi (depending on the traffic, of course). I didn not take the subway because taxi's are so cheap and I was a tourist so traveled at off hours. The subway may be faster, though because the traffic is so terrible.This hotel is one of the Ritz chain that lives up to its name and is worth the price.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bscuga
<Content>Great Stay I stayed at the Ritz-Carlton on Financial Street in Beijing, China on June 3, 2007 - June 9, 2007. The hotel itself was wonderful. I would be remiss if I did not advise everyone that I have never stayed at a Ritz before, so I don't can't compare this hotel to other Ritz-Carlton's. Everyone in the hotel, with the exception of some of the massage specialists, spoke English very well. The hotel allowed money to be exchanged at a rate that is controlled by the Chinese government. Be careful when bringing bills that are bent or worn because it might not be allowed to be exchanged because of the Bank that the Ritz gives the money to. The breakfast were both western and eastern, so there was something for everyone. Be careful when requesting bottled water at breakfast (or any other time) because it is 55 RMB about $7.25. Each day, your room receives two bottles of Chinese water (remember, the Ritz is not in the habit of making there guests sick, so the water is safe and there is not aftertaste) and the spa/workout area has free bottles available at anytime. If you are price sensitive, there is a gas station a couple of blocks down the street that sells cheap Coca-Colas (no Diet Coke or Coca-Cola Lite) that is within walking distance. The same restuarant that serves breakfast also serves lunch and dinner and the prices can be more expensive than what you would get outside the hotel. There is another restuarant which is near the mall entrance (the mall was not open when I was there) that serves upscale Italian (if I recall correctly) and the meal (lobster with pasta) I had there was the best meal I had in two weeks in China. I would like to say that I was not a big fan of the Chinese Chinese food as opposed to the American Chinese food and craved Western food. Outside of the hotel there are several Western restuarants (Pizza Hut, Friday's, KFC) if you are craving something from home.Since the hotel is fairly new, a lot of the taxi drivers do not know where it is located. I never saw Chinese text for Financial Street. The employees are happy to translate for you on the way out, but make sure you bring a business card or map that the Ritz can provide with directions and the location of the hotel. If you go to the Forbidden City from the hotel, you should not pay more than 25 RMB.I had two massages while I stayed at the Ritz and they were both wonderful. The massages are the equivilant of what you would find in the States in terms of prices. The workout room has TVs all over the place. The pool is nothing to write home about and I could not find a jacuzzi.The one downside of the hotel is that there is not much near the hotel so you will need to get a taxi. Taxis are extremely cheap (at the current exchange rate of 7.60:1).I stayed in a regular room with two full size beds. Each room had a desk with internet connection (you have to pay for it) and a nice bathroom. There is free internet connection in the lobby and we found out that you can get the connection in the lobby and bring it to you room (without plugging in) for about 24 hours before needing to go get the connection. If you bring your laptop, make sure you download Skype (or a program like it) for 2.1 cents per minute to the USA. You just speak on your computer's mic (built in or bought) and call a landline or cell phone.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mux41
<Content>A Nice Stay Stayed in an 1200 sq ft executive suite for a week. There are one bed room, 1.5 bath and a huge living room in the suite with 3 seperate zones temp controls. They offer Bvlgari shampoo, bath gel and lotion in the suite. A fully automatic espresso machine with coffee beans and water filled was ready in the room so that we could have espresso coffee all the time. Bed was very comfortable. All curtains are electronically controlled. 42 plasma tvs in both the living room and bed room. a small screen lcd tv in the good size bathroom. We have been to the Qi and the Green Fish restaurants in the hotel. Qi offers Chinese foods and was not impressed. We went to Green Fish for the included buffet and lunch. Breakfast in Green Fish was the same everyday during our stay and it is not very impressive. Service in the Green Fish was soso as there were many occasions that when we came back to the table with a new plate of foods, the previously emptied plate was still on the table while a service person was standing not far away from the table smiling. So I actually prefer to have breakfast at the club lounge simply because the service is much nicer at the lounge although less choices were offered at the lounge. I heard the Cepe italian restaurant was nice, but we didn't have a chance to try that out. The lounge offers breakfast, all kinds of drinks including wine and beer and snacks from 6am to 10:30pm. Service persons were excellent in the lounge. We used the Concierge to reserve outside restaurants for us a couple time and they were very helpful and friendly. The general manager, Mr. Derek Flint, shows great leadership there as he was always around and even filled in the doorman's position to open the front door for us a couple times. We think the service will definitely improve in the near future. Swimming pool is nice sized and the water is warm enough. Changing rooms were well equipped. Exercise room is opened 24 hrs daily. Drawbacks: 1. since financial street is newly developed, there were not much around that area. A new mall right next to the RC will be opened in Aug and this should improve. 2. You almost always need to take a taxi when going out though the taxi is cheap in China. Be aware that most taxi drivers expect hotel guests to go long distance (airport etc). We had a couple times asking them to go to places not far away and felt that they were not happy and complaining. Overall this is a nice hotel. We would definitely come back to this hotel in the future when we visit Beijing again.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>casawaikiki
<Content>One day was enough! It was on American Express Platinum recommended list, so I thought it was safe. But not a good experience. First, the hotel is in the middle of no where. They are still developing the area it looks like. And the entrance looks like someone's large garage. Very strange. The lobby is ok. The front desk looks school like. The room looks great. The bathroom is stunning. The drapes are electronic so I couldn't close them when the sun shined in the room, so after an hour, I just forced the drapes by hand. They didn't break :) Then the electrical outlets on the desk were all broken and falling off. I couldn't find the room service menu. It was hidden in a box next to the desk. It looked like a place to store stationary. I called 2 times and everyone keep saying it was on the desk. Very irritating. Then had lunch at the ONLY restaurant in the hotel. It was empty. Only 2 other tables were occupied. Food was good. Then decided to visit the pool area. A very beautiful pool with wall size tv. Very impressive! Then went to the ajoining room where the weight room was... There was a terrible stink. It was the smell of glue. So strong, it seemed unsafe. I asked the staff and they agreed it was a terrible smell. I guess the has just put in new floor or something...... Immediately decided to call American Express and tell them to get me out of here!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	1	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>vandelaak
<Content>Great stay! We stayed at this Ritz-Carlton property at the end of 2006, the last week of December to be precise. The hotel was and is (brand) new, and truly wonderful. It is very stylish and modern, business like. The room was VERY spacious, the beds are comfortable, the large bathroom has separate bath and shower facilities and there is a little TV which you can watch while you are bathing! I stayed with my wife and little daughter, the staff were extremely helpful and friendly. My daughter got a lovely panda bag, bath toys and Mickey mouse baby night light... and a little Santa Clause doll as well! Courtesy from the Ritz-Carlton. Very nice gesture, one of Ritz-Carlton's signature services! The room has a big wide flat screen tv, which is nice. Breakfast is wonderful with lots of choices. In the main lobby there are local young ladies in traditional dresses playing Chinese instruments. Very relaxing to listen to. We didn't go to the Spa, since we went out exploring Beijing. Location wise the hotel is not in the centre (it will take around 40 minutes from the airport to go to the hotel by taxi, only RMB 90) There are not many restaurant in this area, although the concierge can recommend you one, but you will have to take a taxi. The hotel is located in a financial district, in the immediately area there are no things noteworthly regarding sightseeing. When you look out of the window you will basically see a relaxing business district view. (office buildings and broad roads, some greenery, nice spacious) All major sightseeing locations are within 10 - 20 minutes distances by car. For example the Imperial Palace is only 10 minutes away by car. Make sure you bring along a little namecard of the hotel, in case the driver, which is most likely, doesn't know the hotel. (because it is so new, most of the taxi drivers don't know it yet... and most of them, if not all, don't know any English, but they are friendly though) There is a shopping mall with the MacDonalds nearby and a very nice big supermarket in the basement. Great for buying some snacks. Around 10 minutes walking distance. I really recommend this hotel if you are looking for a stylish retreat. I'm a hotelier myself... so you can trust me. Enjoy.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelDiva99
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, great spa Positively sparkling with newness and eager staff, it is incredible to believe that this hotel exists in Beijing. While there are tiny little design flaws, and they are still training some staff (beware an overeager pedicurist wielding a razor blade on your calluses!), overall this hotel is a dream. The service is swift and friendly, thehotel is spotless, the rooms quite elegant and comfortable, all for arelatively reasonable rate (for a Ritz).  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gt4877c
<Content>Too New The decor of this hotel is very nice. It is a very beautiful hotel, but we encountered quite a few problems and almost all of them related to staff service. For a ritz, it was just unacceptable. We were there for our anniversary and expected a nice stay. At least we were happy when in our room with no staff around.The Italian restaurant was closed because a pipe burst, so we had to eat our anniversary dinner in the coffee shop. There was only one other table taken in the whole restaurant and that table had a LOUD 8 year old kid at it. The seating hostess guides us to the table just next to this table and asked if it was OK. I said no and recommended that she seat us at a table on the other side of the restaurant. The wait staff were no where to be found when we needed them either.We booked a room on the executive floor and the food/beverage presentations were very sub-par for a Ritz-Carlton hotel. The executive floor lounge had a pungent purfume that they were pumping in. I reached behind the sofa and unplugged the pump, but we were still inundated by the smell. Most of the issues we faced were obviously the growing pains of starting a new hotel in China. The staff are still very green and don't know what to do when a guest has a request they weren't trained to handle. I am pretty sure if I were to go back in a year or 2, these problems would be fixed.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>2	3	5	3	4	4	1	4	

<Author>wanderlust73
<Content>Brilliant Hotel! A fantastic hotel - lives up to the Ritz Carlton name. Excellent amenities, fantastic service, rooms are amazingly spacious. No request is too big or impossible for the staff/concierge. We stayed in the club level which had a great lounge with free flowing drinks and some kind of food to nibble on at all hours. Stay here just for the experience.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Johnwing
<Content>Just too great I had my Christmas holiday(23/12/2006-26/12/2006) in Beijing for 4 days and I had chosen this newly opened Ritz Carlton for my stay. I arrived at the hotel at about 21:30 at night. Staff at the front desk had very great smiles. Service was excellent; staff were all very friendly. Check-in time only took 2 minutes. The room was spacious and very cozy. Everything was well-equipped. With DVD player and LCD TV. However the broadband charge was just too expensive it cost RMB$160/hour!Food outlets provide very fine dining but it was costly. Food in the mid-town was much cheap than that.The swimming pool in the hotel was closed for maintance during my stay. I was firstly very diappointed with this. However at the last day of my stay, I went to the Spa and looked whether the maintance of the pool was over, but it was still under process. The receptionist of the Spa saw me and tell me she can arrange that we can swim in the Westin Hotel which was just nearby. It was a surprise. When I changed my clothes at my room, she called me and told me that the hotel's car was prepared. A free private car tranfer was arrange. I didn't expected this. This was very impressed.Also, I'd contacted the concige to book me a taxi for going to the great-wall and it just cost $800. When I step out the hotel, I found they'd booked me a very comfortable private car. This was valuable because it was same price if I booked a Taxi myself.This hotel is just too great. The room is the most spacious one. The service is excellent. Staff with great smiles and very friendly. This is really 6-star hotel in Beijing  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

