<Author>LetsDoLunch
<Content>Amazing service I stayed here for a week on my first trip to Hong Kong and am glad I did! This was without a doubt the best service I've ever experienced in any hotel. The rooms were well appointed and very clean; great location only 5 minutes from the Causeway Bay MRT station and plenty of places to eat (and shop!); free wifi and a simple pleasant breakfast every day topped off the stay. And the service!! On my first day, after a full day trekking around Hong Kong, I returned to the hotel around 5pm and phoned housekeeping to request an ice bucket so I could make myself a drink. Same again on day 2. On day 3, I returned to my room to discover that magically there was already a fresh ice bucket full of ice in the room! As another example: I used the guest laundry a few days into my stay, and rigged up my elastic travel clothesline across the room to dry a few things that couldn't go in the dryer. On returning to my room several hours later, housekeeping had brought in a clothes rail on wheels and hung up all my wet things on hangers. Awesome.The only problem I had with this hotel was that the door to the bathroom was clear glass with an opaque strip, and didn't close all the way. Not very private - my partner and I had to take turns leaving the room so the other could use the toilet! But all the other aspects more than made up for this and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>meatshawarma
<Content>Great Value, Great Location This hotel is clean, atmosphere subdued (in a good way), and above all the staff are very professional without being over-bearing. The suite was very large for HK standards, although the glass bathroom does lack a bit of privacy. Location is of course excellent near Causeway Bay, taxis and trams are not a problem (entrance is on a quiet side street but taxi drivers have no problem finding it). Overall great value for money at this level of service.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>curry69curry
<Content>Interior Design Worthy of Architectural Digest I moved into the Lanson Place in the last minute after an unsatisfying stay from another hotel nearby.First up, the not-so-good of this place. The main reason I stayed here was reading an article from another traveler about this place as a quiet oasis. This is quite misleading because there are many families staying here at this moment. During the breakfast hour, there are screaming kids (ages 10 and below) running around. In fact, there are two roomful of kids and babies (with their nannies) staying in my floor. I can hear them crying, screaming and their constant slamming on the room doors. Who says this is a quiet hotel? I just do not understand how families especially with little kids stay here, since the bathroom amenities may not accomodate babies or small kids. Not to mention the horrible aftermath of running kids bumping onto the sharp edges of the furniture inside the room!Second, the good features about this Lanson Place Hotel. The rooms of this boutique hotel is worthy of an article in the Architectural Digest magazine. After staying at some of the best hotels (Four Seasons, Peninsula Hotels, Grand Hyatts) throughout Asia, I was very impressed with the interior decor, especially the bathroom. The fixtures are very modern and well designed. For example, this is one of the rare occasions I have ever sat on a floating toilet! (If anyone ever cares about that.) Also, the rain bath shower head is rarely offered by hotels in this caliber. I can remember the other rain bath shower is also featured at the Four Seasons Hotel Hong Kong. However, this bathroom offers no privacy at all, EXCEPT when you are sharing the room with your spouse or lovers. This is because its partitions consist of glass walls and a huge glass door. Turning the bathroom light in the middle of the night may also wake your bed mate up as well.I am not going to elaborate any more on the excellent choice of color scheme, flat screen televisions, abundance of closet space, kitchenette amenities etc, these topics were covered by other travelers in this forum. The management and design team of this hotel deserved an award for wisely utilizing the limited amount of living space and resources available to this corner plot of land.After all, I may stay here again, given its great location within walking distance to everything, plus the reasonable room rate, good services and clean rooms.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>EricMToronto
<Content>Wonderful Stay We really loved that hotel. It is well located in Hong Kong, not too big, very casual and provide free internet access in the room and free breakfast. The staff is very nice and very helpful. Only minor thing, they don't have a bed turndown which for a 4 stars hotel is surpirsing  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>Prasket
<Content>Superb Experience My Aunt  I stayed at the Lanson Place Hotel, Hong Kong for 3 nights and had a wonderful time. The rooms were very generous in size and fit out. We booked two rooms together and got a great suite. The bathrooms were the best I have encountered anywhere. The hotel is convienently located on the Hong Kong side with a good variety of shops and restaurants within a 5 minute walk. Metro, ferry to Kowloon, train link to the airport and the business district are all very convienent. What really sets this hotel apart is the people, everyone from the receptionists and the cleaning girls did all they could and made us feel welcome. The concierges were absolutely exceptional giving directions, advising on siteseeing and arranging flights etc. One example was when my aunt left some shopping behind in a restaurant (all she could remember was that it was a French cafe) the concierges tracked down the restaurant and went and picked up her items.Even after we checked out they invited us to use the lounge and other facilities and kept making a fuss of us.What a delight!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kwilk
<Content>an oasis of calm we stayed at lanson place for 6 days and loved it. our room on the 26th floor was like an oasis of calm above the hectic city. amazing view from our room (which was upgraded so we had a small suite), excellent staff, really great breakfast (as free continental breakfasts go). free business center with PCs available for use anytime. nice lounge; really liked the modern decor throughout the hotel. the bathroom, as others have mentioned, is a little strange and lacks privacy - very nice in design concept but somewhat impractical. lots of thoughtful touches, such as the in room DVD players and free library of DVDs. i'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>CTTan
<Content>Good Hotel, Good Service I have just returned from a 3 night stay (business triip) in the Lanson Place Hotel. this is probably my fith or sixth visit in the last 2 years and each visit had been a pleasant experience for me.Hotel was good value for money. Property was very well maintained and the room was very comfortable. Good location about 5-10 minute walk from the Causeway Bay MTR station. Nice oasis to come home to after a hectic day in the bustling city. Spacious by Hong Kong standard. Free internet access in the room, well equipped kitchenette, large LCD TV with DVD player and very good shower. Nice selection of books and DVDs you can borrow for free from reception. What impressed me most was the level of service and the enthusiasm of the staff (especially the concierge on the ground floor and the reception). Young team and they were well trained and enthusiastic.Highly recommended hotel.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ParagIndia
<Content>Just Fabulous - possibly the best (Value for Money) address in HK It's the best address for those keen to put up in the viscinity of Causeway Bay.The Hotel is a Boutique property with immaculate cleanliess, decor and grandeur. This is one of the very rare hotels providing convenience of kitchenette for guests with specific dietary needs / choices. Continental breakfast is pretty well spread out and comes cmplimentary with almost all room categories. Hotel fully wi-fi enabled. THe check-in and concierge desks are as warm as anyone would expect them to be Also, the layout of rooms and bathrooms is done with a high taste.I would certainly recommend this place to travellers - business or leisure and with families and children too. Yes, this will be my address in HongKong henceforth.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Harry1Melbourne
<Content>excellent boutique hotel Loved this hotel!! Being members of Small Luxury Hotels of the World we were upgraded to a large room with fantastic facilities. The small kichen is a bonus. Loved the views and decor as well. The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. Yes the bathroom is a little open but the shower was fantastic, big with great pressure. Very comfortable bed and pillow, although had to request a top sheet, small gripe though. Our room was opposite the lift, but we never heard a thing, other than people talking occasionaly. It is in a great location, close to the metro which is so easy to use. The gym is also excellent, well equiped etc. Breakfast was reasonable, with seating sometimes an issue and lots of noisy children when we were there. Would definetely return.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Asiahoppers
<Content>Quiet Sancturay in the Heart of the F I have been visiting Hong Kong for several years both for business and leisure. I have found good hotels very expensive. Lanson PLace is a true gem that I would never have found had it not been for my many visits to Hong Kong.THe hotel is more like a serviced apartment with a small kitchenette and none of the 5 star services like 24 hour room service. But they sure make up for the lack of usual services with a complement of staff with excellent service skills. You will not be wanting for anything. As an example. I called down to reception asking for an address to a local restuarant, within 10minutes I had a staff member at my door with a map on how to get to the restaurant. Thats what I call service!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mattynz
<Content>Very Good We stayed at the Lanson Hotel on two seperate visits, one for three nights and the other for two. We were upgraded on both occasions, which we were very happy about. The concierge and front desk staff were very polite and knowledgeable and were very helpful in general.The rooms themselves were nice, if a little small, but we enjoyed the nice touches with the entertainment system and ihome stereo system. The complimentary breakfast was good, a nice selection of cereals, fruit and toast, but it was a bit of a mission to find a seat!!!!The location was a 5 minute walk from Causeway Bay station, so it was very convenient. It was also walking distance to all the main shopping areas in Causeway Bay.Definately recommended.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>billposter
<Content>Great service and well designed Booked via Hotel website- I decided to splash out for the last few days after saying at L'Hotel. A 400HK$ difference per night but what a difference in service and inclusions- Amazing breakfast included(L hotel was 130 HK$ and terrible) - smoked salmon and toasted bagels OMG.Service was fantastic, very helpful. DVD library was great and we watched a different film every night. complimentary wine also..what else? A free upgrade to deluxe room. Great aesthetic design throughout(members club feel) -minimalist but classy. minus points were no bathtub and a slightly damp room due to inadequate ventilation in shower area. Also the bathroom was not very private! Also, some of the high powered american business guests became grating after a while,.overall v good to excellent  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>UpperDecker
<Content>Affordable boutique hotel I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights in May '08. It's definitely one of the best hotels I've stayed in. Here are the things I loved about this place.1. Location. Just 10 minutes walk from the metro and the main shopping area of Causeway Bay. Restaurants are all around the place.2. Excellent service, low-key, but efficient. Check-in and out were speedy. Staff were also able to arrange my shuttle bus to the airport quite easily. 3. Free wifi. Wifi signals are available both from your room as well as from the lobby. During my 30 minute wait for the shuttle bus, I just whiled away my time playing on the net, reading news, knowing that all that bandwidth wouldn't cost me a cent!4. Apartment-style rooms. My room, # 1304, had a lounge on one side and the bed on the other. (Check out other people's pics of this hotel and you'll see). In the middle was a wide-screen plasma TV that swivelled around so that you could watch from either the bed side or the lounge side. 5. Great views from your room. The entire wall was glass, giving you a panoramic view of the city below. OK, so the view isn't Sydney Harbour, but for what you pay, I thought it was an added bonus. 6. Small hotel. It's a boutique establishment so there is a little more personality to the service and experience unlike the big 5-stars. Plus the clientele tend to be business-types which I personally like.7. So cheap! Well, at the time I stayed there anyway. Back then it was 1 AUD = 7 HKD!I do have a couple of small negatives.While the Lanson does have a bar, it's not like a regular bar. You'd be better off stepping outside to one of HK's many hip joints that can seat no more than about 15-20 people! Within a stone's throw of the Lanson is Brecht's bar where they serve pints of Hooegarden. And the brekky! OK, so it was filling - pastries, salamis, cereals and so on, I really wished they also served cooked brekkies. They didn't. But that's a really small issue.Tips for when going to HK: (i) get yourself an Octopus Card for the metro. This is a bit like London Underground's Oyster Card and perfect for keeping costs down; (ii) watch the lettered exit signs inside the metro. For example: A takes you to Victoria Harbour and B to Queen's Rd Central, etc. If you don't look at the signs, you could easily end up a good couple of hundred metres from your actual destination!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>plu81
<Content>Trendy property, good service and location The hotel itself is more like a upmarket serviced apartments. I arrived at around 8am, and was given a early check-in plus an upgrade at the same time, the service simply cannot be faulted.A few previous comments mentioned the unknown brand of LCD tv, which wasn't a big issue to be, but the remote wasn't very sensitive.The shower is great, but there's not tub.The sound proofing is quite good as well, I stayed at a room right opposite the lifts, and couldn't hear a thing (apart from the odd ding noise) day or night.There are lots of mirrors in the room, which is no good or bad, depending on your preference.Buffet breakfast provided is exellent in quality, however most of the items remain each day, the only notable differences is they swap chicken  pork congees around on a daily basis.I didn't manage to utilise the DVD library, although the room's equipped with a Sony DVD player.Staff are generally very friendly, and can provide you good information as to how to get around, etc.The hotel is literaly 3 mins walk from the CausewayBay MTR Exit F. On the way in/out there are tons of eateries for you to have a quick bite even late at night.For those who prefer luxury brand shopping, Lee Gardens is just a block away.Overall I feel this hotel provides fair value for money, you can certainly do a lot worse!A few things this place can make improvements on: - Pillows are extremely soft which can cause some neck discomfort if you're not used to it- The shallow basin is absolutely useless in the bathroom, water spilts everywhere, especially when you are trying to wash your face- The chair for the desk can do with some wheelsHowever most of these things are minor, overall it's a great place to stay in Hong Kong.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Perspective
<Content>Excellent place... Hello,I stayed here in this hotel for 3 months in 2007 when my house in Hong Kong was under big big renovation.I got 2 Deluxe rooms.. Everything was perfect.. for the price i think deluxe rooms are the best... Big rooms... the so called exceutive suite is even smaller then a deluxe room and it is more like a small small junior suite.. so i think the best is deluxe rooms for big room and good price.. if you can afford more of course the two bedroom suite is perfect. the one bedroom is ok but not that good.. just like to add a note.. i actually saw all the rooms.My price was around $32000 per month per room after long time negotation with the general manager.. when i lived there it was brand new and no one was there..  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>simoma
<Content>Eclectic style hotel       room 8th floor  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	5	

<Author>marco_mazzei
<Content>Great place, super design       The bedroom area  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>AEB72
<Content>Great hotel without all the fuss My partner and I booked this hotel after the positive reviews received on Tripadvisor, and we were not dissapointed. It is more a serviced apartment than hotel, which I think suits a lot of travellers who don't need all the bells and whistles of a hotel.The room was very well appointed, and a nice enough size for two (we had a standard disabled room, as my partner was on crutches). In a great area of HK, easy to get cabs and the MTR, but was also quiet and we got a great night's sleep each night. Breakfast is fine, if basic, and the Murano Room is particularly stylish. Service was outstanding. Concierge, reception and all staff for that matter were extremely attentive and thoughtful. My only gripe would be the bathroom - agree with other statements that the glass walled bathroom makes for very little privacy. The shower in our room would also flood the bathroom after each shower, but that may be only applicable to disabled rooms that have flat bathrooms. Can I also recommend eating at the restaurant above the Mercedes dealership in Lee Gardens Shopping Centre (about 1 min walk away). The name escapes me but it serves excellent Cantonese food and is within easy walking distance.All in all, a great hotel that we will definately stay at again.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SixtyDays
<Content>Fantastic hotel in Causeway Bay We stayed here for two nights whilst traveling on our honeymoon and got upgraded to a Kingbed Deluxe room. The location of the hotel is excellent for Causeway Bay yet still very quiet. We were on the 15th floor and the room was immaculately tidy and quiet. Admittedly it wasn't the biggest room we had ever been to, but still large enough and with the separate bed room and lounge/kitchen area it felt larger. The bathroom was also very high-design, but please note the glass doors and walls so best to stay there with your better half rather than sharing with a friend...Also, one element that could be improved is the ledge between bathroom and the room which led to a few painful trips as it is fairly high, but this is just a minor point. The breakfast was tasty and varied and the level of service throughout was immaculate. Overall, I would definitely recommend this hotel and would stay here again when in the area.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ornamentboy
<Content>great place. quiet comfortable       bed  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>CCCNewYork_NewYork
<Content>Excellent stay at the Lanson I stayed in the most basic room for three nights in August. The room was in an excellent condition, housekeeping does a great job of making everything look good, a number of thoughtful features can be found and the service is warm, sincere and non-intrusive. I very much enjoyed my accomodations. The hotel is quiet and in spite of its location in the very busy Causeway Bay area, I had a peaceful night's rest every night. The hotel loans its guests a local cellphone and the charges for each outgoing call (whether on the cellphone or from your room) is very reasonable. All incoming calls are free and you pay only for the outgoing calls (no rental fee for the phone itself). This is incredibly useful for a tourist.Service here is truly the star of the hotel. Everyone at the reception and concierge desk is unfailingly polite and pleasant, and the quiet, unobstrusive service really goes a long way to making guests feel comfortable it their surroundings. The interior decoration of the hotel is understated elegance with a modern take. The aesthetic is not unlike the chic boutique hotels that are so popular these days but the difference is a definite emphasis on comfort and function.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rrb986
<Content>Our new home in HK       King Bed of Deluxe Room- kitchentette and sitting area out of view  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CY11
<Content>Love the Murano Room and The Service       The simple tea break  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Joybells07
<Content>Tranquil Escape Lanson Place has been a lovely quiet hotel to stay in during our first visit to Hong Kong. The staff are friendly, helpful and unobtrusive. It's a quiet place to return to after busy days of shopping and sightseeing. It is so close to the MTR which makes travelling around Hong Kong so easy. Lanson Place seems to be used mostly by business travellers but we enjoyed our stay very much. The free wi-fi and the welcome pack are a bonus.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>I&P-7
<Content>Great hotel I can only confirm what others have written: great hotel! Upon arrival at Hong Kong airport, we took the Airport Hotel Shuttle (HK $ 140 for the first person, HK $ 80 for the second person) that left within 10 minutes. Within one hour we reached the hotel. We got an upgrade to a Deluxe room. What an excellent room! Big, comfortable bed and nice bathroom. The breakfast was fine, but a bit strange to have to eat on couches and not have a real dining room with tables. The location is good. Close to shopping malls and public transportation. The free internet was also good. Overall a very nice hotel. I would definately return there!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>kiwi_dude
<Content>Great Hotel and Location       Hotel room  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bromley
<Content>A great hotel We stayed for two nights in March on a stopover on our way to Sydney. The hotel was recommended to us and more than lived up to our expectations. The staff were very friendly and helpful, the room was clean and modern with a small kitchen and sitting area. Breakfast was good. The hotel is well placed in the heart of Causeway Bay and the concierge gave some good recommendations for eating out. We were able to get a taxi from outside of the hotel if we wanted to get to another part of the city. An ideal place to stay if visiting Hong Kong for business or pleasure.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HardieBoys
<Content>Excellent shopping location       Bedroom  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nkme
<Content>loved it!       view from room  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>asiangourmet
<Content>A real gem - excellent service with a smile! My partner and I stayed six nights in Lanson Place, and were most impressed by this boutique hotel.We had a spacious L- shaped corner room on the 26th floor, with a well equiped kitchenette and 2 LCD TVs and DVD players, one each in the sitting area and the bedroom area. It had a good size fridge (not a mini bar type) which was handy for chilling drinks and the essential bottle of sauvignon blanc after a long day out in the heat - and I found two excellent wine shops (Watson's wine cellar and Berry brothers) across the road in the Lee Gardens arcade. Although traffic below was very busy all the time, our room was quiet at night.Lanson Place reminded me of my favourite hotel in New York - the Affinia Dumont. What made this hotel special was the friendliness of the staff - the concierge and staff were always rushing to hold the door open, offer to get a taxi and to carry the bags etc. Ah Lock was particularly helpful during our stay. The receptionists were lovely, efficient and eager to help, and everyone was smiling all the time - quite a contrast to my recent experience in some top European hotels when you feel that the staff are doing you a favour when they provide a service, or at home in Ireland when most hotels are staffed by Eastern Europeans who have little command of English! A local cell phone was provided free of charge. It would ring simultaneously with the room phone - and saved me a small fortune on roaming fees. The hotel was located in Causeway Bay - a busy shopping area but only a short ride on the MTR to the Central business district. It was fascinating being in a more local area - where shops stay open till late and there are restaurants to suit every taste and budget.I noted comments on the size of the duvet in earlier reviews, and asked for an extra duvet and pillow upon check-in, which was brought within minutes by housekeeping - whose excellent service was also worth noting. Although here is no bath tub in the glass walled bathroom, the shower had a rain shower head with good water pressure. The complimentary breakfast was better than many of the European style continental breakfast - with fresh fruits, yoghurts, warm pastries and decent coffee. An added bonus was the jazz pianist who played in the lounge in the evening - a lovely way to relax over a drink after dinner!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Cilgwyn
<Content>A great find This hotel is a member of the Small Luxury Hotels of the World and, having stayed in others in this group and been impressed, we decided to try Lanson Place whilst in Hong Kong. As others have said, it is not particularly easy to find. We took the Airport Express (purchasing Octopus cards at the airport) to Central and then a taxi to the hotel. I had taken with me a map of the city with the hotel marked but the driver still had to ring the hotel for further directions. But it wasn't a particular problem and we were soon there.Our room was very comfortable apart from the duvet which seemed very small for the bed. I assume that the rooms are normally used for single occupancy by businessmen. When filling out my comment card at the end of our stay, I mentioned the duvet size and, by the time we had reached the airport in HK, I had had a reply from the manager saying they were addressing the problem and I could have asked for a larger duvet. If only I had known!As others have stated, the bathroom is a glass walled enclosure in the centre of the room which is certainly unusual. However the room itself was very well equipped, including a kitchen area, and we had free wi-fi access at all times.The breakfast was good at what it did - the pastries were crisp and warm and the coffee was good. There was enough to give one a reasonable start to the day.There was a guest laundry (small charge) which was wonderful for us after our two week stay in China.The situation of the hotel is good - a short walk to the MTR station and plenty of restaurants within easy reach. It is also very convenient for the shops and a short walk from the park. We enjoyed our stay there very much and would certainly stay there again if we return to HK.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheLeopardUK
<Content>Excellent This is an excellent hotel. I stayed for one night on my way to Melbourne and was so happy with the experience that I decided to stay for another night on my way back from Australia. The location is excellent, close to shopping and a tube station. The staff unfailingly courteous and eager to help (recommending pleases to eat and shop, tailors, providing headphoness). My request to check out three hours later than normally required was met without hesitation. The rooms clean and comfortable - and the bed extremely comfortable. The breakfast simple but served in a pleasant room. I would have no hesitation staying in this hotel again next time I am in Hong Kong.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>thecycler
<Content>A fine boutique hotel well located       kitchenette  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ozmadmax
<Content>Hidden but not treasure I stayed here twice this month passing through HK on my way to/from Macau. On the way my flight was delayed and I had the hotel organise a car to pick me up at HK. That was great (and not all that expensive) as it saved me hanging around for up to an hour after my flight landed (at 4am). Check-in was efficient. Reception on 1st floor so multiple elevator rides to get to room.Room was clean and modern. Minibar replaced by complimentary amenties including juice, water and cookies. Having been travelling for a long time I would have liked a batch but alas there are none.Second checkin was during the day and equally as efficient. However I had booked a non-smoking room and when I got to the room it stank of cigarettes. I called reception and they agreed to move me immediately to another room (although a smaller one) without question. Efficient and quick but not particularly friendly. Personalyl I didn't care as long as I din't have to ask twice.Close to shopping in Causeway bay and not a bad choice but perhaps is a bit expensive for what you really get here. Didn't try any of the breakfast. It is not really a hotel and certainly not a 5-star but it is a decent place top lay your head down if you're on business.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	3	3	5	

<Author>pk0
<Content>Fantastic Location Stayed for 5 nights with girlfriend in the Deluxe room.Location:Outstanding, about as good as it gets, transport is easy, great food within a few mintues walk away and lots of shops about. I was there just long enough to have a couple favourite places.Room:Very clean, decent sized and well appointed (although never cooked, food is too cheap and good locally to bother). Great shower, very powerful, as mentioned before glass walls and doors offer little privacy but this was not a problem for us. Bed was very comfortable although also had the same problem with the duvet (long and narrow) as the previous reviewer, but as the management response suggests this seem to be under review. Following a feedback form I completed, I actually received an email from the hotel management advising a larger duvet could have been requested from housekeeping.Service:Hard to fault, found staff to be courteous and helpful.Food:Breakfast was simple, could have done with more variety as each day pretty much had the same fare with only a couple of their pastries differing each day. Although not really a problem as mentioned before there is some good food less than a minute away.Overall:I enjoyed my stay at Lanson Place, and any negative points I have are fairly niggly and probably due to the high expectations I had, you do have to look hard to find the faults. The hotel does seem to be geared more towards the business traveller type rather than for families, but this also suits couples who want to enjoy a getaway.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>blacbtfly
<Content>The Lanson - a little slice of heaven I have to say that this hotel was amazing. It was the first time my boyfriend and I had travelled to Hong Kong, so I was unsure of which hotel to choose, as there were so many available. It was gamble, which paid off. We travelled to the hotel on our own and got lost, but they sent the concierge to find us outside the underground station. The hotel is located on a quiet street, but was a 2 minute walk to an underground station point and a busy shopping plaza. The whole hotel has a contemporary, but luxurious feel without being intimidating. Our room was surprisingly spacious, considering how much space is a premium in Hong Kong. (My boyfriend is 6ft!!). Our room was very clean and wonderful to be in and the air conditioning was a blessing too. The staff were courteous, friendly and helpful, most speaking excellent English. I would highly recommend this hotel as it is a true gem, and for what we paid in hotel fees, was a bargain too. We were lucky to find something like this as a first choice, and I am loathe to share this secret, but it would be unfair to keep this place to myself. The Lanson Place added to what was a fantastic trip, and to top things off I accepted my boyfriend's marriage proposal. A truly memorable holiday. Nicci Lawrence, West Yorkshire  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MTBChick
<Content>OK but not a Small Luxury Hotel This is a nice enough hotel and I will start with the positives. Great location on HK Island, very quick in cab/MTR/tram to Central. The hotel also operates a shuttle to Central at 8.30am each weekday morning. Nice (small) gym with very modern equipment. Clean bathroom and linen and very friendly staff. The room was quiet, although in one of the busiest areas of HK island and we were only on the 11th floor.However, we selected this hotel on the basis that it was a member of the SLH group, and we managed to get an extremely good rate online. However, had we been paying rack rate for the room we would have been very disappointed, as whilst the hotel was everything we would expect for the rate we paid, I can't understand why it is in the SLH group. The bed in the room was small (normal UK queen, which is smaller than a US queen). The duvet on the bed was also ridiculously small - little more than a single bed size! Only one pillow per person was provided. The hotel did not do a turn-down in the evenings. Bizarrely, the room had a small kitchenette, with a fridge, hob, kettle etc. This is totally pointless in a city like Hong Kong where eating out is easy, fun, cheap, quick and delicious. The inclusion of the kitchen made me realise that the hotel had obviously been built from studio apartments at one stage. The kitchen contained wine glasses etc, but only one teacup and one mug - very odd, given two people staying in the room. No milk was provided, and only a couple of sachets of Nescafe(!) and some tea bags. We would have expected some fresh coffee and a cafetiere, at the very least, together with a carton of milk in the fridge. In addition, one 500ml bottle of water was provided. I woke up incredibly thirsty one morning and called reception, who told me that the tap water was not safe to drink. We would therefore have to purchase water at a cost of HK$500! If the tap water is undrinkable, then the hotel should provide the guests with bottles of water in the rooms. All the 4-5 star hotels I have stayed in in India supply at least a litre of water to their guest's rooms a day, sometimes more. In our opinion, it is these small touches that really make a luxury boutique hotel and differentiate them from the rest. Bathroom was modern and clean, but it was separated from the room by a glass wall only which meant minimal privacy and also. if you turn the light on in the night, it lights up the entire bedroom - not very nice for the person still sleeping. All in all, if you can get a really good deal online and stay here for less than $200 a night, then I guess it is fine. If not, head for the Holiday Inn Times Square - I have heard it is excellent and a good price!!!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>mattrLondon
<Content>Good hotel in a good location We stayed at the Lanson Place hotel for 4 nights in December 2007. The rooms were well equipped, clean and in a contemporary style - the bathrooms in particular were very nice and the room sizes were not too bad for HK. We found the service in the hotel to be good in general. Breakfast in the morning is perfectly acceptable but you would not call the selection of food especially extensive. The hotel is well located in Causeway Bay (good for shopping) and is about a 5 minute walk from the local subway station. I would recommend the hotel and would not hesitiate to stay next time I am in HK.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>poshgirl24
<Content>Sweet Boutique in HK I stayed at the Lanson Place on business for 3 days at the start of March. I've been to Hong Kong several times, but usually stay at the Excelsior and the Conrad - both very nice.I was interested to see what a boutique hotel would be like in Hong Kong and it was everything it should be. The rooms were average in size, but the the best part was the huge window. One entire wall was a window facing the city and it was fantastic. The bed was extremely comfortable and I slept well. The bathroom is interesting as it's all glass/frosted glass, but if traveling alone or with a partner, I don't think it's a big deal. Nice amenities with the toothbrush and Colgate toothpaste, and the shower felt great with the rainhead. The hotel itself had a nice calm, yet softly trendy color palette. Best of all was the service. From the doormen to the cleaning staff, everyone was efficient, extremely friendly and knowledgable. English was spoken fluently by everyone I encountered and I always felt safe and comfortable.The location can't be beat as you're within 2-3 minutes walking distance to department store Sogo, and Times Square. Food and shopping is all around, but it helps when it's just outside your hotel's front door.I think the $250ish a night is well worth it. Mnay hotels (like the Excelsior and Conrad) cost almost 3 times as much, but I guess it all depends on what kind of experience you're looking for. If you want something smaller and more intimate, the Lanson Place is ideal. I would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to friends and family.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>KeKouKeLe
<Content>Best hotel in Causeway Bay I could get for about US$200 a night       Room1  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	3	3	

<Author>Schweiger
<Content>I wonder why they are accredited by small luxury hotel group? I am the member of the small luxury hotel and always find hotels from their website when I am on leisure travel.Lanson place is good but it is neither small nor luxury. I stayed 4 nights in the Grand Deluxe Residence on the 25th floor. The centre point of this suite is the bathroom with glass panels on 2 sides. When my companion used the bathroom in the middle of the night, it lighted up the WHOLE suite. The king bed is not king size in American or European standard. Full credits to the staffs on all level. They are helpful and courteous.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>youngandfiftyish
<Content>Yes, yes, yes, yes We stayed in a number of hotels in various countries on this visit and this was the only one that rated above average or excellent.From the entrance at the end of a rather shabby street we were taken into a marvellous oasis of calm and efficiency.We arrived at 11.00pm and from doorman to cleaner and reception we were treated excellently. Clearly there is a policy here and it works.We reserved a large king size room but due to heavy bookngs were upgraded to a small suite. Breakfast was included and was fine. Also recommendations made for dining with many excellent places a short walk away. Also very helpful with directions and other tourist information.Whilst not cheap the hotel represented excellent value for moneyLocation was good on Hong Kong Island with great access to the metro, trams and buses.Our only disappointment was that we had only booked for 2 nights  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lowl
<Content>perfect place Just return from Hong Kong. Spent 4 nights at Lanson Place and now can confirm previous tripadvisor members recommendation.Excellent location, not in touristy area, but rather upscale part of Hong Kong. Multiple stores, market and restaurant around. Don't miss a several floors of restaurant at the food world ( Time Square center). Rooms are very nice. Bathroom shower cabin with type of shower head. Hotel public area and room - exceptionally clean. Breakfast perfectly adequate for a rate in this hotel. Free access to internet. Very professional and polite service. Close to all form of transportation including MRT, buses and streetcars. One can also walk or drive to ferry ( Wan Choi) and than be in Kowloon golden mile. In that area be prepare to be harass by mostly hindu ( or bangladashi?) trying to convince you to bay a suites, jackets etc.Nothing like this exists in a this hotel zone.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nattysjourney
<Content>Great hotel and nice staff!! I booked this hotel through its own website. The price turned out to be incredibly low (considering its quality), and we were also upgraded to the better room. The hotel location was excellent, close to everything from shopping centers (like Time Square) to local shops and restaurants. It was also in a walking distance to Causeway Bay MTR station. The best thing about this hotel (apart from the nice, clean and equipped rooms that will make you feel like a king), was its concierge. They were the best concierge I have ever met!, full of service mind. They gave lots of superb advices on local restaurants that could hardly be accessible for tourists and also did a booking for us. I'll definitely stay at Lanson Place again.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>JohnJF
<Content>Great small hotel We arrived very late and the only room left was a smoking room, but abject apologies from Tifanny and an assurance of a room change the following day avoided any problems. True to their word, the following morning we were moved, into an identical room two floors up, which did not reek of smoke......The rooms are not spacious, but more than adequate. Two DVD players and two flat screens seemed a bit of an overkill, and we were surprised by the kitchenette, as well as the encouragement to order-in from a vast array of cuisines in a directory in the room. (They don't have a restaurant). The room has free wireless access which we availed ourselves of, simply to check the email (sad case, I hear you say).Breakfasts were good, although, as someone else commented, there is not a lot of room in the breakfast area.Very high compliments to the concierge who could not have been more helpful and knowledgeable. All the staff are very polite and helpful.Do buy an octopus card to get around Hong Kong - it was an absolute boon for all transport, including the peak tram and the Star Ferry (both of which you have to do.We loved our stay at Lanson Place, and would rate it as one of the best we have stayed at.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>McMug
<Content>Solid experience Location of the hotel is perfect. I actually didn't have a problem with taxi drivers - tell them 133 Leighton Road (chinese name of hotel is Lan Sum hotel), also tell them it's just across from St. Paul's Convent School, and they will know.The free breakfast is unexpected, although it gets a little crowded, really you can't expect that much given the reasonable room rates they are charging. It's good if you aren't craving for anything and just needed something quick before you head out for the day.Overall service is good. Staff is polite and service is prompt. Liked the 24 hour gym and business center.The only complaint I have perhaps is that their blanket can be a little bigger. I had trouble sharing the blanket with my boyfriend and we kept on pulling it away from each other so we had to request an extra one in the end.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Dezzydez
<Content>Well run mid size hotel l in CWB For this trip we wanted to stay in Causeway Bay for easier dining and shopping options. We have contacted Lanson Place a previous two times but was always met with radio silence. This time however we tried again on the off-chance (before we confirmed our reservation with the Fleming) and received an immediate response. They offered a very competitive rate so we settled on the Lanson instead as the location was what we were after. In fact all subsquent contact and date changes (there were numerous) were dealt with quickly and efficiently, so thumbs up for the massive improvement in communication.Taxi had some trouble finding it, mainly because of its lack of a chinese name and also the one way system in place around that area. Its situated around the corner from Jia and behind the Regal. Still it shouldn't be a problem as the Taxi drivers will radio for help, or just take along the telephone number and ask them to call up. I actually remember this building from around 2001 when it was a unfinished and unloved office block, languishing at the back of CWB. They have completely transformed the facade and turned it in to quite a lovely little hotel.Check in was pretty quick and we got upgraded to a small deluxe room. Room was a good size, bathroom was a bit narrow but just big enough for 2 people. Decor was safe, modern, if a bit uninspiring. Its a typical modern HK hotel. I liked the 24 hr Gym and Laundromat (useful as we had just flown in from Tokyo), breakfast was adequate but as someone mentioned could get a bit congested. Taxis were plentiful and the porters would go out on to the street and hail for for you. Location is brilliant, short walk to the MTR, lots of dining options nearby and excellent for shopping. Rooms were also quiet. However, CWB is very touristy now so it gets VERY busy on the weekends so be prepared for a sea of bodies. I also noticed dining prices have gone up but as Sterling was riding high at the time it still felt very cheap!Downside? Not many tbh. I felt the service was a bit patchy, its very young and local, so if you are expecting slick international hotel standards Shangri-La style, IMHO its not quite there yet. We are oriental and look young but we are also in HK for business, so in the past we have received some funny reactions from HK hotel staff when we request things to be done (we are always polite I might add). This time reception was ok if a bit frosty, but concierge made such a hash of sending fedex and mail parcels for us I was getting a bit annoyed. It was not until a older member stepped in that it was sorted with some common sense. There were other instances of incompetency and sour attitudes but not enough to put me off staying here again.Conclusion - a well run, clean and dependable place either for business or pleasure. Definitely the best place we have stayed in the CWB/Tin Hau area and can compete in terms of value for money with Hotel Rhombus in Central. Tempted to try Jia next but Lanson's rates are very competitive so might not ever make it there. Although do try Jia's Opia restaurant for a drink, lovely little slick bar area, perfect for relaxing.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>theavidtraveller
<Content>Best hotel in Hong Kong and I've stayed at a fair few hotels!       Sofa area - King Deluxe Room  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>culturevulture2
<Content>We Will Stay Here Again This is the second time that we are staying at Lanson Place, Hong Kong. We loved its location in Causeway Bay-a stone's throw from the Causeway Bay MTR, great food outlets at Jardine's Bazaar, good shopping at Times Square. The room is big for HK standards and there is a small kitchenette if you need to heat up food in the microwave or cook a meal. This time, our room was in an L-shaped configuration. The bedroom was a little tight but the living and study space was slightly bigger. The furnishings and fittings are still in good condition.When we checked in for our stay, we were a little annoyed that we had to wait for our room to be ready even though it was 21/2 hours past the check-in time. I was a little taken aback too when one of the bath towels that I wanted to use had 5 holes on it. Nevertheless, the housekeeping team was prompt with providing us with good quality towels when we requested for it.We will stay here again when we next visit HK.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Travelling_J71
<Content>Splendid and enjoyable Place My first impression could not have been better - when arriving at the hotel at 9am after a long-haul flight from Australia, I was not only given a room straight away, but was also upgraded one category and invited to have breakfast right away.All the staff I encountered were very courteous, professional and helpful. The room was lovely, with floor-to ceiling-windows and an inland view, which became spectacular at night. A very comfortable bed (more than enough pillows :), nice raindance-shower, swivel-flat-screen TV inserted in a mirror-wall, free fruit juices, water and cookies, complimentary broadband internet - I was amost reluctant to leave the room for exploring the city during my short stopover, but the location is so good that you just walk out of the door and are in the middle of everything.The continental breakfast is taken in the lounge, sitting on sofas or upholstered chairs, which lends it a very casual atmosphere, but may be a bit uncomfortable for some. More fresh fruit and cheese wouldn't have hurt.In summary I had a most enjoyable stay in a luxurious, but not over-the-top hotel. It is relaxed, comfortable, not stuffy or pretentious. Will definitely book again when next in Hong Kong!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>SheasPapa
<Content>Great location, accommodations, and service. We've been traveling to Hong Kong twice a year for the past few years, and each time we've stayed at a different hotel. All were nice, but none have compared with the Lanson Place for location, service, and quality of accommodations. From the moment that Cecilia checked us in, we felt completely at home. The assistant manager was an absolute delight, as was Andrew, the concierge who always seemed to know the right place to recommend for dinner. There's a number of very good restaurants nearby, and a movie theatre. Plus, it's not a long walk to either the metro or the Time Square shopping center, and only a short cab ride to the HK convention center. Unfortunately they don't have a restaurant, but they serve an excellent continental breakfast (included in the price), and there's a jazz duo that performs on weekends. On Sunday, after trying unsuccessfully to find a nearby protestant church service in English, we discovered that the Catholic church across the street offered a service at 11am that was completely in English. We decided to give it a try, and It was wonderful. This hotel is a gem. We recommend it highly, and will visit again soon. Lori and Barry, St. Petersburg, Florida  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bishan
<Content>Rather over-rated hotel .. We stayed at the Lanson Plc 2 nights  moved on to Disneyland Hotel after that. We booked the LP, after reading nice reviews, but we had a different experience. When we checked into the hotel, there was a power trip, but it took a while before the problem was identified  solved. We put in a request for 2 additional pillows during booking; we didn't get them. I had to make 2 calls to housekeeping,  it occurred to me they prob ran out of pillows, as the 2nd pillow was in fact a cushion in a pillow case ! We didn't mind the continental breakfast but it was uncomfortable eating from the sofas in the lounge lobby. Yes, hotel is clean  modern in design  staff are polite. But it lacked warmth  was clinical in the atmosphere. I tend to agree with one of the earlier reviewers over the functionality of the kitchen area and the lack of a bath tub - it really hit us hard when we realised there isn't any. Design of the room is awkward,  not great when you have young kids. There seems to be a lot of storage. With the kitchen  storage, the bedroom area is tiny. I would prob think this hotel works for the business travellers ; its got a nice biz cte. We were very much disapppointed ; fortunately we had a more relaxing  enjoyable time at the Disneyland Hotel (pls see separate review).  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	2	4	

<Author>ITZGNG
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel has the right balance of all the things that make up a great boutique hotel.The location in Causeway Bay was excellent for shopping and for local cuisine dinning. The staff was always attentive and friendly. Our room was very clean, comfortable and I'd even say large in HK standards. All the amenities such as free bottled water, breakfast, kitchen appliances and internet access made us feel at home.I've stayed at the Metropark in Causeway Bay and the newer Langham Place in Monkok but without a doubt Lanson Place was our favorite hotel by far.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>3Bergen
<Content>great place in hong kong this place is a wonderful home in Hong Kong. We liked everyting about it!!(specially the view at night, overlooking the citylights from our bed! nice)  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>JohnSSSydney
<Content>A welcome oasis Lanson Place is a calm oasis, something I appreciate given Hong Kong's frenetic intensity.It's location is ideal being in Causeway Bay. Somewhat unknown to taxis, suggest they take you to the Regal and from there the hotel is a 2 minute walk.Checking in and out is simple without fuss.The room is clean and comfortable and offers free cabled and wireless internet without any complications such as passwords/accounts.The staff are genuinely friendly and speak English.There is a great laundry 50m away (Keswick Street), open from 8am 7 days a week, 24 hr turnaround, maybe, and a bargain at HKD28 for a week's worth of washing.Breakfast is simple, a bit limited in variety if staying more than 5 days but definitely edible and it's nice to get complimentary decent newspapers such as the Financial Times.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travail
<Content>A Fabulous Boutique Hotel Revisiting Hong Kong after many years we wanted to ensure that we got a decent place to stay at a reasonable rate. We booked directly with the hotel and were pleased with the price of approx. 120 a night. The hotel is tucked away near to the HK Regal. What we got was a wonderful room beautifully apportioned with a small lounge, kitchen, large bed and a shower room with wc. The main impression was of glass and, once you had got used to the fact that the toilet was also surrounded by glass (albeit shaded glass at the bottom) it became second nature. They have made great use of limited space with the flat screen TV in the centre of the room, swinging on a pivot so that it can be seen either in the lounge or from the bed.The staff could not have been more helpful and, even though our credit card didn't swipe properly when we first got there (an over protective bank not following instructions!!) there were no problems and we were allowed until the following day to sort it out. The staff could not be more helpful at all times and the concierge(s) were extremely good in sorting out any requirements.The hotel is situated to the east of Hong Kong but with the very efficient bus and subway system all points are easy to reach. Even the taxis are not too expensive.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone. It is a delight.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SofandAlex
<Content>High Quality Services This hotel is a gem. Our experience is consistent with most other reviewers. But there are a few things I'd like to add.First, the staff remembers our faces and names which make us feel great. I suspect staff members must study the guests' profile because staff members whom we have not met stills know exactly whom we are. The service level is consistently high. There is nothing I can complain about in terms of service.Second, the hotel keeps a low profile. There is no neon sign or big flashy lobby at the hotel. As any frequent visitor of Hong Kong can confirm, most hotels in Hong Kong tends to be on the ostentatious side. Lanson feels much more like a home to us.We also feel the same about the minor negative comments in the other reviews. The most notable one is the restroom privacy. There is no hiding from anybody inside the room. Also, we find the closet space a bit too tight for two. Lastly, the air condition is set a bit too strong for November. We had to adjust the temperature control every night when we return to the room.Overall, this is a wonderful hotel. I'd return and recommend without hesitation.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sim959
<Content>Way Beyond Our Expectations To say the Lanson Place exceeded the expectations of my partner and myself is a major understatement. Fabulous room (and a very good size - more like a mini-suite), great design touches (LOVED the mirror-framed swivelling LCD TV, and the crazy red laquered corrugated bathroom doors off the bar area), plus a long list of thoughtful extras like free replenishment of bottled spring water every day in your room - everywhere else I've stayed they charge outrageously for it. And as for the location... Causeway Bay is one of THE great shopping destinations on the planet, and the Lanson Place is right there in the middle of it - everything you want is within an easy walk. We had 7 nights and could have stayed for another 7 very easily if we'd had the time. Our only problem with the Lanson Place is that with all these great reviews, it's soon going to be impossible to get a room there!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fastcat30
<Content>Great place recommended Just come back from a 6 night stay at the Lanson Place, great location, very nice rooms a very enjoyable stay. I booked the Lanson place based on the reviews I've read on tripadvisor and I was not dissapointed. Read the reviews !!!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Zahadum
<Content>Convenient Location We stayed for 3 nights and paid around HKD$2000 a night.The hotel location is very convenient, mins from Causeway Bayand Times Square. We got a room at the 26 floor so had a nice view, hated to look out to another building.The breakfast was simple but we really liked the hotellounge. Very relaxing ... We also stayed at the Metroparkhotel which was near Tin-Hau station for 7 nights. Since we booked the 7 days long stay package, so wegot an Executive room for HKD$1400 a night and theroom at Metropark hotel was way bigger than the LansonPlace hotel. Actually, I liked Metropark Hotel more in termsof room size, spectacular Victoria Harbour view and amenity (like the roof-top swimming pool and gym) but I liked Lanson Place Hotel location. Both hotels have safetydeposit box big enough to hold a notebook but the LansonPlace hotel one had a socket inside so you can re-chargeyour notebook while locked inside the deposit box! That is attention in details!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>total23
<Content>best kept secret I stayed at the Lanson Place Hotel in Causeway Bay for two nights in late Sept 2007 for business. I had to go to HK on two days notice and picked this hotel after reading all the favourable reviews on Trip Advisor. I was not disappointed. It is a boutique hotel in a quiet part of HK, a short walk to the MTR and Times Square (5-10 minutes). Taking the taxi was also cheap and convenient.I was given a corner room on the 26th floor with a King-size bed, a sitting area, two TV's, a galley and a modern bathroom with a large shower. Internet is free which is a thoughtful bonus. Everything was new, clean and modern. The hotel staff were very pleasant and helpful. The continental breakfast in the large dining area on the 2nd floor was an excellent start to each day. After two nights at Lanson Place I went to Macau for two nights and spent the large part of my last day in HK waiting for my flight home. I returned to the Lanson Place Hotel and the concierge staff recognizing me from a few days earlier had no problem storing my luggage for several hours so I could wander around HK until it was time to go to the airport. The location is very quiet, yet convenient enough to everything.My friends from Singapore who were staying at the Excelsior (on a busy and noisy street also in Causeway Bay) came to see my room and said it was much better than theirs.I will definitely stay at the Lanson Place Hotel during my next visit to HK so I can sample the neat looking restaurants in the vicinity. I would certainly recommend this Hotel to anyone looking for an excellent HK experience, particularly in Causeway Bay.S. Cheng, Vancouver, Canada  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SwimBikeRunGirl
<Content>Love it!!! After looking through the reviews and sample pics here, I decided to book us at this place for a romantic weekend in HK. The booking experience was pleasant through the website and got the best rate I could find - cheaper than asiarooms.com and asiatravel.com. You will get an answer to your query within 4 hours, no matter what time you send it. We got a free upgrade too when we got there!We got there late at night and was very impressed by the room and the service. The staff are kind enough to hail a cab and give instructions in the local language and are helpful with anything you may need. I had some tiny trouble with my internet connection at the room but they solved it right away. The lobby, main reception area and rooms are very tastefully modern - nothing tacky in this place, not even the huge green wall at the foyer. The corner room we got [2108] was lovely and had more than enough space for us. The bed was just one of the most comfy I've slept in in a long while. They are a bit short though, for a girl who is 5'10 and a boy who is 6'4 - his feet were hanging off the bed. We like a pretty basic breakfast and we got what we needed at the hotel buffet - it was perfect considering we really went to town with dining in HK. With all of that it's a great location. Luxury shops like Chanel and LV are just around the corner, the MRT is nearby on foot and there's a tiny bar that serves Hoogaarden on tap, ten steps away! Everything just melts away when you're inside Lanson. It's quiet, peaceful and beyond lovely. Will definitely stay here again when we come back to Hong Kong.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TuanR
<Content>A great place where you feel at home and free! Travelling often to HK, I have tried many luxury/business hotels and the Lanson Place is the one I prefer, with the more personality. I stayed there 3 times and I felt like at home at first sight :)- The service is gentle, polite, discrete- There's a good gym open 24/7- There is wireless internet and 1 or 2 dvd players in each room- You can borrow DVDs or books of great quality from the reception ; you can bring your own cds to listen in the room- the rooms are large, with modern and elegant decoration- it is located in the chic and busy Causeway BayIt is not the usual business hotel, it's much more : a homy place. I recommend it to my friends or clients going to hk.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VYin
<Content>Wonderful experience!! My husband and I have just moved to Guangzhou, China recently for work and have been hoping to find a nice hotel that we can feel comfortable and at home in when we visit HK. Much to my surprise, after reading the reviews on the website, I decided to give Lanson Place a try and immediately knew that we had found our sanctuary. Right in the heart of the busiest area of HK, we found a tranquil, relaxing and soothing environment that enveloped us in luxury and comfort. The rooms are a very good size, the staff are efficient and polite, and the gym is more than adequate. What is totally unexpectedis the coin operated launderette, the free broadband and free continental breakfast. These are all very thoughtful and nice amenities which certainly add to its attractiveness. We plan to be in HK on an average of 8-10 times a year and I know where we'll be staying!!V. + C. Yin, Guangzhou, China. Sept 3, 2007  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Andre
<Content>Nicely surprised: Top-notched Services, large        Two TVs and the coffee table  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EILS
<Content>Excellent Stay!       bedroom  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kgari
<Content>Great service and good location This is a very good boutique style hotel. The staff are very very good. It is a good location for the trip to Stanley by bus(a must do)It is also close to the MTR and you can walk to ferry. It is quiet for sleeping, which in HK is important. Buffet breakfast does not include cooked food such as eggs. I found myself down towards Central and Soho a fair bit, so next time may stay down that way but overall a really great hotel.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mylah
<Content>Clean and Comfortable I enjoyed staying at Lanson Place. The room was spacious (over 400 sq feet) with modern decor. It has everything I need, fully equipped kitchenette, safe, iron, ironing board, plasma TV and plenty of storage to hang the clothes. I also received a nice complimentary welcome basket containing food, snack, and drinks.All the staffs were very friendly and helpful. There was a minor issue with my toilet and when I rang housekeeping about it, someone came and fixed the issued within minutes, fantastic service!!There is a coin operated laundry in the hotel which I found useful, since I accumulated many dirty laundries from my business trip to China.One point to note: In the room which I stayed, the door to the bathroom is glass (the glass is mostly frosted, except for the top part and bottom part, which is clear), so you basically can see the head and the leg of the person inside. One minus point - there is no restaurant in the hotel. Don't get me wrong, there are plenty of restaurants close by and you can even order food to be delivered to your room from the some of the local restaurant and take away outlet.The reason I wished there was a restaurant in the hotel is that my client was staying in the same hotel. The couple of days when we were there, it was raining. Every time when we want to eat, we need to walk out in the rain as ordering food from the local delivery was not an option for me.Other than this, everything else was perfect. I will definitely stay at this hotel again. Keep up the good work!!!!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vmk
<Content>Excellent hotel We are just back from Hong Kong, after one week's visit. We have been in many hotels, usually not many times in same one. But I feel that this time we enjoyed our stay so much that there is no doubt we will book Lanson Place also next January. Our room was very nicely decorated and comfortable, all staff very friendly, breakfast was very good, just the things I would choose even from bigger assortment. We were upgraded to bigger room because our room was not ready when we arrived. We liked the kitchenette because you actually could stay in hotel some evenings and have some snacks there, the room was so nice. Iron and ironing board were great, gym good enough and there was nice lounge with lots of books and magazines. MTR is near so it is easy to go around. I can't complain about anything!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pete-Watson
<Content>Excellent hotel while running a course I have recently (June 2007) had the good fortune to run a training course in this hotel and being a guest at the same time.The rooms, as far as I can tell, are all mini suites with separate bedroom, lounge, kitchenette and bathroom areas. It is open plan in design.The hotel was immaculately clean and the staff could not be faulted.On arrival I had been allocated a smoking room, by mistake, and this was quickly and efficiently sorted out.While running the training, the hotel staff were incredibly helpful and efficient. They are a credit to the establishment.It should be noted that the hotel does not have a restaurant for lunch or evening meals (breakfast is a buffet in the very large and comfortable 1st floor lounge area), but this is not a problem as the area has every conceivable eating choice within a few minutes walk.I would heartily recommend this hotel in the Causeway area of the City with its easy access to some of the main shopping areas.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pz25
<Content>Could not Fault... Booked to stay at the Lanson Place Hotel purely from reviews on this website, and was not disappointed. My stay was 7 nights in late May. Perfect location for a visit to HK, everything you could possibly need is in walking distance (MTR, shops, restaurants, etc). Hotel was in great condition (relatively new), the staff were fantastic ( and knowledgeable),  the service was second to none. I was travelling on my own, and they made me feel very welcome!! Will definately stay here again, and will reccommend to others!!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bele5
<Content>Fantastic What can I say ! Everything about this hotel was excellent. Great rooms, clean and spacious with every convienence. Small kitchenette, iron, ironing board, ac adaptors, free internet and the most comfortable beds we had slept in on our entire holiday. Added touches such as free juices, biscuits, and bottle water in room made all the difference.After paying a fortune for a flea pit in Paris the room the size of a dog kennel this was such a find at the end of our holiday.The staff were friendly and so attentive, breakfast was included in the rate which was so reasonable for central Hong Kong.This is quite a small botique hotel, which adds to the charm and such a welcome oasis is bustling Hong Kong.Location is great, walking distance to major shopping malls and restaurants.We will definitely put this on our to do again list.I can't praise this hotel enough and I am quite fussy when it comes to hotel rooms.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DeborahPM
<Content>Great rooms but lacking in atmosphere Just back from a 3 night stay at the Lanson Place. For the price, this hotel is a real bargain considering the standard of the room and the fact that you are in a reasonably good location. The service really was very good, not exceptional, but everyone was very helpful and attentive. My room was lovely. If I have a gripe it is that there was a shower (albeit a fantastic one) rather than a bath. After a full day of sightseeing a good soak lying down would have been just the ticket! The design of the room was modern and very tasteful. I would disagree that the rooms are small - they are not huge but they are well designed and certainly big enough for a couple.In my room was a small galley kitchen (this may be the case in all of the rooms). This struck me as a bit daft - after all, are you really going to start cooking in your hotel room? A kettle and a small fridge was all I needed. But the kitchen didn't detract from the room - it just seemed a bit pointless.It is outside of the room that I would criticise the hotel. There is some really great space in the ground floor lobby and the first floor reception, all of which is very stylishly decorated - but there is no atmosphere at all. This means that you don't really use the area, you just pass through it. So for me, the calm that everyone else talks about was just clinical space. Because it was so quiet and uninhabited, there was no buzz to the communal areas which is a shame because, with a bit of effort, they could easily become funky and relaxing. There is no coffee shop or restaurant in the hotel which may not matter to some, but I think it would have been nice just to have a space that you could grab a drink or a snack, chill out, and watch what was going on. You can order drinks in the lobby areas but there is nothing happening there apart from whatever you may be doing (!) and waiters preying on you to take your glass away the microsecond that it is empty. It doesn't make for either a relaxing or interesting experience.The lobby is where you have breakfast - what is on offer is not all that exciting, but it is OK. Because it is the lobby/bar area that doubles up as the breakfast area, you don't actually get to each your breakfast at a table with chairs - more like sitting on a low banquette or a lounger chair which was a bit odd, and not all that comfortable.But for all the gripes, if you want a cheap, really lovely room in the heart of a good shopping district you really can't go wrong. Causeway Bay is a bit off the centre but it is very easy to get a tram to Central where you can get to Kowloon on the Star Ferry etc. And if your feet refuse to carry you one of the many cabs can get you to Central for the equivalent of 3 Euros tops.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>CD001
<Content>Loved the Lanson We recently stayed at the Lanson for 4 nights. Overall our stay was fantastic. The rooms are not huge, but after staying in many Hong Kong hotels - they are rarely huge. The rooms are well appointed, and it is a big plus to have the kitchenette. The staff is quick  polite. The concierege service was great for purchasing train tickets etc. Based on stays at other hotels (Langham Place, South Pacific, Nikko etc.), the Lanson was great value for the money. We are not huge breakfast eaters, but the breakfast offered a fair selection  the food was fresh and plentiful. This hotel does not have a restaurant, which is a bit of an issue when you are tired  craving room service. Other then that we would definetely recommend the Lanson.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NicolasSL
<Content>Ok, but will not return Nice hotel in a neighborhood somewhat different from Central. Rooms are nice, not big though. Have been hugely disappointed by the breakfast, which is a shame. No bread, only toasts without any toaster, bad american coffee and a muesli that tasted like porridge. Pastries are soft and tasteless. Being a huge breakfast fan, it killed our morning. Otherwise, friendly staff and close to the MRT. Free business center is a plus.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	4	3	5	

<Author>CatWoman_&_BoyWonder
<Content>Our new home away from home       view from door  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oddmom
<Content>Enjoyed our stay This was our first visit to HK and we chose to stay 5 nights at the Lanson Place based on Tripadvisor reviews. We were not disappointed at all; the hotel is beautifully appointed in a minimalist way, the service was excellent and the staff very friendly and helpful. I think they have modified the bathrooms as our glass wall had been sandblasted for privacy. The room was not huge but the layout was very intelligent and made the room seem spacious and efficient. Having a mini kitchen (fully stocked w/utensils)was a bonus. I suppose that makes up for the unfortunate lack of room service/restaurant on premises. But the buffet breakfast was very good even though the selection was exactly the same everyday. There were mostly business travellers there. The surrounding neighborhood was a little funky but certainly convenient to everything. We received an excellent rate directly from the hotel and it was a true value!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MrHobbs
<Content>solid in all areas       toiletries  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>xmasheart
<Content>A remarkable find!       Bed  Closet on the right  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tiger_sist
<Content>Pleasant Stay at The Lanson place Being a dedicated fan of Small Luxury Hotels Group, I did not have any doubt trying out the Lanson Place during my christmas vacation. The promotional rates on the hotel site were good value for money and it should be booked through internet only. Upon arrival, everything seemed up to standard, the atmosphere, the lobby, the recpetionists and although there were a few other people checking in at the same time, the process was done within 3 minutes. The room was very well designed - I'd say a very high standard boutique hotel. The size of the room was not huge but the frequent use of glass partitions and mirrors made the general ambiance very chic and relaxed. It was nice to have a basket of snacks provided for free of charge daily and the living area was very comfortable. Bathroom was too small for 2 people to walk in and out at the same time, but the shower area was in a decent size. Oh, and the bed was one of the most comfortable bed ever! A perfect choice of bed to catch up with proper sleep from those late party nights. My experience would have been execellent if the breakfast buffet was more interesting. The dinning area was beautiful but not exactly practical to eat your breakfast. The choice of food was very limited and there were only pastries, yoghurt, some fruits, 2 choices of juice and that was it. I was expecting much more considering the standard of the hotel, that was honestly my only disappointment. Location wise, very good. I dont like the neighbourhood much as nextdoor was Indonesian supermarket but this was not a big deal. Getting around Causeway Bay was convenient and a cab was always easy to catch.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mark_the_chocky_guy
<Content>a brilliant find i stay in hong kong about 5 times a year and usually never stay in the same place twice.This could become my regular haunt. Good location, close to train and restaurants, very good service and on of the biggest rooms i have had in hong kong.I usually stay in boutique style hotels and most of them have good design but poor quality fitouts - not this place. The quality of room furniture, the bed, towels, 2 plasma TV's, DVD player, kitchenette, free internet.... everything about it had a quality feel.a little bit more expensive than other non-maintstream hotel brands, with the special rate i found (and there are often speacials), this is my new home in hong kong.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>big-big-jim
<Content>...beyond words... I essentially had 20 mins to book a flight and a hotel in Hong Kong...checked the reviews on tripadvisor, and thought that this hotel would be just OK.Boy...was I wrong.From the moment we checked in, through to our complementary upgrade, to the friendliness of the concierge and front desk staff, this place could re-define what Hong Kong in all its organised urban chaos is all about. As near as an impersonal a city can get, this place is a paradox: congenial, un-pretentious, stylish yet modest. The rooms are clean, service helpful and location unbeatable.And there is plenty of good dim sum and street food around the corner.This is a little gem, just waiting to be discovered...and when it is...I am sure I wont be able to book a room for a stay on the same night...  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jas_sh
<Content>Wonderful experience; recommend to all Thanks to all the reviews and comments on tripadvisor which made me pick this hotel last week for a trip my husband and I went for our anniversary day. It was just GREAT, perfect location, spacious room with awesome view, and very professional staff. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would recommend it to anyone coming to HK. Will definitely return ourselves.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hownowbrowncow
<Content>BIG PROPS to Lanson Place!   showReview(6594159, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>radzb
<Content>Fantastic service....   showReview(6564832, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>s_s_ryan
<Content>BEEEEYOOOTEEEEFUUUUULLLLLL....... =)       Entrance lobby cum Kitchenette  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Memsahib
<Content>Highly Recommended       Bathroom  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ringo99
<Content>Chic, modern property   showReview(6051517, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Maryana
<Content>Amazing chic hotel !!!!   showReview(5707175, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aibejovi
<Content>also for small families   showReview(5701337, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tingweng
<Content>nice hotel   showReview(5613467, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the Lanson   showReview(5392957, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Wasabi312
<Content>Would stay again   showReview(5043607, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>harabo
<Content>?#x201d;         
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?#x201d;   showReview(19914636, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>joe1968
<Content>Sind etwas enttuscht, etwas berteuert fr das gebotene!!   showReview(13965768, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	5	5	5	5	

