<Author>ybgdess
<Content>Great hotel!       Extras  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>CampRanger
<Content>More than Surprised I was a bit worried checking in to this hotel after reading the other reviews. Ended up choosing this over others because of the low rate they were offering at the time and the location. (People should not complain too much if they are paying with a low rate but that's not the point of this review. ) I was ready to be disappointed yet I ended up enjoying my stay here. I joined the hotel membership program prior to reservations and I was definitely welcomed. They even have a sweet turndown service and beverages brought to your room in the morning at the time you specified. It was quiet the whole time I was there. The room was a bit small but it was modern. Good workspace and a place to relax. I wish there were more TV/cable channels to choose from. The breakfast buffet was impressive. And the location is excellent, a block or two from the best restaurants in the city and close to the French Quarter.There were some minor issues like empty small liquor bottle in the trash can under the work desk. When I brought it up to their attention, they offered another room right away, I asked to stay in the same room if they would only remove the trash which they did right away. Friendly staff.The hotel has a lot of possibilities, they just need to be more thorough in doing things. I enjoyed my stay here and would definitely stay here again in the future.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>JOLLYGOLIGHTLY
<Content>Omni loyal guest because... I have come to expect a lot when it comes to Omni properties, and this one was no exception. Ed, the general manager, welcomed us. A plushy room with lovely linens and a huge bathroom, all marble and upscale, awaited us.Service was top-notch, the newly-opened restaurant proved to be a delightful surprise, the bar (wonderful bartender, Layla) is tiny but intimate and elegant.Love the luxurious robes and big fluffy towels.For the money, there is no better choice. Close to everything, friendly and helpful staff. Loved it!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anonymousreviewer10
<Content>Very disappointing If this hotel were billing itself as the equivalent of a Hampton Inn or Quality or something similar, I would give it a good rating. However, this property has no business selling itself as a luxury hotel. The location is great, let's say that. It's on quiet side street across from the Swedish embassy (yes, really). It's a block from the St. Charles streetcar, two blocks from Canal and right off Magazine St. It's a quick walk to the French Quarter or Riverwalk. The building itself is a lovely older structure. The room was impeccably clean, but tiny. The decor was nice enough, but unremarkable. It wasn't luxury by any means, nor was it up to the standards of, say, Loews. It was about what one would find at the Marriott or a nicer Comfort Inn. The health club is a lot worse than what one would find at the Marriott, too. It's almost impossible to find, hidden away behind a door at the end of a hallway on the sixth floor at the end of the rooftop deck. It's advertised as being 24 hours, but when I visited at 5 at night, it was completely dark and desolate--not an attendant anywhere in sight; not even a light on. It didn't seem like a safe place to be alone. Considering they had a grand total of FOUR machines, I guess it wasn't much of a loss. Oh, and that pretty pool, which looks so nice on the hotel's website? It's the width of a single lap lane and about eight feet long. I suppose if you had children you could let them wade but I'm not sure how they can claim this as an actual pool. Then we get to the part where Omni acted like a real low-budget operation: when the clerk attempted to bill my credit card for $125 more than the cost of my stay. When I asked what was going on and the credit card company kicked it back, I was told it was a credit for incidentals that might be run up in the hotel. The charge was NEVER mentioned to me beforehand--not during the booking process, not on Omni's confirmation email to me, not when I was standing in front of the clerk in the lobby, and not on the itemized invoice that I had signed. They also claimed the charge was $50/night...I'm not sure how that worked out to $125 for two nights, but maybe I'm the one with the fuzzy math. I guess Omni just decided to run a random unauthorized charge and then expected me not to notice? I've stayed in hotels all over the world, including some very exclusive properties, and nobody has ever done anything similar. The clerk claimed that any hotel in New Orleans would levy the same charges, which simply isn't true. When I mentioned that I'd stayed in the city before, including the Pontchartrain (my NO hotel of choice before it closed), he insisted I must have paid cash at the other hotels. When I told him I had not, he quickly amended his statement to say it's an Omni policy. If this is truly the case, and it was not simply blatant discrimination on the part of the clerks against a guest who did not appear to be upscale, then Omni needs to actually MENTION IT at some point during the booking process or check-in. It sort of boggles the mind that they itemized the .75 cents for newspaper delivery and somehow forgot this one. I made it clear to the clerks I would not authorize anything above or beyond the cost of my room, and I finally settled the matter, but it left a bad taste in my mouth. I think I could have stayed at the Holiday Inn and had a comparable time. And wow, do I miss the Pontchartrain.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	5	2	1	-1	

<Author>InQueens26
<Content>Nice Hotel       Stand up shower in smaller bathroom  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rivoli_8
<Content>Not for Business Travelers If you need a relatively comfortable place on vacation to tour the French Quarter, this would be a decent choice. Party is non-stop. I think about 10 or 20 years ago, this hotel would be a great choice. But if you are in New Orleans and need to get some work done, stay elsewhere (the W, the Hampton Inn are both better choices).Omni's physical facilities are nice--rooms are spacious, comfortable and the bathrooms are large and nice. Most of the staff is really nice and go out of their way. However, a lot of amenities that you might expect if you travel on business aren't there.No restaurant. No room service if you arrive back from work late and don't want to brave the French Quarter that late. No soda machines. Had to ask for mini-bar key. Maid took robes from the room after the first day (where'd they go?? LOL I don't think this is completely a Katrina issue). Wireless internet stopped working for my Macbook, after 1/2 hour on the phone with their IT hotline no help. No hard-wire substitute Internet available (if you need to get work done, this becomes a real problem). I kept being told the Internet was working (it wasn't working for everyone the way their router was configured), ironically while I was checking out I overheard the desk clerk telling the same thing to another frustrated guest (clue: if your guests are telling you it's not working, it's not working). Would not stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	2	2	1	1	

<Author>Texasbeach1
<Content>Omni a Wonderful Hotel I was a little concerned about this hotel after I booked it. I read some negative reviews before going. I was totally surprised by this place. It was beautiful. The people were extremely helpful and very nice. The room was huge and very nicely decorated. I can't say enough about the comfortable beds...heavenly! The most important thing it was very, very clean. Will most certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>doc_abs
<Content>Great hotel Our stay at Omni Royal Crescent has been wonderful. The staff was nice, the rooms spacious enough for all of us 5 people. The location was also great, just walking distance from the French Quarter, Bourbon Street and the Mississippi. The rooms are clean and well-kept. The breakfast was also nice, and the free internet access is definitely a plus. One comment though, our room had no window on it, but it's just a minor thing. Thanks to everyone at Omni Royal Crescent. We won't hesitate to stay here again should we visit New Orleans again.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>abby152
<Content>Loved the Omni Royal Crescent Reasonable rate with the best service I have ever encountered. Location could not be better for touring the Frech Quarter...we were able to walk to all resturants with in 5-15 minutes. Did not have to drive for 2 days. Room was spacious, comfortable and clean. Highly recommended. $30/ day parking extra but worth it.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>kgrejgeiprjerj
<Content>tiny room with a view of a brick wall I stayed at the Omni for 4 nights while attending a conference. My jacuzzi room was tiny with a bed, dresser and TV. There was not enough space for a desk or chair. The floor to ceiling window faced about 3 feet of dead air space and then a brick wall. I was on the first floor and never saw sun light. The tv remote was missing as was the hair drier. The pool was a dirty hot tub with no jets. The resturant was closed for renovation. The hotel was quiet during the week, but on Friday nights the drunks came singing through the halls every few hours. When I complained to the front desk about the noise, I was brushed off. I would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	4	2	2	3	

<Author>butchiemoleed
<Content>STAFF EXCELLENT, HOTEL FACTS WRONG! First of all Hotwire describes this hotel as having a pool - NOT! It has a very dirty oversized hot tub on the sixth floor. Hotwire says it has a restaurant - NOT! It has a space with tables and chairs for a restaurant, but only offers a continental breakfast - with no utensils available, cereal but only chocolate milk, day old pastry and no service person. We had no air conditioning the day before we left, was finally fixed by bedtime - given it was a Sunday, some consideration, but were told by manager that we could have a 10% discount on return trip - like that would happen. Hotwire does not advertise that it is a non-smoking hotel. Surprise! In the hotels defense, the rooms are small but clean, beds comfortable, quality sheets and down comforter. Towels were nice, but two for two people in hot weather was not enough - especially when the air went out. Hotel staff at front desk were some of the best we have encountered anywhere. One man appeared to have worked two shifts since we saw him in the evening and then again in the late morning. Still pleasant and helpful. Staff aside,we will not be back - not at $209 a night nor at any price.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>sillysully
<Content>Great if you like Stuart Little! Just returned from a long weekend in NOLA and unfortunately stayed at the Omni RC. I used the bathroom at 5 am only to find a mouse frantically running loops around it trying to get out. I began yelling to my husband while putting my feet up on the toilet. He banged on the bathroom door, scaring the little guy, so I could escape to the bedroom. We figured we would call housekeeping at a more reasonable hour to have them take care of it. Well, DH has to use bathroom, so we decide to try to get mouse out of room ourselves. By now he was hidden in rolled towels that are in a basket on floor. Shake him out, hold bathroom and room door open - well, he decides it's too bright in hallway and scurries back under room door and ends up climbing the drapes. Call front desk to tell them situation; guy comes up w/sweeper thinking we meant dead mouse. He told us he would have mgr call when he got in at 7 am. Of course, I cannot get back to sleep, diligently watching floor, see mouse exit room into hallway. 7 am comes and goes, no call from mgr. We called front desk at 8:30, told manager is busy. 9 am - hear from mgr, tell him situation (man w/sweeper must never have shared info) and he offers to move us, but it won't be for a few hours. Finally, after much discussion between DH and I, we decide to stay in this room (only had one more night) figuring mouse could be in any room at this point and where's there's one, well, you know, there's probably a pretty large contingent of them. We ask them to just please really, really clean room, especially bathroom where contained, freaked mouse left droppings. We left and upon returning found droppings still on bathroom floor. Now, droppings were not numerous, but we knew they were there and we knew housekeeping did not sweep or wash floor. We went back down, spoke to manager, who was pleasant and did apologize and said he would see to it that housekeeping would take care of it. Left again, and returned only to find dirty bathroom floor still. I ended up cleaning it myself w/towel - yuck!!!My big issue - manager never checked back in with us and did nothing to compensate us for problems. Also, upon checkout, no apologies, nothing from desk clerk - our situation should have been noted on our ressie! We did not make a big stink, tried to take it all in stride, but in hindsight, maybe we should have been a little less accomodating ourselves. I suspect mgmnt will post a response as they have other to other negative reviews. Looking forward to hearing from you now; however, you were given ample opportunity while we were guests.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	3	1	4	1	-1	

<Author>fast_kar
<Content>Go somewhere else! Stayed here for the Sugar Bowl at a pretty high price - paid double what it normally goes for, I think, but to be expected due to the season. The property is conveniently located about 2 blocks off Canal by Sheraton. But OMG if you want consistent housekeeping service and sleep, don't stay here (or ask for higher floor)! *Had the misfortune of being on the 2nd floor with really thin single-pane windows; you can hear everything going on in the street. Also gets cold/hot depending on the season.*Walls are really thin too so can hear your neighbors in the other room - loudly.*Did not get consistent housekeeping service - they kept forgetting soaps, cups, didn't clean or replace used items. DIDN'T CLEAN OUR ROOM ONE DAY.*Front desk staff not very helpful. The property also didn't have a restaurant but there is a little hole-in-the-wall diner right across the street that opens for breakfast and lunch. Bottom line: go somewhere else if you want to enjoy your stay in NOLA.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>UMICHUsa
<Content>Very good I stayed 3 nights and I really like it. The bedroom was very modern and the bed very nice. The breakfast was very healthful.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lolaz&fadeintoblue
<Content>Absolutely Loved It Don't worry about the mixed reviews, this is a great hotel.The good: Great location just outside of the quarter. Newly remodeled rooms. Huge Bathroom and bathtub. Friendly and attentive staff.The bad: No onsite parking. No onsite restaurant yet (coming soon)We were looking for a romantic weekend getaway and found it at the Omni Royal Crescent. The front desk manager Frank was there to greet us when we arrived early and went to ensure our room was ready himself. This gave us a chance to speak with Cheryl and get the lowdown on the local restaurants etc... Both Frank and Cheryl were incredibly friendly and helpful every time we passed through the lobby Our room was wonderfully quiet and the bed was so comfortable it was hard to leave. The spa tub was deep enough to swim in and everything was clean and fresh. I also want to mention the young lady that works the front desk at night. Unfortunately I can't remember her name. When we called down at near midnight to get a resommendation on food delivery she actually brought some menus up to our room and made suggestions. Now that is service. The only 2 negative experiences were the parking that cost more than the rental car and a fourth desk clerk who obviously hates dealing with people and was openly hostile to hotel guests us included. I won't name her openly and I'm sure the staffing will work itself out as everyone else was so nice. In short I wouldn't hesitate to stay again.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jelaurenzi
<Content>Didn't meet my expectations I stayed at the Onmi Berkshire in Manhattan this spring, and was very excited to stay at another Omni. My room was quite pretty, with large windows, and was booked for only $89 at the hotel website.The front desk was friendly at check-in, and provided me with a city map marked with suggested walking routes on my first afternoon. However, on the first morning, beverage service was late and was only provided for 1 person, not the 2 requested. The cup of coffee was accompanied by packets of non-dairy creamer and sweeteners. I went downstairs and got another coffee from the continental breakfast, and took a milk for the coffees. (The breakfast was more attractive than most, with fruits and cheeses and petits-fours, along with the typical cereals and breads.)When we came in on the second evening, about 9 pm, I wanted to stop at the desk to get a beverage card for the next morning, but no employee was present in the lobby or behind the desk. We called out hello a few times, but got no response. We decided to call down from our room phone, but our keys would not work. Back downstairs, and still no employees. We called the hotel on our cell phone, and on about the 15th ring, 2 people emerged. There was no apology or explanation for the inconvenience, but the employees were still friendly. Our keys were reset and we got a beverage card. Beverage service the 2nd morning was at the time requested, made for 2 people, and they included liquid cream and creamer. (I wrote a request on our beverage card).I wouldn't stay at this hotel again, and if I hadn't had such a wonderful experience at the Berkshire, I wouldn't stay at another Omni.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>queeni814
<Content>It's ok, but nothing special ! Stayed here in July 2007. When we booked, hotel web site had not been updated- all pictures were pre- Katrina ! It did not look like that when we arrived ! I know they are trying to remodel. Room was a bit small but adequate. Bathroom was weird- shower door only covered half the bathtub- so water went all over floor !! Hotel staff was very friendly  helpful . We felt pretty safe walking- not too far from Canal Street. You do better getting advice from the local people on eating places - We loved Deanie's- good food  good price ! All in all I would pay more for a hotel that had better aminites.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Apydazes
<Content>What a find! We loved this hotel. Staff was so friendly and helpful. The lcoation was terrific. Good restaurants near by. Our room on the second floor was really unique....it was a 2 room suite, complete with sunken tub-in one bathroom, marble shower stall in the other. Air conditioning was great. There were no exterior windows in this room-one picture window into the hall, it wasn't an issue. The hot tub and little pool on the roof were fine for an evening dip-We stayed there one month before Katrina hit, and hope they will be opening again soon.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>comfortable My husband and I stayed at this location on June 23, 2005 for three nights. The hotel's staff were helpful. I made one complaint. I needed clean towels that morning. I waited for about an hour, and still no towels. On my way out for my morning outing, I let the staff know that I still did not receive any clean towels and that I had to use the ones from the previous night. I was not happy with that. But, one staff apologized for the inconvience and promise to get them for me by the time I returned. When I retuned, there were clean towels awaiting. The hotel is in a great location; away from the noise, but close enough to the French Quarters. Everything is in walking distance. This hotel is a little outdated and needs to be renovated, but it still was a comfortable place to stay for the price. Yes, I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the value, service was friendly but not accurate Excellent value that we got through Travelocity. Was worried about the equal number of good and bad comments when reviewing trip advisor! The value was EXCELLENT. If you are a service snob and want no lateness or forgetfulness of requests, then you will be disappointed. They always apologized nicely but forgot one wake up call in the afternoon and often forgot the beverage requests in the morning.The room was kept very clean and a note was hand written by the maid for the tips left.The hotel was very nice.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hope2CItAll
<Content>We liked the Omni Royal The hotel was very quiet and the staff was friendly. Location was very good. 2 blocks from the French Quarter, Streetcar, and Harrahs. Rooms were a little on the small side. The pool is not much more that a soaking tub. But there is a hot tub and very nice roof top patio. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jackiew25
<Content>Small, dirty room but friendly service I've never stayed at a bad Omni before and had pretty high expectations. My husband and I were both disappointed with this hotel. Our room was really small, dark and shockingly dirty. We were there for 3 nights and the clean factor never improved. The old feather pillows were uncomfortable and the linens seemed ancient. Someone pulled the fire alarm at 1:30am so the hotel had to be evacuated. Contrary to the photos on the website, the pool and roof terrace are about the size of a postage stamp.All this being said, the front desk service was very friendly, hospitable and helpful. Given the choice, I would not stay here again. It definitely did not live up to its star rating.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service-Just right for NO Stayed at the Omni Royal Crescent February 20-23. My wife and I were plesantly pleased with the accomodations after reading some less than stellar reviews on this site. Upon check in we were put in a suite on the 6th floor-Crazy thing about this room--it had no exterior windows....I didn't mind that at all, as I love a dark room and hate exterior noise. It was perfect! Two bathrooms, a great King bed (very confortable) and a wonderful sitting room. The location to the quarter was perfect...close enough to not be too far away, but far enough away to get out of the hustle and chaos. The service from check in, to check out was outstanding. We can't wait to stay at other Omni hotels in the future...When we return to NO, we will for sure stay here....Outstanding doesn't say enough! Great job Omni Royal Crescent staff, you guys were great!  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! This was a great hotel! The room was clean, had floor to ceiling windows, the noise level was almost non-existent. The hotel staff was very nice and helpful. I received baggage assistance from and to my vehicle. It is a stones throw away from the French Quarter and everything New Orleans has to offer. The only discrepancy I had was the valet parking price. Since the hotel is in downtown New Orleans, there is no free parking. The internet quoted me one price, --- quoted me another, and yet another price was quoted by the front desk at the Omni. A little more consistantcy would not hurt. I had a good nights stay and got my free beverages in the morning for signing up with their Select Guest Program. Well worth the stay!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Near Perfect Great location. Great room. Great rate/value. Easy walk to Jackson Square, Bourbon Street, Harrah's, St. Charles/Canal St./Riverfront streetcars, etc. You're gonna love the rooftop jacuzzi, small pool  fitness center. Only dings are in the otherwise lovely marble bathroom -- wierd shower enclosure and bad lighting. Be sure to join Omni Select Guest program for morning coffee, juice  newspaper.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RemoteControl
<Content>We won't be staying there again I'll start by stating that our trip was during Mardi Gras 2005, so some of the problems we had can be expected. Our group of 2 couples arrived on Thursday evening (around 10:00pm) before Mardi Gras and checked in. The clerk was very nice and the check in was speedy. We had rented a car and were unsure what to do with it, since there is no parking structure for the Omni. He told us that he would call Valet Services and they would come get the car, and that when we needed our car to call the Valet about 10 minutes in advance of needing it. The room itself was very nice - not huge, but plenty for 2 people. The bathrooms are also very nice. No complaints there. The problems started the next day when we had nice, lukewarm water for our shower (in answer to our complaint about the water, we were told that mornings are the biggest drain on the hot water and perhaps we should shower at other times of the day). We called the Valet at 9:30am to bring out car around. At 10:10am it finally showed up. Later that day we received a notice under our door stating that due to the busy season, please be patient with the Valet service and to allow 20-30 minutes for the cars to be brought to to the front. Great - no problem. That afternoon we called at 4:30, so that we could have the car at 5:00. Well, the car finally showed up at 5:30. When we returned that night, there was a notice on the door stating that if we take guests take their cars out of Valet during the day, there may not be room in the lot to take them back at night. This just floored us! If they had told us this when we made the reservation, or even when we checked in, it would have been okay. We spent the rest of our trip parked in a lot 6 blocks away so that we wouldn't have to wait 2 hours to get our car from the Valet. The customer service was miserable when dealing with the hot water and valet problems. In addition, room service was slow and the food was cold. The location is great, and the rooms are nice, but the personnel, water and valet problems were enough to almost spoil our trip. I'm heading back to the W next Mardi Gras.   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Elitefreak
<Content>Omni was terrific - ignore the few bad reviews I was truly bowled over by the Omni. Let me explain that I travel a lot and am not easily impressed. My room (312) was extremely nice - well decorated, great bathroom amenities (and pink marble), phone in bathroom, speaker in bathroom so you can hear TV, FREE wireless internet, free bathrobes, chocolates on your pillow at night, etc, etc. When I called for a wakeup call, they ask would you like a followup call 15 minutes later? (kind of like a sleep alarm clock - what a nice touch!). TIP: Join the Omni guest program and you will be given door tags that entitle you each AM to one hot and one cold beverage (served on a nice tray and either delivered inside your room or left outside after a knock - with your paper). The location is right in the middle of the action - only a few minutes walk to casino, Bourbon St., etc. I will definitely be staying at the Omni the next time I am in New Orleans.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad - Not an 'Omni' hotel My wife and I reserved a room here for two nights based on staying at Omni in San Antonio, which we love. This hotel really doesn't live up to their name. We drove into N.O. around 9PM and asked the front desk for a good restaurant recommendation. They told us about a place that was 5 blocks through dark alleys. When we got there, the place was shut down and in a bad neighborhood. So we decided to walk back and get room service. They said they had 24 hour room service, but every time we called the lady put us on hold indefinitely. Finally she told me she was closed. After argueing with the front desk, they went and talked to her. She finally brought up food and said Next time you come earlier! I'm like WHAT? Anyway, I could go on, but the walls are paper thin, area is BAD but close to French Quarter (only plus). We asked to leave early and checked into the W Hotel which was awesome. Stay away from this Omni!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>harleyguy
<Content>BAD hotel Having stayed there in middle october probaly would not return. I asked for the complimentary robe never received it after 4 tries. The elevator sounds like its in your room. No resturant except asian no giftshop beleive me its not worth the savings, stay close to harrahs your next to everything or maybe stay at harrahs. Had a great time in new orleans lil dirty, and why the liquor stores on the main street. Is there anywhere i can go where i dont get accosted by panhandlers and bums?? This omni hotel is a loser forget about the boutigue experiance it BAD full monty for us from now on  
<Date>Nov 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>bliss I cannot wait to return. My visit to New Orleans was one I will never forget. My room, nestled into the hotel's center, with no windows allowed me to sleep like a baby. I was greeted with coffee in the morning, and chocolate on my pillow in the evening. The hotel's location allowed me to take in the city of New Orleans and then escape it- all with a hotel key.The little touches made the big hotel a five star act. The service didn't hurt either- I will recommend the Omni Royal Crescent again and again.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Liked the Omni Royal Crescent We just stayed at the Omni Crescent Hotel. We loved it. The service was excellent, very friendly. Our room was big, comfortable and clean. We would request a room higher than the 2nd floor next time, the noise level was pretty high. It is in a great location.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kahluacreme
<Content>I must go back !! I am just returning from a three nights stay at this hotel with my aunt and we absolutely loved it. It was clean, cozy and the staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful. Katina at the front desk welcomed us with pleasant conversation and a smile. James also helped us with our last minute tour reservations. I have never been treated with so much genuine hospitality at a hotel before, and I travel quite a bit.Our room was nice. Small, but who cares? I went with my aunt. (smile) We thought that we might hear a lot of noise from next door, but it was quiet. We did visit the rooftop pool and hot tub every night and enjoyed it because it was small but still not crowded. We got the opportunity to meet some very nice people who also had high regards for the hotel. One guy said that this hotel is the only place he would stay and he visits New Orleans at least twice a year. The location is perfect. It is close enough to walk to the famous Bourbon Street but far enough to get away from it all when you want to relax. I could go on talking about how much I liked this hotel, but I'll end it here. I recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disapointed I reserved a room for the Esscence Festival and theroom was canceled for no good reason and whenI arrived all they told me was amistake was madeand the hotel was sold out and the city was sold out and me and my family drove for 7 hours and they were sorry but it was nothing that could be done until7/05/04 and this was 7/02/04 i will never use this hotel again poor service  
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Much Improvement Needed We stayed at the Omni Royal Crescent in April 2004. The room was small and due to the location of the Hotel, there are no views. We experienced a few service let downs during the stay. One completely missed wake-up call (forgot to run the clock..whatever that means), one late wake-up call. A half full cup of beer showed up on a table outside the elevator...no big deal this is N.O., but we were amused that it didn't move for 3 days. How many maids, bellhops, staff must have walked past without any attempt to clean-up? The lobby and halls have a nice apprearance. Not a bad hotel...not a great one either.   
<Date>May 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expected Better for the Price We stayed here for four nights during the last week of April, 2004. We chose this hotel based mainly upon the other reviews posted here. We made our reservation in January for an April stay. We wanted to book a deluxe room, but our stay was during Jazz Fest and there were none available, so we got a jacuzzi room instead, which cost considerably more. We paid $179 per night. For the price, I expected more and was disappointed. We were on the second floor and and the window in our room faced a brick wall. That was our only view. We couldn't see a thing from our window. A couple of times we wanted to know whether it was raining outside, and my husband actually went down to the lobby to take a look out the front door! I really feel we should have been told about this particular aspect of the room when making the reservation. For the price paid, I would have turned it down. My other major complaint is the lighting over the bathroom sink. Although it was a very large luxurious marble bathroom, the only lighting over the sink area was provided by two very dim wall sconces. I could not see very well to put on makeup, etc. The other areas of the bathroom were well lit (a recessed light over the toilet area and one over the jacuzzi tub), but not the sink area. The room itself had fairly dim lighting, too, but not as bad as that sink area! Also, everything the other reviewers said about the paper- thin walls is absolutely true. On the positive side, the location of this hotel is great (close walking distance to the French Quarter) and all employees we encountered were friendly and helpful. However, we would not choose this hotel again because of the reasons mentioned above. For the price we paid, it wasn't worth it.  
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>worthwhilegirl
<Content>Great location, paper thin walls My husband  I stayed here for part of our honeymoon. The staff was plesant  helpful. The location is great (just a few blocks away from the french quarter  just 2 blocks from the st. charles street car). It was a little hard to find (we drove) and you have to park on the street in front  leave your car til the valet comes. Parking is $20.00 per day but you can come  go as you please for that price. We asked for a quiet room  while it was small we were pleased. It had a beautiful bathroom  was very cozy but elegant. My only complaint was the paper thin walls. Our second night there we had a group of college kids move in next door  they partied all night  well into the next afternoon. It took a number of complaints  a very sleepless night but the hotel moved us (we also got an upgrade) but had it been sold out we would have been out of luck. So beforwarned that you might hear all of your neighbors conversations as well as extracurricular activities if you choose this hotel. Overall it was a very good experience.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay we stayed at the omni royal crescent for 3 nights and it was a great place overall. the staff was extremely friendly, the hotel was located close to the f.q. and downtown in an area that we found to be safe walking to day/night, and the room was clean and comfortable. we really enjoyed the rooftop deck, which was only used by a few other people while we were there. the rooms are a little small, but it's an old building, so that is to be expected. there are no vending machines in the hotel, so if you want a soda or something, buy it before you get back to the hotel - otherwise you have to over-pay to get it out of the hotel mini-bar.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>can't believe my luck After extensive research, I decided to spend my well deserved vacation at the Omni Royal in the heart of the French Quarter. I couldn't believe my luck! It proved to be the best choice! I was able to see other hotels that were options and clearly the Omni Royal was the right choice.The staff and servive was excellent! The food terrific, the ambience special and the location...can't beat it! I'll definately be returning!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>1st year anniversary trip We visited New Orleans for our 1st anniversary (11-22/23-03). We booked a deluxe 1-king/jaccuzi room via the Omni corporate site. We checked in without issue but found that the room did not have a Jacuzzi and the heater was broken. After haggling with the front-desk, we were upgraded to a suite. Great right? Not really. The bed was hard as a rock with worn-out pillows and the air conditioner was either too cold or hot. The best part of the room was the large bathroom with Jacuzzi. We made the most of it. We had similar room issues last year (Dec-02) and decided to give the hotel another chance based on its location. We visit New Orleans twice a year and will not consider this hotel in the future.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

