<Author>scratch1927
<Content>A Must - if you get a good deal Christmas in New York - Expectation were highArrived late ( 12.45am) after a long flight. Check-in was so smooth, reception staff couldn't do enough for us. We had asked for a fridge in our room (which can be requested F.O.C). This they sent up as soon as we arrived.Knowing that Tea/Coffee making facilities where not available in the room we packed a kettle. So on arrival we asked for some milk and the bar staff fell over themselves to accommodate our request.The room was very clean (just a little dated) the beds were so comfortable we didn't want to get out of them.There is a very good deli next door where you can buy breakfast / Salads, very good sandwiches  cakes. Great to take up to room after a long day walking around New York.24hr Pharmacy (sells all sorts) just on the corner.You can easily walk to Times square (10 - 15 mins) and the metro is just 2 mins, which will take you all over (at a very good price of $24 for the week).If I had one criticism it would be the restaurant. Food poor  costly, staff require more customer Service training.Oliver Tree (Time Square) for an Italian meal is a must. Quality food at a very reasonable price. Staff lovelyWe are looking forward to going back next year!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>ukTraveller54
<Content>Enjoyable Stay Had a very good stay over Christmas. Nice clean comfortable room with side view of the empire state building. Good value for money. Only thing wasn't keen too on was the location, for me it was a bit too far from the places where i wanted to go.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Racquel1982
<Content>Impressed with this hotel We were really impressed with our stay at the New York Helmsley, considering the price we paid! The rooms were clean and spacious and the staff were really friendly. The bar in the hotel was quite small but the food was really good and reasonably priced. The hotel is in a good location with a subway nearby and a 10-15 min walk to 5th Ave, Central Park and Times Square. There were plenty of restaurants nearby, 24 hour pharmacy and a few shoe shops.I would definately stay there again  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Erin_Dan
<Content>Average Stay at the Helmsley Our arrival at the Helmsley was at about midnight and after 8hrs on a plane, were looking forward to getting to the hotel and grabbing a coffee or a bite. From outside it looks like something out of a film, very bling, if not a bit seventies.Arriving at the hotel: the doorman let us struggle through the door with our own bags, not a great start, and the woman behind the desk acted most upset that she had to deal with some customers. Her manner was poor, bordering on rude, when she laid down the law about how she would charge my credit card for potential damage to the room which, she was eluding to, was the 'approval' to see if the credit on the card was good. My faith in the hotel was falling.We asked if we could get a drink.... No was the answer. The bar was shut, room service was closed too and she didn't know of anywhere nearby to get a drink at that hour. By the way, we'd visited NYC before and knew that there would be somewhere - we just didnt know where in that neighbourhood and found somewhere a few days later.Our first room on the 19th floor, was cold, had broken heat, an even more broken door lock that took many to open (we went down to reception and it took 15min for anyone to show). The room was okay - broken hairdrier, good view, nice TV, great bed, though it was a little shabby. A call down to reception about the heat was ignored.Next morning we showered, in the cold (it was 13F outside so the room wasn't much more) and headed down to reception. We complained and was told that these issues would be resolved immediately. They weren't. Most of the reception staff didn't care and had to look up simple info like when the bar was supposed to be open etc.It took several more calls and a final visit to reception when the issue was finally escalated and we were moved to the 31st floor to a better (less broken) but smaller room with a better view.The new room solved most of the issues, though the doorlock was still intermittently faulty - a fault most of the other guests we spoke to seemed to agree with. The director also kindly sent a bottle of bubbly to try make it right which we appreciated and went some way to salvaging our trip.To be honest, we were so tired of complaining that we left the remaining issues outstanding as it was really spoiling our trip.Room service was dire at all times. Always at least 35+ minutes if you wanted just a coffee (no facilities in the room) and the bar regularly didnt have coffee (this is NYC for Christ's sake!). Lucky there were 2 starbucks within a block or two though it was very dissapointing not to be able to have breakfast in bed a couple of times or at least a drink before setting out.If you have to stay here, I'd recommend the mini market on 2nd ave (right out of the hotel, right again onto second and it's on the right). And for breakfast - also on Second Ave - the Townhouse Cafe had the NICEST staff and the food was great value. On the left hand side, a couple of blocks down on the left hand side of second.Conclusion. Wouldn't stay here. The Helmsley wasn't cheap and last year we paid a little more for the Hilton Times Square which was light years better in terms of facilities and service. Unless there's big improvements, I won't be staying here again.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>ma1979tt
<Content>A great Base but..... On arrival we were very impressed, the location is great. And the frontage is impressing. I took my case out of the taxi, did the hotel help? did they [----]. Me and my 8 month pregnant wife hauled our bags in with no offer of assistance. despite a previous email asking for a high floor we were given 4th. I complained and was given 26th, very nice. Be aware the glass in the helmsley is paper thin, my wife needed ear plugs. Then we thought wed have a drink, bug mistake, 3 shots of whisky and a soda water and an hour later, $50!!!!!! $8 per half pint!! in short a great local, a nice hotel, clean and spacious rooms, bit avoid that bar!, unless you want to remortgage your house.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Raz868
<Content>Great hotel in great location I stayed here with my girlfriend for one week in mid december. We absolutely loved the stay here, apart from a few hassels with the room(which I will get to later). Location of this hotel is so great, in east midtown on a busy street(42th) with aprox 15-20 min walk to times square and 25-30 min walk to central park. The hotel is right next to Chrysler Building and Grand Central Terminal, which is great for the subway (which we didnt use much of, instead we walked pretty much everywhere, location being so convenient)Our room was very huge and just great; we had two double beds (the biggest and most comfortable beds ever), a near spotless bathroom with a huge bathtub, a flat screen tv, and big windows which made the room well lit up. We did however had some issues though; there was a problem with the toilet and upon arrival the windows couldn't be sealed shut, resulting in some noise from traffic the first night, even being on 33rd floor(im a very light sleeper). The next day we spoke to reception and there was a guy to help us in 5 minutes. People at front desk were very kind, helping with all kind of questions. Very nice.There was a restaurant at the hotel that looked nice; we never tried it though as we always ate out. Same with breakfast, we took food from PAX next door(cheap and good) to our hotel room, or went to Pershing Square (not cheap but good) right opposite Grand Central Terminal. Pershing Square also had good valuable lunch and dinner. There's also a good mexican restaurant near the hotel which is recommended; it's called El Rio Grande and it's on 38th street just off 3th ave.I highly recommend this hotel for it being so good located, the friendliness of the staff and the cleanliness and high standard of the rooms. Me and my girlfriend had our best vacation in NY and hope to return; there were simply so many things that we didnt have time to do while there, new york city truly is an amazing place.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>LillianLM
<Content>Excellent value I booked this hotel a few weeks ago on hotels.com, with a rate of $200 plus taxes, which is an unbelieveable rate for the weekend before Christmas (which is actually a sad indication of the state of the economy). The location was very good, although I prefer to stay closer to 5th Avenue but at this room rate, I happily walked. The room was relatively big for a Manhattan hotel room and very clean. The furnishing were a bit outdated but the bed was terrific, with excellent linens. I felt secure -- after 9 pm you must show your room key to security before getting onto the elevator. We were directed by the dorrman to an inexpensive Greek diner for breakfast called Joe's, on the corner of 2nd Avenue and 44th street (2 1/2 blocks from the hotel), Check-out was a breeze and we had no problems leaving our luggage with the bellman for 5 hours after checking out while we walked around. Extremely polite staff -- all in all, an excellent stay.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Jimbob72
<Content>Second visit, even better than the first       View from hotel room.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>dhbrose
<Content>Great Time In NYC Stayed Dec 7  8, 2008. Booked a double-double using a Travelzoo discount code for $259+taxes/night. So at this rate it was a great value and a great location. We were provided a south facing room on the 32nd floor. Staff was great. Only minor complaint was the parking. We had phoned ahead and were told by reservations staff that hotel parking was $45/day. Turned out to be $51. Should have gotten car out immediately but was too tired. Discovered there were several garages behind the hotel in the $35-40 range. Told front desk staff that since the valet parking is not part of the hotel they should advise guests of the lower cost alternatives.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>G0retti
<Content>Was not disappointed Just back from 6 nights at this hotel and have to say it came up to my expectations of a good quality hotel. The lobby area when you come in first was very impressive, porters very attentive and girls on reception very friendly. The plush red carpet and the carpeting throughout the hotel was excellent. The rooms were upmarket, and I felt like I was being pampered staying at this hotel.I stayed on the 8th floor and found the room very comfortable, heating just right. We could turn it off if we got too hot by a switch on the wall and we could open the window if we needed fresh air.I never heard any traffic or noise as I slept at night, as reported by others on this site. My daughter and son were staying on the street side of the hotel and they had the same experience.Now the only thing I did not like was the food, but that was not particular to this hotel. The dining room had a nice ambience though and the waiters very professional. I found that most of the food in New York was greasy, heavy and sickening.The location is very central and I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel to my friends and would certainly go back again.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Daliada
<Content>Loved it! Great great great! We found a great rate at hotels.com. The hotel is very nice, the room we had was huge with two double beds, the bathroom was big an clean, the towels were changed every day. The decoration is updated but who cares when you are in New York! Just 200 mts from Grand Central and a few minutes from 5th avenue. The 42 st is very nice and you have a lot of shops and restaurants around. It is not in the middle of everyhting but it is in a nice walking ditance to everywhere. The service at the reception was also very good, why didn't try the restaurants as they were overpriced. Get comfy shoes and start walking the big apple!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>UKLucy_8
<Content>Great Location Stayed at the Helmsley on a 7 night girls holiday to New York. We booked this hotel after reading reviews on trip advisor and were not disappointed. The best part of this hotel was its location. We were a couple of hundred metres from Grand Central Station where you can get the subway or a quick bite to eat. There is good deli right next door to the hotel which did lovely bacon and egg rolls. For a more formal breakfast there is a sit down restaurant directly opposite Grand Central Station. I can recomend the New Yorker breakfast. The hotel is only a 15mins walk from the Empire State Building, and about the same to Times Square. The hotel itself is clean and friendly. Four of us stayed in one room and had plently of space. We had 2 queen size beds in the room which were big enough to share. There was a safe in the wardrope and radio which we could dock with our ipod. There was a hairdryer in the bathroom which was fine, and UK GHD hair straightners worked fine. The only thing we found a bit awkward was the fact that the only miror by a plug socket was in the bathroom, so with four girls getting reading at the same time there was a bit of waiting around. But this was not really a big problem. Drinks are fairly expensive in the hotel bar, about $7.5 for a beer, $8.5 for a vodka and coke and $9.5 for a baileys (thats without tax or tip). There is a 24 hour chemist a few doors down from the hotel and plenty of banks on the walk from the hotel to Grand Central Station. I would recommend buying a tour bus ticket from the hotel. We got an all loops tour for $49 which lasts for 48hours. We did the downtown loop where we saw the Empire State Building, Flatiron building, Ground Zero, China Town, South Street Sea Port etc. We walked across the Brooklyn Bridge and picked up the Brooklyn Tour bus. The only problem was that we could not find the bus stop and got lost in the wrong area! Eventually we caught the bus along Cadmen Plaza West at Clark Street. We also did the uptown loop which took us around Central Park and Harlem. For a bit of fun you can wave at the earth cam outside TGI Fridays on Times Square so people back home can see you. Best highlights apart from shopping were: Empire State Building, Statue of Liberty, Top of the Rock at night, watching the Little Mermaid on Broadway and ice skating in Central Park. The hotel was in a great location to fit all of this in comfortably.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>DunKev
<Content>Wonderful Hotel My wife and I recently stayed for a weekend at the New York Helmsley and were extremely happy with our choice. The service was excellent (friendly, efficient and accommodating). We had a large, comfortable and clean room on the 40th floor with a great view of the Chrysler Building. Overall - excellent location, service, accomodations and value!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kathysa
<Content>nice hotel We (2 adults, 2 kids) stayed here the night after Thanksgiving. A nice hotel, friendly staff. Our room had 2 double beds and was a decent size room by NYC standards. I'd stay here again and would also recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SouzRi
<Content>great Thanksgiving getaway We just returned from a two night stay at the NY Helmsley. My husband, 2 children and I came into the city to see the Macy's Parade.The hotel was a good location especially if you come into Grand Central Station. It is about a 15-20 minute walk to Times Square.The staff was very helpful, polite and efficient. The room was clean and decent size for 4 people. The only complaint was that the room was a little warm and there seemed to no way to cool it down unless we opened the window. Also, we did hear street noise which was surprising because we were on the 26th floor. overall we were pleased with the hotel and would stay again if we could get the same special rate.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Oz1Sydney
<Content>The Helmsley really grew on us! Just be aware that there seem to be different grade rooms available. We checked in after midnight and were told there were no King deluxe rooms available, despite requesting and paying for one in advance. The room we were given, on the 16th floor was very disappointing. It had 2 double beds and the decor was very tired. None of the features listed in the hotel guide were there - no flat screen tv, no robes, no safe, although there was a small fridge in the bathroom(!) The carpet was dirty and very stained and the pillows smelt old and smoky. There were no glasses, just plastic cups. This just didn't feel right?!The next morning we asked to change rooms. The lady on reception was very friendly and helpful. We were moved to the 22nd floor and the room was a 100% improvement - clean, spacious and very comfortable.Although the decor is in a bit of a 1980s timewarp, the Helmsley is a great hotel. It's in a good location, with a comfortable bar area and good cafes and restaurants just a short stroll away.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>JackpotJToronto
<Content>Cozy and nice I had a room with two beds. The room was spacious and cozy.The bathroom was elegant and clean.Staff was very friendly at all times.Right next to Grand Central Station.Breakfast place right next door that serves healthy sandwiches, fresh orange juice and fresh baked goods.Our room didn't have a fridge though.Compared to other hotels I've stayed at in New York this was one of the better ones.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LovelyLadyLondon
<Content>Brilliant! My friend and I visited the Helmsley as a bit of a girlie holiday. We were a little dubious at first as we got a really good deal and assumed that there must be a reason for it! We were wrong. I emailed in advanced and asked for a high level room and got an email back straight away saying our request had been acknowledged. We arrived early and our request had been accepted and we went staright to our room, which was a great start. Rooms are clean and basic (and floral!!). The bathrooms are a little dated, we infact debated whether there were supposed to be art deco fittings or whether had had just been left since the hay days.To be fair we didnt spend much time in the hotel, but what we did we enjoyed. Majority of the staff were really great, except one of the receptionist who always looked me up and down and had a very snotty attitude whenever I spoke to here. We always had breakfast nextdoor, great little place for the morning bagel and orange juice!All in all we had a fab time, hotel is in great location and the majority of staff were very friendly. I would def recommend and I will def be coming back to this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>skibb
<Content>Good Hotel, Friendly reception staff Stayed last weekend for Marathon, found all the public areas to be very clean and modern and the reception staff were very friendly on arrival and departure, as with other reviewers i found the bedrooms old fashioned but at all times they were kept clean and in good condition. i stayed on the 12th floor and could hear traffic noise clearly each night. overall i had a good experience here and left with a posative impression of the Helmsley.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>gary1987
<Content>The New York Helmsley       veiw  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BOHSMAN
<Content>GREAT LOCATION This was our second visit to the New York Helmsley, and our first with kids. I had e-mailed the reservations dept in advance requesting a high floor room and this was granted. We had a room on the 29th floor which was of an sufficient size for our needs. Only problem was that it was impossible to cool, even withthe air con to minimum, or windows open ( with air con off . We did'nt eat in the hotel restaurant as we felt that breakfast in PAX diner next door was better value and also a real NYC experience ( NEXT!!!!!!! ). We ate in HARRYS BAR at lunchtime once and would have done so again except the portions are quite large which did'nt leave much room for dinner at night. that said, everyone was very happy with their food. The fries are to die for --- nicest i've tasted in a while. At night, the lobby/ bar area can be quite cold due to the constant pedestrian traffic through the doors. This hotel is superbly located, being approx 5mins walk from Grand Central Station, and we would certainly stay here again. Also, i had read on these pages about the supposed attitude of the security people at the lift area at night but our experience was that these guys were very friendly, polite, a reassuring presence, etc., We will be back.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Phil2016
<Content>Great location; showing its age       Entry Foyer (3719)  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>alelol
<Content>classy , clean and helpful staff       outside the hotel  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>THETRUEMEZ
<Content>The best in New York!! When we were planning our trip to New York we were very apprehensive BUT this Hotel is absolutely the best place to stay. The rooms are very spacious and all appear to have been refurbished to a high standard. The bed is huge and super comfortable, pillows great, air conditioning and heating [all through one unit] was great too.The bathroom gives you choice of tub or shower and the towels are high quality. The room has a safe and hair dryer and 'his and hers' dressing gowns and if you request it, they will send a refrigerator up to you room and set it up [invaluable for your bottled water, beer/wine for the room]. Once your reservation is confirmed send them and email request for the refrigerator before you travel and it will be on their system when you check in. They do not provide tea or coffee making facilities but room service will provide this for you all day long and not expensive. We were on the 29th floor and there was virtually zero traffic/horn blowing noise. The lifts are high speed and with six lifts runnig all the time, you have no waiting about, even on a busy check out period. We had booked an Executive King Room through 'Hotels.com' but you can book direct through the Hotel too. The staff are excellent in every respect. The bell hops are cheary guys and whilst you need to tip them all, it is part of the New York experience. A guy called Bernado checked us in and he was mega polite and helpful; but so was every member of hotel staff that we spoke to. They gave us a voucher for a free bottle of wine if we dined in the Hotel Restaurant, which we did on the first night and the ambiance and food in the restaurant was superb; The food was excellent and we both went for the New York stripp steak-one cooked medium and one well done and they were both cooked to perfection. The free bottle of wine was a superb bottle of Chardonnay [there was a choice] and it was not expensive in our view.The Restaurant Captain was very attentive and a most pleasant guy with a good sense of humour.The concierge was excellent and advised on all local restaurants/ Diners and sight seeing and marked up maps for you- we went one evening to 'O'Niels Irish Bar and Restaurant' a stroll from the Hotel and had a great evening there and had Dublin Bangers with Mash and Onions and it was great -very reasonably priced BUT very busy in the dining area -all the food that we saw served up looked super.Back at the hotel, the concierge checked out our train departures for Long Island and were most helpful.The Helmsley Hotel is located at 212 East 42nd Street and it was, in our view, a super location to get around. Checking out was also a painless experience.SO, IF YOU ARE GOING TO NEW YORK DEFINATELY STAY HERE- IT IS BRILLIANT!!A couple of other things you might find of assistance:Getting a cab between 4pm and 8pm can be a pain but be patient. DO NOT take a non yellow cab-plenty of Lincoln type cars will stop and wave a taxi card at you but these are unregulated in New York and are not recommended to use as you can get ripped off big time. The yellow cabs are pretty cheap [compared to London Black Cabs]If you are going to New York for the first time, mixing sight seeing and shopping is a mighty task to undertake and you are on the go every hour of every day; if you can, spread it over 4 days minimum and it is then both manageable and enjoyable that way. We highly recommend the Gray Lines open top Red Buses which are 'hop on hop off' BUT buy the tickets on line first as it is cheaper [from the UK anyway] We paid $44 each for a 2 day pass which was great value and gave us 48 hour access to the three loops. These were 'Uptown loop' [Central Park and Harlem etc]'Downtown Loop' which covers all the rest of NY Sights and then the 'Brooklyn loop' but we did not go on this last loop due to lack of time [needed an extra day for this really]. The ticket also included the night tour which is NOT hop on hop off. Once on it, it lasts about 2 hours seeing the NY Skyline lit up. With the Gray Lines 48 hour ticket you also get a free ticket for the NY Water taxis so you can get over to see the Statue of Liberty. BE AWARE that you will queue for these buses but it only takes a 20 to 30 minute wait max and you get on -everybody wants to be on the top deck of course so it takes a while for the buses to get around through traffic -there are other bus service providers but Gray Lines are the best. We do recommend that you take the Staten Island ferry -it's free and you get the best views of Manhattan and Ellis Island and the Staue of Liberty and it only takes 20 minutes each way with the boats running all the itmeALSO, if you want theatre tickets DO NOT book these at home. Go to the Marriot hotel in Times Square and go the the ticket office there as the tickets are half price.If you want to go up the Empire State Building, get there for 9.30 or 10am or you will dislike the queues and crowding- early is the very best time to visit and worth the money for the experience and the view. GIRLS -if you want UGG Boots there is a shop called DAVID Z.COM yards from the Empire State [there are a few in NY-check it out on line before you travel] and they have a great selection PLUS they do the Classic tall boot for $167 INC TAX and this is about $40 cheaper than Bloomingdales.Also, if the GUYS like Cons or Vans, these are cheap here too -Converse about $43 INC TAXIf you want super cheap designer gear you MUST go to 'CENTURY 21' which is opposite Ground Zero/World Trade Centre site. Top designers really really cheap BUT be warned it is VERY busy in there with serious buyers. IF you are travelling on Long Island, we recommend both the LIRR Railway [you get it from Penn Station under Madison Square Garden] -it is very clean and safe as every train has guards/ticket collectors and it is easy to use. It runs ON TIME!! Also, if you want to see Long Island [if you are going up to the Hamptons] try the 'Hampton Jitney' -a luxery coach and whilst twice the train fare, it is very efficient and good views.Check it out on line for time of trains and buses -it's dead easy and again, they ALL run on time.If you do go up to Montauk, at the tip of Long Island, check out the light house and the local views BUT for the best dining go to the 'HARVEST ON FORT POND' this is a real food experience. Not only is this a superb restaurant and very nice ambiance, the food is very different is two respects - Firstly, the food is most excellent in every way but Secondly, this is a 'family meal restaurant' which means that when you order sometihng a HUGE PORTION arrives and it is for the family to share -it is not recommended to try this restaurant unless there is a minimum of Four or you will need to take away a dooggie bag [or doggie carrier bag]. This goes for all items on the menu, so when you see a Pizza for $17 DO NOT think it is for one -it is HUGE. Again, if you are going to Long Island make a day to visit a TANGER OUTLET [we went to the RIVERHEAD Location] - this is dying and going to shopping heaven and ALL at major discounts and I kid you not on that one!!! BUT BE WARNED - It is massive in size and it will take you all day to get around it -plently of choice to eat in the food court though. We recommend a car to get to this place by the way and it is a LONG WAY from central New York and not a a day trip.Well, we hope that helps any of you that have hotel choice concerns and especially if it is your first trip to New York. It is a great place to visit BUT if you do not plan it properly, it could be a nightmare -SO spend some time on the internet and plan your trip -REMEMBER to take trainers or good walking shoes because NY is vast and what seems short on the map is not quite as short as you think it is. Last thing if you live in the UK -get the 'AA Guide to New York' -easy to carry and invaluable -it was the best thing we invested in and a week or so pre-read helped us plan a memerable trip.GOOD LUCK  HAVE FUN!!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CopenhagenKad
<Content>Not bad Professional and friendly staff. Check-in easy and effective. Late check out made possible. Very good location. Good bar. Food is not worse it. For breakfast I reccommend PAX deli next door. The desk in the room was a bit small. The power outlets where hangin out of the wall. Room was too old - needs to be renovated.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	-1	4	3	

<Author>Wisali
<Content>Very Very Nice ! This is our first visit to New York, amazing city. Our experience was enhanced by the Helmsley hotel which was well worth it, in terms of service provided and the value for money. It`s location is excellent, a walking distance to the 5th avenue, time square, broadway and central park. There is a good bus service as well as underground links which takes you north and south of the city. The staff were very helpful and friendly and they walk that extra mile to help you as much as they can. I would highly recommand this hotel and will definitely stay there again. We paid around $400 / night including all taxes.Please feel free to contact me if you need any help before your trip to new york. I will be very happy to help.Hope you enjoy your stay too.ThanksWisam AliLondon  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mickosull
<Content>Perfect Location for the sights Stayed for 4 nights in august 2008 with my wife and 10 year old son, We had 2 doublebeds, and a fab view, this hotel is perfect for your average tourist, This is my first time back in new york for 20 years and my family has never been. it is 10 min walk from time square and broadway. 2-3 min walk from central station and 30 secs - 1 min from the cryslar building. very clean and staff very helpfull. we found the security very reassuring as my wife was a little nervous with  The big city  . A+ all round.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Helena Traveler
<Content>Very nice hotel Walking into the New York Helmsley is like walking back into the 80's. This hotel is well taken care of and has been well cared for throughout the years. Although a bit warn on the edges, the room are large for New York Hotels and if you are lucky you'll have a fantastic view of the river or Empire State Building (or both as we did).The carpet in our room had a few stains but the beautiful, clean, bright bathrooms and the new flat screen TV made up for that. I got a great price on this room directly from the hotel website about 2 months in advance. Located only 1 block from Grand Central it is in a very central location. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	-1	4	4	-1	

<Author>d00ley2
<Content>Amazing stay in an amazing hotel!! We stayed at the New York Helmsley in February this year for my Birthday. From the first look at the hotel as we got out of the yellow cab was wow. We was very impressed with the Staff, Room, Cleanliness  location. I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelDrew
<Content>If you want a great hotel, this ISN'T it! The New York Helmsley may have been a nice hotel at one time, but that time is long gone. This is a worn and tired hotel, with old rooms, old carpet, old painting, and old bedding. While the newish flat screen TV in the rooms may convince some that this is a modern hotel, it serves the same function as lipstick on a pig.The hotel staff was, quite frankly, rude. My wife and I checked in, unfortunately, at the same time a large group was checking out. Instead of attempting to help the group, or individual travelers such as my wife and I, many members of the hotel staff decided to hide in their glass enclosed offices. When I confronted one, asking for help, he responded, I'm busy. Then went to play with something on his computer screen. Check-in took more than 20 minutes. Several times during our stay, the keycard reader for our room became inoperable, requiring a trek down to the main lobby (40 floors down), to have a new key issued. This is unacceptable in a major hotel.Checkout was also no breeze. The rate charged was HIGHER than the rate initialed at check in. The manager denied the rate was different, but upon my demand that she find the paper that I initialed, she admitted that there was a mistake. Be warned: look very closely a the rate your initialing. This hotel seems to play fast and loose with rates. Bottom line: I would NOT recommend this hotel to anyone. It needs to be renovated, and the staff needs to be overhauled.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>catwoman04
<Content>bell boy attitude we have just returned from a 1 week stay in new york staying at the new york helmsley. a great hotel within walking distance of the empire state building, central park, great shops, chrysler builder, united nations, grand central station and times square. the room was excellent and the staff were always polite and helpful. although we only ate once in the restaurant the food was good we used the deli next door (pax) and the food area in grand central station. the only one problem we had was on our last day when we checked out and we put our luggage in a secure room the bell boy on duty that morning must have got out of bed on the wrong side because he had a serious attitude and was quite rude. we were going to tip him on our return, but he made it quite clear he wanted a tip there and then we have no problem tipping its all part of a visit to america, he even asked what time we would be returning for our cases is this because he wanted another tip, luckly he wasn't on duty when we got back and we we dealt with a much nicer bell boy. apart from this one problem we would stay again and would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting new york.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kabergin2
<Content>Lovely hotel. Great location for tourists. We are a family of 4 (inc 2 teens) who stayed a week at the New York Helmsley recently. We found it to be very comfortable and well located for day trips as many of the tourists spots are well within walking distance. Also the train station is only a couple of blocks away. The area is very safe at night and not too noisy if you stay in a higher floor room.We found the hotel staff courteous and friendly and would be happy to stay here again.The Pershing Square diner about two blocks to the left when you leave the hotel is a great spot for breakfast. Pax deli next door to hotel is good too, and cheaper, but too few seats in it when its busy.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>baldyman
<Content>very good but a very rude and aggressive bell boy Stayed here twice during our last jaunt. Look the hotel is fine and is in a brill location. Check in was excellent as were the girls on the desk when checking out.The only gripe we had was the tipping thing. Be careful here as they have outside staff and inside staff. When you want your bags collected they send a bell boy to collect them. However they cannot take them outside. That is another bell boys job. Also they have other porters to call a taxi for you. So it can be expensive tipping here. We made the ultimate sin and forgot tip the outside porter to which he opened the door and informed us that 鈥淗ey ive just loaded you up鈥?he was rude and shouting. Not very nice as it was a shame as we loved this hotel and one individual spoilt it for the rest  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jerome_worcester
<Content>Great hotel, Fantastic location We booked this hotel based mainly on the comments from this websitre but were not 100% sure due to some negative comments.When we arrived there, everything was great. the room was all we wanted, very clean, all you need was there and a great bathroom. All was very clean and we did not have one complain for the 4 nights we were there.On top of that, our room had direct view of the chrysler building. Magical !You can not ask for better location at that price. You are 5 minutes away from Grand central station (from where you can take the underground to down or uptown), 15 from the Empire state building. You have plenty of deli's around and the staff is always helpful.Went to PAX for breakfast everymorning (deli next to the hotel) and it was a great breakfast, real newyoker breakfast.All in all, a great hotelJErome  Rebecca  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>adri1493
<Content>Surpassed my expectations! I stayed at the NY Helmsley Aug. 8th - 13th and it was absolutely wonderful. I purchased my stay mostly based on the reasonable price, cleanliness, and location. After reading the reviews on tripadvisor about the service, I was pleased with booking the hotel however, once I arrived, the service from everyone at the hotel was a bonus. The rooms were great (regardless of what other reviews might have said about the decor). Yes, it is not ultra-chic but there is nothing wrong about it. I had a couple of nieces staying at one of the latest modern hotels (which I won't mention by name) and they paid just as much as I did and our room was triple in size. I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel without hesitation.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Steve095
<Content>We had the Holiday of a Lifetime !!! We (family of four) have just returned home after staying for a week at the Helmsley and had the holiday of a lifetime, all of the previous reviews/photos on tripadvisor really helped us.Staff very friendly and helpful, location brilliant ie very near to Grand Central, we purchased 7 day subway/bus metro cards for $25 each (real bargin).Fausto the bell hop a top-man with great tips of where to eat breakfast (try the Comfy Diner a couple of blocks north from 42nd street) or Dinner (try Palm Too if you like lobster/steaks).Get your coffee from next door in the local PAX take-away as no tea/ coffee making facilities in hotel rooms (no real hasstle for us). Concierge were really helpful as well booking (with the personal touch) e.g. limo to take us back to Airport, helicopter flights etc (with costs the same as you would get elsewhere).Our rooms were on the 26th floor in the rear of the Hotel looking over the Empire State Building......fabWe would have no hesitation in recommending this Hotel. This is my first ever review sorry its a bit dis-jointed !!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gibraltarr
<Content>value for money We got a good price - about $225 a night for 4 sharingI asked for a room with a good view, we were on 27th floor and could see the Chrysler building. We did not hear any street noise at this level. Hotel was clean, safe, lifts always available and the location near to Grand Central Terminal was good. When it was cool in the morning or evening it was within walking distance to 5th Avenue and Bryant Park. I visited UN building which was a very short walk away. Can't find anything to fault.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jazzergirl
<Content>Fabulous Hotel!! Our family had a wonderful stay at the Helmsley! The room was considerably larger than most NY hotels. We had 2 adults and 2 preteens and didn't feel at all cramped. We arrived at 10:00am and the front desk was more than pleasant, even offering to get us into a room right away! We dealt with Pei at the desk and she was so helpful and nice!! As a matter of fact, every staff member we dealt with was extremely courteous and helpful. I emailed the hotel a few days before we arrived and asked for a room with a view of the Chrysler building. They promptly emailed me back and told me they we put my request into the system. We had an outstanding room on the 34th floor with a magnificent view! The kids could not have been more thrilled to sit in the window and look out over the city.I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>weski
<Content>4th of July Madness My son and I stayed for the 4th of July to see the Fireworks. The hotel was filled to the fills, with many, many foreigners in the for holiday. The line to checkin went to the door, but did move. We stayed on the 22nd floor in a double-double. It was fine - comfortable clean beds, decent, but not glamerous bathroom. Overlooked 41st Street - not a problem. Comfy chair, desk, flat screen TV. TIP for 4th of July - We thought we would get a bite around 7 pm before the 9 pm fireworks. The street was already packed with people lining up to get through the checkpoints (at 42nd St) to go down by the FDR Drive to see the fireworks. All the nearby restaurants, bars, etc. were filled with waiting lines. We got in line and went down to the river. We stood in amongth thousands of our closest friends behind the chain link fences and jersey walls until 9:30 when the fireworks finally went off. In hindsight, while we were close to the 42nd St. entrance, I would recommend going down near the Seaport for a better view of the fireworks - there are 3 barges in the East River, but we saw it all as one big mash - in the distance. A great disappointment - no music, just a crush. Then made our way back to the hotel - thank goodness it was nearby, but we were thirsy and starving, like everyone else. The line to the restaurant was huge, so we lined up for the bar. Got in, finally, had multiple cold drinks and a small pizza and quesdilla - they were fine. Went to bed. Checkout fine. Don't have to do this again, but if I do, it will be downtown or on someone's downtown roof.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>NewYorkGroove
<Content>Great Affortable Stay I stayed at the Helmsley in mid-July 2008 and I can't say enough good things about it. The hotel is located about three blocks east of Grand Central Station, so you don't have a far walk to get to the train. The cab ride there from LaGuardia was about $25, which isn't too bad. The area is quite safe and busy most of the time, so you don't have to be afraid of walking back to your room, even late at night. The hotel is located only a couple blocks away from the Empire State Building, and you are only a shuttle train away from Times Square. The staff was excellent, from the front desk staff to the bellmen. The rooms were nice and decent-sized. I was lucky enough to snag a room on the southeast corner of the hotel, so the room was probably a little bigger than most of the other rooms. I had a problem when I checked in, when my room keys would not open the door. The person at the front desk promptly issued me two new keys and the problem was solved. Overall, a wonderful stay. My stay lasted six days and I feel I got a lot for my money. I would not hesitate to stay at the Helmsley again, and in fact, I plan on staying there during my next visit to NY.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SurfCity12
<Content>Great Location  I picked this hotel due to its location and the value. It is located right down the street from Grand Central which is a main stop for all of the subways. Orbitz had a special on the room rate which made the Helmsley a bargain. As far as the room was concerned we stayed on the 26th floor. You could hear the noise from the streets below, but I suspect that this is the case in most hotels. The room was clean, we had a nice flat panel tv and bath robes. From the time that we entered the hotel to checking out the staff was very helpful. I'd have no problems in staying at the Helmsley once again.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Archie24
<Content>Excellent location, great view! Great central location, pretty good value too. We stayed for 5 nights and got a great room on 41st floor overlooking the Chrysler building - not good for someone who's scared of heights but I got used to it! Agree with other reviewers that it's better value to avoid hotel breakfast and go to Pax Deli next door, where you can get excellent breakfasts for half the price. Good little gym in the hotel, which always seemed quiet - only a few facilities in there but enough equipment to be able to work off the bagels every morning. The concierge (Frank, I think) was excellent and recommended great restaurants in the neighbourhood on the nights we were too tired to venture back downtown. Dean's Pizza round the corner on 2nd Ave was pretty good value for basic Italian or there's a great little Chinese place on 39th (from memory) where you can bring your own booze.We walked from the hotel to most nearby attractions - Grand Central, Times Square, Empire State building (a bit further away but still around 15 mins walk). Subway lines 4,5,6 from Grand Central take you direct to most of the useful touristy places - uptown to the museums or downtown to Wall Street, South St seaport, Brooklyn Bridge.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>karnhall
<Content>Tired but good location       view from room  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lynn2536
<Content>not impressive My husband and I were very dissappointed in this hotel. The website we booked it on gave it a 4 star rating. It was definitely a 3 star hotel. We were comparing it to the Grand Hyatt 1 block away because we stayed there on our last visit.The staff was great, location was great, and it was very clean with a spacious room. But it was so outdated. The bed was extremely hard and uncomfortable with sheets not fitting properly and a very old bedspread. The bathroom wallpaper was starting to come off, and the tub was stained from being old. The water pipes were very loud and bothersome coming from other rooms. This hotel needs to be renovated badly. Also the AC did not work well.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	4	4	5	4	2	

<Author>nic_leb
<Content>Doesn't Disappoint Stayed at the Helmsley for two nights in June of 2008 for a leisure weekend in the city with my spouse. The hotel is a favorite of my in-laws and I wasn't disappointed. We had a quiet corner king room with a nice bay window on an upper floor. Room size was surprisingly good for an NYC hotel. The hotel staff were courteous and helpful. I have to say that the Helmsley is looking a little dated in its decor, BUT the hotel is IMPECCABLY maintained. Nothing that I saw or encountered was spotted, torn, stained, chipped or inoperable. There was a nice upgraded flat panel television in the room. Iron and ironing board both were good and in working order. The bathroom had a marble-topped vanity with many large towels and a handy magnifying mirror. There isn't a mini bar in the room, but there's a nice drugstore just down at the corner in case you need anything.The location is fabulous, walkable to the Public Library, Bryant Park, Grand Central, Times Square, Broadway shows, and all the mid-town attractions!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>debs87
<Content>Great location Just back from a fantastic few days in New York and was very happy with our choice of hotel. We also went with two teenagers (19 and 16) and had a double, double room. The boys did decide that two in a bed was not for them and used the extra bedding to make a bed on the floor which they took turns in- however the room certainly was not cramped. It was spacious and very clean- as was the hotel overall. The best thing about the Helmsley for us was the location. It was a short walk to Times Square , Grand Central and also to a point of viewing for 4th July fireworks. The staff were always very pleasant and helpful. Our only complaint that it took a long time to get food ordered in the bar. That was not a huge problem and there were plenty of good restaurants within easy walking distance.Will definitely go back to New York and will definitely stay at the Helmsley!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>IsabellaCanberra
<Content>Would stay again I recently stayed at the NY Helmsley for three nights. I chose to stay there after the reviews I had seen on Trip Advisor. It was a great choice. The room was clean and a good size for NYC.After fellow reviewers suggested PAX nerxt door for breakfast, I did just that. It is a great and cheap place to eat for breakfast and other snacks. The coffee was great.I would stay again at the Helmsley but would not eat in the restaurant again. At 7.00pm on a Sunday night there were only three couples there - no wonder, it was completely overpriced and food was mediocre. It doesn't matter though - everything else was terrific.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>CarolJCardiffWales
<Content>Great views of the Chrysler Building       King corner room on 38th floor  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>ScotlandHattie
<Content>Loved the Helmsley Have just returned from trip to Toronto,New York and Niagara. The New York Helmsley was by far the best of the three. The staff were very efficient from the moment we arrived after an exhausting journey by Amtrac from Toronto(not recommended). We were given a choice of room and were not disappointed. Good quality toiletries and bathrobes provided in the room.The meals in the stylish restaurant were good quality and the fixed price of $40 dollars for three courses seemed like good value in very pleasant surroundings with first class service.I can't understand why this hotel is only rated as three stars. I think it deserves four especially since the hotel we stayed at in Niagara was rated four and didn't come anywhere near the quality of service and surroundings of the Helmsley.I have only one negative comment to make and that is - we were very late in arriving and were told we were too late to have a meal or even room service. In Harry's bar we asked if it was possible to get even a sandwich and were told it was not. However we would love to stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>caseypie
<Content>fab hotel fab city My partner and I stayed at the Helmsley for 5 nights in April and absolutely loved the place. From the moment we arrived we were made very welcome. The staff were amazing. Room on 27th floor with amazing view of chrysler building (requested by email 2 weeks prior to visit). fab view all the way down the street past grand central. The room had recently been refurbished and was spot on. The bed was v comfortable and room was spacious. All staff were awesome from the bell boys to the conceierge staff. Do ask for info/ adviise from staff they are very knowledgeable and will go oout of their way to make reservations or enquire about anything you wish. We wanted to watch a premiersip derby match and a member of staff made several phone calls to find the closet place showing the match. Another night we wanted to go to a comedy club and Roxie on conceierge was brilliant and recommended gotham comedy club which was abso amzing - such a funny night - the memories will last forever.Perfect location, perfect hotel - we will defo return to the hotel on our next visit to nyc and will recommend the hotel to family and friends. Could not honestly find a fault. Nothing to complain about at all. We also got engaged whilst in new york which was good...what a city!Thank you for an amazing experience!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Meijssie
<Content>Great hotel! Great hotel on a good location. Spacious room with airco. Not too noisy for such a big city. Nice bathroom with bath. Only thing missing was a minibar. There was even a safe and a ironing board and iron. Big nice bed, nice LCD TV. Free internet in the hall, but only one computer. Service was fine and the employees friendly. I can surely recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>NCWorldTraveler
<Content>Great Customer Service Three friends and I stayed at the New York Helmsley from May 22-May 25. When we arrived we were immediately greeted by a hotel employee who helped us with our bags and parked the car. He was extremely pleasant. Inside we did not have to wait on line to check-in as they were ample employees on hand. Check in was a breeze and the bell hop took us up to our room. He too was very nice. I saw complaints from others on this site about the dated furniture. Certainly, the furnishings are not comparable to that of the W hotel, for instance, but it was still very nice and the room was clean. For the entire stay, housekeeping, the concierge, and all of the employees we encountered were wonderful. The location is ideal. It is just a couple of blocks away from Grand Central Station and surrounded by great restaurants. There are also a few Starbucks' close by. It is an easy walk to Times Square, shopping on 5th Avenue and Bryant Park as well as the NY Public Library. There is also a great workout room that I utilized while there. Fresh towels and bottled waters are readily available. There are also security cameras that provide a level of comfort if you are working out alone. The only negative thing I have to say is that the cost of the breakfast buffet was very high. I don't remember the exact price was but there is a restaurant right next door that serves and awesome breakfast at reasonable rates. Overall it was great stay and I would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>superfluouschap
<Content>Bedbugs attack! Oh, and the noise! I travel a lot on business, and was sent to a conference at the Helmsley in January 2008.I checked in late. Great, professional service at the front desk.The room was OK. Apparently clean.But noisy. I was probably on the 30th floor or so and I swear I could hear every single thing that happened on the street hundreds of feet below. Insulated windows, the Helmsley does not have. I think it was also difficult to get the room dark.So I didn't sleep so well. Then I got home and I had all of these weird bite/rash things all over my legs. What on earth could they be?I'm no bug expert, but comparing photos on the internet to my legs, it looked a whole lot like bedbug bites. They stayed with me for weeks.I can't get myself to give the Helmsley a one star. There are a lot of nice things about it -- good service, great location. But between the bugs and the noise, I had a really lousy stay. Two stars, teetering on one star.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	5	5	3	

<Author>SunStar1
<Content>Lovely Central Hotel The New York Helmsley was perfect for our week stay/shopping in New York. Room was large, plenty of space for all the shopping ! Needed some updating, but very clean and had everything we needed. Hotel restaurant was expensive enough, but who needs hotel food when staying in NY! Location was perfect, right beside Grand Central Station. All in all, would definatly recommend the NY Helmsley to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>occident
<Content>Cramped for space in room for four! Spent four nights at New York Helmsly with my family (me, wife and two adult kids). Wanted a good accommodation for the four of us and got the impression that I would get that at Helmsly from booking.com. However the one room for the four of us was very small with only two small beds (smaller than queens). 495 per night was far over rated for what we got. I were rudlyl treated by the management when I explained that something must be wrong and asked for assistance. Due to congress allmost all hotels in New York were full, so we had to stay in the small room.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SurreyTops
<Content>Perfect for our requirements Having stayed in some of the more 'upmarket' hotels in New York on weekend visits, we were more than happy with the service and room at the New York Helmsley. To be honest, unless you've got cash to splash on the likes of Waldorf Astoria and the Ritz Carlton I would think twice (unless it's a special occassion then that extra mile is worth it). The New York Helmsley, is great value for money in comparison and a great location, with a view of the Chrylser building from some of the rooms! With Grand Central a couple of minutes walk away you can't fault it's location. For a weekend's stay of sight seeing and shopping then I would highly recommend this hotel. For me as long as you've got a comfortable bed, clean room and fully functioning bathroom what else do you really need? On a return visit, I would definitely use this hotel again - don't be put off by the rather outdated bed spread!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Auburnmb
<Content>Great Location! My boyfriend and I stayed in room 1074 on May 17th. We were coming off a cruise and arrived at the hotel around 10am. We were able to check in and given a room right when we got there. The only draw back was that since we were checking in so early we couldn't get a better room until 4pm. We had a tour at 3 so we couldn't wait. The only problem with our room was that the shower wouldn't drain at night. But worked fine in the morning?! Strange! We also had a 1pm check out. The maid came around 12:30 to clean our room we told her we had late check-out. I would have assumed she would have been told that. She was very nice though. We didn't have any issues with getting a cab. This hotel is very close to Grand Central Station and the Chrysler building. My boyfriend kept saying what a great location..right where we need to be for the ESB and 42nd Street. I was happy to see that it was a block from a Starbucks! We also lucked out and had a gorgeous day in the City. Friendly staff and easy to check-in/out. Would love to stay there again but w/a better view!  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Tcarrijo
<Content>Excellent hotel! Excellent hotel. Nice location, near the Grand Central Station. The room is very nice and the bathrom inside is very good.This hotel charges for breakfest, so, it is better to eat at the streets.The price is also very reasonable.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	3	5	

<Author>TheGazz
<Content>A VERY Pleasant Surprise I travel almost every other week to NYC and I had never stayed at a Helmsley Property. I did not think they were my style (on the boutique/contemporary side), and there was just something about the Queen of Mean that made me NOT want to stay at her hotels. Well -- between the fact that there was a great rate on Travelzoo and the Queen of Mean is no longer...I decided to give it a try. My expectation was that it would be a very snobby and stuffy environment ---boy was I wrong.I book on Travelzoo frequently, and I often get the associated low level of service for the low price (second class citizen treatment). Not here...from the minute I walked in, EVERY person I came in contact with---be it front desk, car attendents, hotel operator, or housekeeping -- they all bent over backward with friendly and attentive service missing from so many other hotels in NYC. I arrived at 11:00 AM---fully expecting no room availability because I was so early. I really intended just to leave my bag, but I said ---what the hell -- let me give it a try. They were happy to both give me a room AND satisfy my request for a high floor --- the 38th. While the room was not my style --- it was stylish -- and a great size with a great size bathroom. A little dated, yes. Could use a bit of renovation, yes. But it had everytrhing you needed, all in good working order, and very clean. I'm so used to the snobby, let me do you a favor by allowing you to stay at my property cold shoulder treatment at so many NYC hotels ( i.e. Flatotel, Waldorf Astoria, Intercontinental Barclay, The London, etc.) that attitude and service count alot for me. I'm willing to overlook alot of little things when a hotel has that right. Yes, the location is great, the rooms are large, and the ameneties are nice -- but for me, it was the PEOPLE at the Helmsley New York that made it a truely enjoyable experience. I would not hesitate to stay here, or other Hrlmsley properties, ever again. She may have been mean -- but it looks to me like they are celebrating their freedom!!!!!  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jdelid09876
<Content>Ok, offense to style. Did not like: scratchy robes, towels and polyester sheets. Dated, ugly looking printed bed spreads. Motel grade linen. Liked: spacy rooms, staff is helpful. Overall verdict: ok, bring your own linen.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TRAVELAGENTITALY
<Content>great location great location on 42nd street few minutes by walk to 5th ave.very nice room (i get 41st floor with view on crysler build) and was ok, very clean and goog service.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Traveleasier
<Content>New York - What an amazing place Arrived in New York from JFK courtesy of a limo from Lincoln Limousines ($65 one way - trip was easy, car was in need of an update). Pulled up to the hotel, went to the front desk and we were greeted by Doris who started off our trip perfectly. Big smile, easy check in process (our room was not ready so we just checked the bags) and then Doris pretty much took us under her wing. She pulled out the map of Manhattan and pretty much planned out trip for the next four days. It was like having your own tour guide. She was just amazing and her routes were fantastic. If you want to experience New York, just make sure that you speak to her. She gave us some insider tips (take the Staten Island ferry to see the Statue of Liberty since apparently, you can no longer go inside. The ferry is free.) and recommended some great places to eat (try Sarge's Deli, 548 3rd Ave, between 36th Ave and 37th Ave). Hotel was very nice although the rooms could probably use a bit of updating. We stayed on the 31st floor overlooking 42nd Street. Room was fine with a king sized bed, flat panel TV, regular sized bathroom and in room safe. Apart from the street noise (just typical New York with sirens blaring and horns honking) and the occasional door closing (not sure why it is necessary to make doors so heavy that when they close, other rooms shake. Be nice to your neighbours and gently help the door close.), everything was fine. We did not eat in the hotel or use any of the facilities (there are a couple of computers for guest usage but they cost). There is a restaurant just beside the hotel for breakfasts and light lunches and it will suit most people just fine. Hotel is really well situated about 5 minutes walking to/from Grand Central and probably about 15-20 minutes walking to/from Times Square. Use the New York subway. It's a great way to get around and better than taxis for the most part. Traffic in New York is just unbelievable, all hours of the day. All in all, it was just a fantastic stay and although Doris was not working on the day that we left, her smile left with us. Stay at the Helmsley, it's worth it.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>greengalcalgary
<Content>loved the Helmsley Great location, close to Grand Central and lots of dining options.Clean and well appointed rooms-friendly and helpful employeesHarry's Bar, located in the lobby has terrific food and a great late night dining optionPax- healthy, fresh food is right next doorStarbucks is within a block  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BryantPark42
<Content>Fantastic Experience I would strongly recommend any visitor to stay at this marvellous hotel. Was unsure when first made booking but was delighted upon arrival. Efficient and friendly service from door to door. Delightful spacious rooms and very comfy beds! Location is perfect. Staying at this hotel certainly made our holiday fabulous.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sildero
<Content>Great location, dirty rooms Leona is surely turning over in her grave. While this hotel was perfectly located in Midtown with everything so convenient and all the staff very accomodating in every way, the rooms were dated and dirty. They need to deep clean the floors in the rooms, it would make the guests feel more comfortable I'm sure. There was no coffee pot or mini bar in the room we had (3711) and the faulty shower button took 2 days to master but we had a beautiful view from our window, Chrysler building so close you touch it! We needed 2 double beds in our room so there wasn't much space but it wasn't European tiny either. Since we spent no time at all in our room we didn't use the amenities at the hotel, (gym and restaurant) we did have some nightcaps at the pleasant bar in the lobby.We were drawn to the Helmsley for the reasonable (for NYC) price and locale and since we walked or cabbed everywhere I can't let you know about the convenience to the subway but Grand Central Terminal is about a block away with the Theater district about 7 blocks in the other direction. I may or may not stay there again, it would depend on what I was in NYC to accomplish. If you aren't planning on staying in your room much and aren't squeamish about floor cleanliness bring slippers and consider this hotel if you are looking for something moderately priced in midtown.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	1	5	5	3	

<Author>FrankCC
<Content>Top Class, Memorable stay We took a five day break at the Helmsley in New York at the end of April鈥?.we were given a room on the 10 th floor, the room was top class for what we needed, ironing board, Sat TV, clean and comfy bed. Previous reviews have stated that the noise was bad from the road, but we were at the back of the hotel and slept with the window opren and was fine. Apart from the hi standard of the room, the really big plus is the location, we pretty much just slept in the room, let鈥檚 be honest if you鈥檙e in New York you don鈥檛 want to spend time in your room. Pretty much central to everything, we were up and out of the hotel before 8 and what a buzz when you hit 42nd street, it鈥檚 just great, like previous reviewers we choose not to eat at the hotel; purely because we wanted to experience the full New York breakfast鈥ershing Square opposite Grand Central is expensive but must be done as it is brilliant for breakie鈥?.A small deli on the same side called Cipriani鈥檚 is also worth going to (it鈥檚 next to the big hall Cipriani鈥檚) We walked to Time Square (there鈥檚 a great park just before it; Bryant park with some great happy hour bars which are buzzing) we did top of the rock, but left the empire state building as the q were too long. We got the subway to Battery park and then took the ferry to Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island (well worth it, but be prepared to Q) And there鈥檚 a great market on Union Square on a Satuday which is well worth going to, we walked back to the hotel, and we also walked to central park鈥︹€?br/>A wonderful city and an excellent hotel to use as a base  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>roomandbored
<Content>Close to Perfect Stayed here for three nights in May '08 and found the property to be very nice. The management accommodated all of our requests and (as mentioned) the location is hard to beat for the average tourist.The elevators are fast, the housekeeping was consistent and the tv channel selection was vast. Its the PILLOWS that I have a problem with. I know I should just take my own with me, but I found the pillows to be hard as a rock. Additionally, the room temperature is unadjustable (we ended up sleeping with our windows open) and the bed comforters could use some updating. Overall, however, we totally enjoyed our stay and had no problems of any significance.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>NW6_Traveller
<Content>Does what it says on the can We had stayed at the Helmsley a few years previously and were not that impressed. This time however we felt it was just what we needed. The rooms were comfortable, service friendly and attentive and location was fine (me for work, wife and daughters for touring and shopping). Rooms were showing alittle age, but modern 40 digital flatscreen TV and free broadband brought it up to date.Did not use restaurant so cannot comment.Cannot think of any downsides other than prices in the bar.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>linznumba3
<Content>Fabulous hotel       The front of the hotel  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tellall1
<Content>Good hotel for a tourist week end Good, clean, well decorated tourist hotel on the East side on 42nd St btw 2nd and 3rd Ave's. A few blocks to Grand Central and subway or a quick walk to the U N. Staff was very attentive and helpful. Room was very clean and nice furnishings. Not an upscale place but very comforable and nice. Flat screen T V on wall, comfortable matress and great east side views looking towards Brooklyn and the U N.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Tinytoons
<Content>Great hotel to stay in NYC Myself and my husband have just returned from a wonderful 5 night stay at the New York Helmsley Hotel. Location is excellent, only a 10 min walk to Times Square or a $5-$6 cab ride. From the moment we arrived at the hotel from the door staff (especially Ritchie) and bell boys to the reception desk staff all were fantastic and couldnt do enough for us. We had emailed previously and asked for a room on a high floor. We couldn't have gotten any higher on their 41st floor with an amazing view of the Crysler Building and city lights. The room was a great size with a huge bed and great shower. The room was cleaned daily and was always very tidy when we came back from a day of sightseeing. We were never disturbed by any noise during the night. We had an evening flight home and when I asked for a late checkout, there was no problem at all and they even held onto our cases for us as we took a final stroll around the city. Harry's Bar is small and a bit pricey, but hey it is a hotel after all! The only gripe I have about the bar was that it closed even when there were hotel guests still there drinking. I thought it would remain open until the last guest left???? We didnt eat in the hotel as we used the Pax Deli right next door which was perfect for brekkie. Security at night was appreciated as they checked that every guest had a room key to gain access to the lifts at night. We would highly recommend this hotel as a great base in the city.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>tlemus
<Content>Great Experience Our stay at the New York Helmsley was extremely enjoyable. After exiting LGA, we only had a very short cab ride $20 + tip. We were taken to our room with a wonderful view of the Chrysler building, which was requested after letting them know by email that it was our anniversary. We stayed there 6 days, and its location (which was one of the primary reasons we chose to reserve in the first place) proved to be a major asset. We were very close to Union Station, and from there we were able to take the subway to all the major points of the city. The people at the entrance and at the reception were extremely courteous and helpful. They answered all of our questions in a very amicable manner.Our room was of a very decent size by NYC standards. It was clean and tidy, and an oasis after having spent a whole day walking. We were not expecting a 4 star hotel, and so we were not upset by what was missing. However, since our expectations weren鈥檛 high, we were pleasantly surprised by how much we got for the price we paid. You cannot beat it, especially in NYC.One thing we both didn鈥檛 like was the wait staff at the bar. We stopped one day to have a drink since it was raining and neither one felt like getting wet. The bar had the worst music ever, and the waitresses weren鈥檛 friendly or efficient. I think they rely on guests stopping for a drink, and so they take you for granted. Therefore, we just had a drink, we paid, and left the minimal tip.Other than that, we will definitely be back, and will definitely recommend it to all our friends.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PAWaterskier
<Content>Very disappointed This is a preferred hotel with my company. Stayed 4/13 - 4/15. At 6:30 am on 4/14, I awoke to prepare for my business meeting. There was NO HOT WATER. Called the desk to complain and they didn't answer on numerous tries. Water came back on at 7:15 - enough time for a quick wet down. Left my room for my meeting only to discover my room would not lock behind me. Left all belongings and went to the desk to complain - got a pitiful Sorry. Room service dishes left in the hallway for hours. They never removed a dirty bowl and glass from my room during my entire stay. The sound of the wind under my door kept me up all night. I've stayed here before and had much better experiences. This time, I was terribly disappointed. Ice machine on every other floor that no one tells you about. The temperature was inconsistent. Although convenient to the trains, this place is going down hill fast. For the price I paid (over $350.00 corporate rate) I would NEVER stay here again. On the upside, the elevator security guard was very personable - he was the only one. The bartender acted like it was an inconvenience for him to make you a drink to take to your room (way over priced!!!! by the way). I am very unhappy and let my company (a major insurance company) aware of the unsatisfactory accomodations.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	4	2	2	

<Author>wellbeing1986
<Content>Added to a truely magical time in NYC My partner suprised me for our 2 year anniversary with a trip to NYC for a long weekend....We booked through dial-a-flight (aka dial-a-s***e), who booked us into a terrible hotel with terrible reviews on broadway (Days Inn) so we decided to change our hotel at the last minute.All I will say is, they were incredibly rude about the whole thing and charged us a huge amount of money with no true explanation about what it was for (considering on the Days Inn website, you can apparently cancel until the last minute without being charged).Anyway, we decided to book into the NY Helmsley as an alternative, and what an alternative it was.The lights outside are magical, even though it is like your stepping into an 80's film set, the hotel is very clean, smart and expensive looking.The bellboys/reception desk were very helpful... and dealt with every problem.For example, we stayed on the 22nd floor (ask for a floor high up when booking, its really worth it!) and we wanted open the windows, but whilst doing so, the top part of the window sort of came off and slid down and wouldn't do back up, and they dealt with it straight away).Also, Our TV remote made a disappearing act...which after searching high and low (we still didnt find it!) we called up and they sent us a new one!The room was clean, obviously dated, but since when do you spend all your time in a hotel in NYC? Harry's Bar downstairs is expensive, there is a GREAT diner for breakfast at east 45th between 2nd and 3rd... amazing pancakes for 7 bucks.... I would say, do venture into Tribeca/Soho/West Village for the best restaurants and places to eat/drink. Overall, this was a fab break, and the hotel was great. I will stay there again.... and I will definitely recommend.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>LER_8
<Content>The Helmsely Hotel -A great place to stay in NY A great place to stay in NYC - service is friendly, rooms are spacious, clean and nicely appointed - location, location, location is great- mid-town Manhattan - close to Grand Central within walking distance to many land marks.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lolly8Dublin_Ireland
<Content>Great stay at the Helmsley. We were are group of ladies staying at the Helmsley in mid April  found it to be a great hotel.The location is excellent, which is partly why we booked it.I had read on your website that the hotel looks for $100 per room per night deposit - refunadable at the end of the trip if you didnt charge anything to your room.This was not mentioned on either the hotel website or Booking.com , and we wouldnt have known this only it was mentioned on your reviews of previous guests.The hotel was clean, comfortable and we found the receptionstaff to be most helpful. The only complaint we as a large group would have is regarding some of the bellhops, who really let the hotel down in our opinion.. They were very friendly when they thought there was a chance of receiving a tip, however whenthey had gotten the tip, they were completely disinterested in helping us - Rueben in particular was rude, and actually took some money from my hand before I had the chance to give it to him, then didnt bother taking the luggage outside to our airport transportation - we had to ask somone else to do it for us.Only we were in a hurry, I would have brought this to the attention of the hotel manager, as we were not happy with how he treated us. Having said that, the rest of the hotel staff were fine, and his rudeness would not put me off staying there again-next time however I would be ready for him !!Your website mentioned the Pax deli next door, which was a fantastic set up, and we ate there every morning - there was an endless selection of food to eat at very reasonable prices.Overall I would recommend this hotel to other people  would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Laura1004
<Content>Great Hotel Just returned from New York and stayed at the Helmsley following a recommendation, Great Hotel, very clean, spacious and had a stunning view of the Chrysler building from our room on the 39th floor. Staff were very helpful, always willing to answer any questions.Location was fab with a subway about 2 mins walk away and very close to Empire State, 5th Ave and Grand Central.Didnt use restuarant facilities as up and out early but Pax deli next door is great with some yummy food and cakes!!!!Must see is a trip to Ground Zero and a visit to the Ground Zero museum workshop which is about 10 mins from ground zero in a cab and located in the Meatpacking district, this was the best thing about our trip to NYC, Overall the Helmsley is a lovely hotel would recommend to anyone and cant wait to go back!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LisaSolihull
<Content>Fantastic Location and standard       Exterior Sign  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Cohen_Jack
<Content>Good bet for the money My wife and I stayed at the New York Helmsley last Saturday evening to enjoy a night on the town without the commute back to the suburbs. For $358 including tax, we booked a room with a king size bed, which was not available on check-in. The clerk gave us a room with two doubles instead on a high floor with a nice view of the East River and the Verazzano Bridge in the background. The rooms are average size for a midtown New York hotel, with most, but not all, of the usual amenities. There is no fitness club on premises, no swimming pool, and the elevators are always crowded.The shower needed a little tinkering to get to work properly.On the plus side, the beds are comfortable, the staff is pleasant, the walls are thick, and the HVAC seemed to work. The hotel is in a great location-- 42nd Street, near Third Avenue. We had dinner at the Oyster Bar at Grand Central Station, one of the best seafood joints in New York for the money. After the theatre, we came back to our hotel and had a drink at Patrick Conway's, a great Irish pub near the train station. We forsook the $24 per person brunch at the hotel (which looked good), took a walk, and found the Townhouse Coffee Shop on Second Avenue and 38th Street, where for $25 for the two of us, we had a delicious breakfast. We walked over to First Avenue, where we viewed the United Nations and its gardens. By the time we left for home, we both thought we had the weekend experience we needed. I wouldn't necessarly rush back to the Helmsley for a similar expeience, but would come back there without undue worry or concern.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>BEBaines
<Content>2nd time !       Manhattan at Night - Top of the Rock  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Deggy
<Content>Great Location Fantastic location, within walking distance of the majority of attractions. Lacking some basic room facilities would normally expect in such a hotel, for example no kettle, coffee etc. I would recommend requesting a room at the back of the hotel, despite being on the 24th floor the noise from the street was loud and constant 24 hours a day.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>sunseeker50england
<Content>Location was great! The location of this hotel was fabulous. You are within easy walking distance of all the main attractions of Manhattan.Grand Central Station is just a few minutes away.We actually walked back from Central Park, which took us about half an hour all along 5th Avenue!The Hotel staff are friendly and we checked in quickly with no queue.As we were travelling with my two sons, I requested that our rooms be next door to each other, this was seen to without a problem which was great!The only downside was no tea or coffee facilities or a fridge.The PAX deli right next door was a godsend!Also be warned that they do require a deposit of 100 dollars per night for 'incidentals' - but i guess this must be common practice among all the hotels?All in all we enjoyed our stay at the Helmsley and would recommend it to any of our friends!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Il_forno
<Content>Spoilt We spoilt ourselves to a week in a quality hotel in New York. The location on 42nd street was wonderful, the room was fine but we made the mistake of phoning home to England. We made a single call of under 5 minutes. There was no information in the room on rates but we expected a modest surcharge - the bill for this one call was $80 (拢40)We regard this charge as extortionate and we challenged the receptionist when we checked out. She could not defend it, agreed it was high at $17 per minute and asked if we had filled in a customer feedback form? We certainly had - but of course there has been no response. This is clearly a management which regards it's customers as fair game. Avoid unless you want to be fleeced too.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EssexJdV
<Content>Perfect Choice       Front of the Hotel  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>JoeVBG
<Content>Loved This Place, Great Location and Value We stayed at the Helmsley in Dec. 2007. We arrived on an early morning flight and as expected our room was not ready but the staff was very helpful with getting out bags checked and with suggestions of what to do in the interim. Our room was just excellent. Clean, well kept and spacious by NY standards.The concierge was very helpful with a last minute restaurant reservation. The hotel is very well located in Mid-town within walking distance of 5th Ave shopping and sites, MOMA, and other galleries.I would return here anytime and would recommend it highly.TIP: There is a great Coffee Shop (PAX) right next door to the hotel where the locals grab their morning coffee and/or breakfast. No Frills but great value and alternative to Hotel Dining Room or Room Service. Line-up can be long but moves Very fast.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Ohjustpeachy
<Content>Good Location, Good Hotel Arrived at the hotel with pal, exhausted  looking forward to taking a much-needed nap but the smoking room booked wasn't ready. Apparently there's only one floor of smoking room in the whole hotel. We were earlier than the check-in time so had a couple of cocktails at Harry's Bar, where the 15% gratuity is added automatically! Returned to check-in a couple of hours later but still no smoking room ready so we accepted a non-smoking room instead and were assured it was a nice city view room - it was on the 30th floor, we could see the Chrysler and were delighted to find we had two beds instead of one to share. The hotel's staff were always very helpful and the bar was friendly. The beds were extremely comfortable and the in-room safe was a plus. Pax Deli next door to the hotel is ok for breakfast but if you walk up to the Pershing Sq Cafe (less than 5 mins, same side of road) they do a fabulous breakfast and it has a great atmosphere. The Capital Grille just a couple of mins up the road on the other side does a really nice dinner; it's not cheap but the staff are attentive and it's a pleasant treat. In the other direction is McFadden's Bar which serves some lovely fish dishes. You should have a cocktail at The View bar in the Mariott on Times Square, the views really are great  if you go for the sunset it's really quite pretty. Overall the hotel's location is great with Times Sq about 15 min walk and 5th Ave shopping a bit less. We thought Macy's was ok but Bloomingdales was the prettiest and brightest department store and Century 21 is worth a visit for past-season designer goods but is fairly chaotic.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Swarks
<Content>Great hotel, excellent location I was a little concerned after reading some less than enthusiastic reviews but I was very impressed with this hotel. I did as suggested by others and requsted a room on a high floor - we were on the 32nd floor and had a great view of the Chrysler building. I went with two teenagers and the room was plenty big enough for three of us and had a good bathroom - certainly looked clean and modern to me. Location is, as all have said, very convenient and central.We didn't bother with the restaurant as the deli next door was so good and miles cheaper. It even made the lack of coffee making facilities less important.Not the most fabulous hotel ever but really no complaints at all.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DivineMissP0902
<Content>Loved it loved it loved it Our experience at this hotel far exceeded our expectations. Everyone was nice and friendly from the time we arrived and stepped out of the cab to the time we left to go to the airport. The Bellmen were spot on everytime and was willing to accomodate to anything you needed. We arrived early and arrangements were made for us to get checked in early. The concierge desk was friendly and helpful when asking for directions to certain areas. The room was nice, clean and yes, the beds were so comfortable. We loved the light in the bathroom and four ladies had plenty of room to get ready. We are already planning our next trip and we will definitely be staying here again. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a great price for the type of luxury you receive. The location is fantastic. The Helmsley Hotel made our trip a memorable one.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>dustie_rocks
<Content>Nice clean hotel We stayed in this hotel for 5 nights at the end of March. We had a room with two double beds (there were 3 family members staying in the room). We booked with a prepay website and got a very good deal. On arrival the reception area is very nice. We had no complaint with the hotel, the rooms were average size and very clean. The bathroom was large, lots of nice large bath towels and cleaned daily. There was no tea/coffee making facilities in the room but I often went to the deli next door and brought the drinks back. I had checked with Trip Advisor before travelling and had seen Pax deli recommended.. however it is really busy at rush hour in the mornings so the first morning we had breakfast in the hotel. We got the buffet breakfast.. It was 24 dollars but for that you got an amazing breakfast.. fresh tropical fruit, cereal, youghurt, crossaints, crusty rolls, doghnuts, waffles, french toast, bacon, sauage, etc etc. The juice was freshly squeezed and they refilled your glass as many times as you wanted. It was a really good meal and we didnt eat again until that night so it was worth the money. The location of the hotel is very good.. as we were mainly on a shopping/sightseeing trip it was perfect and very close to Grand Central station for easy access to a number of subway lines. We had a very good stay and I would highly recommend this hotel for a good stay in New York. Would stay in the hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	2	

<Author>burg42
<Content>New Year at the Helmsley My boyfriend and I spent 4 days over New Year at the hotel. It was a no frills package, so we cant comment on the food or service to a great extent. However we did enjoy the room we were given. Spacious, comfortable beds and very nice bathrooms made for a lovely rest stop inbetween exploring the city.We did pay through the nose, but for new year in New York, it didnt seem any more or less than anywhere else. We also had a great view and could spy the Chrysler building from our room.We did appreciate the excellent location and we cant highly recommend enough the Comfort Diner that is just round the corner, for a true New York breakfast experience, excellent!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>split79
<Content>Very nice! Very nice hotel, great location, friendly service, would go back again!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shanedy
<Content>Travel Agent Review FABULOUS hotel!!!!This was my first trip to New York, on my own!!! for acouple of days to get a feel for the place, shops (LOTS!!!!), tourist spots etcThis has a fab location opp the chrsyler building, its a 5mins walk to times sq, empire state bluiding, bloomies, macys etc, the room was large with plasma screen tv and wireless internet, I was upgraded to a empire room where I has a view of the empire building.All the staff are friendly and polite and the restaurant and bars are not too badly priced. The lifts aren't too bad I was on the top floor (42nd) and it took less than a minute to reach.This is a good 4 star hotel with a fantastic large feel to it, just what you need in New York!!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>alb53
<Content>Great for NYC discovery Just back from a 5 night stay at Helmsley with my wife and 2 daughters.Great location, free WiFi , room not too big for two double, but comfortable.Quite hot during the night , even swtiching off the vent. Solved opening the windows.Emailed few days before asking for an upper room, but at arrive no luck ! Bathroom with an empty fridge.. connected to mains with a free-floating line... quite unsafe by EU standard and no in-room safety deposit.Everything was resolved the day after with a room change. Higher floor, no hazards in bathroom and a electronic lock safe.Staff very friendly and helpful. Really competent and fast responsive help for WiFi net connection. Checking in and checking out were easy, fast and efficient. Really comfortable bed, very appreciated after a day long walk in NYC , clean room (by NY standard) bathroom with hairdryer and plenty of large bath towels, hand towels and face cloths. Daily cleaning OK.The dark side: No tea/coffee making facilities, dated decor and flush noisy bathrooms  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	3	4	

<Author>MACSPUD
<Content>Very central From the moment we entered the building could not fault it. Got everything we asked for. Kevin was very heplfull told us different places we could eat by night. Had fresh towles every day  beds dressed what more could u ask for. It is not even a 10min walk from times square.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>oapwill
<Content>Fantastic New York Hemsley Just read previous 2 reviews and thought I should add mine for balance.My sister and I stayed here in mid January for 6 nights. It was our first trip to NYC. The hotel was fabulous!!!! Beautiful room, large with very comfy beds .The bathroom was great with large fluffy towels changed every day.The staff were wonderful,especially Anthony and Patrick at the front lobby with very helpful advice and tips on where to eat and see.Going back to Harrys Bar in the evening for a nightcap was a relaxing way to end each evening!!I would book this hotel again gladly and hope to do so in the autumn.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>BHAgirl
<Content>Great location Great Location, check in was very quick, asked for high floor which we had. King size room, everything you needed apart from tea and cooffee, but I did know this and took my own kettle etc.We were on the 28th floor, I think you need to be at least this high to avoid traffic noise. The bar was very friendly, also served snacks. Hotel Staff very helpful. Easy walking to Times Square, Empire State and Central Station.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Limerick_Liz
<Content>good location Six night stay here. Four of us were in a quad room (two double beds). Got a good rate on hotels.com but ended up staying an extra night due to flight delays. We were charged an extra 550 dollars for the room for the extra night which was way too much for this room! The five previous nights had not been much more than that altogether! No air conditioning was working and room was very hot especially at night. The bell boys at hotel entrance were practically begging for tips on the last day which was slightly irritating and resulted in us giving them less rather than more!! We brought travel kettle for morning tea... good idea! Although there are negatives to note about the Helmsley we felt overall this was a great hotel to stay in for location alone and would probably return here. Rooms were good size and very clean by New York hotel standards.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>JandG007
<Content>Annoying check-in After travelling from the UK to Newark Airport we took the Airport Express bus which dropped us off near Grand Central. From there to the hotel is was only a block and a half walk.We arrived at the hotel to find there was a problem with our reservation which was something to do with the booking agency we had used and not us. They kept us waiting for 10 minutes until we complained and asked to be taken to our room. They eventually rang the room to say that the problem had now been sorted.We stayed at the hotel twice during our week in NY. First for 3 nights and then for 2. On our return we again had problems checking in. This time there seemed to be a problem allocating a room to us. Again we were kept waiting but eventually they managed to allocate a room.The first room had problems with the toilet which wouldn't refill properly and the room was very hot. The second room was much better and seemed to be on a floor which had recently been refurbished (20th). There were no facilities in either room for making a hot drink. However, in both rooms there were ample towels and toiletries.The hotel is in a good location for the sites of Manhattan and the Airport Express bus - you just have to put up with very poor service on the front desk.There is a great deli/diner right next to the hotel which was great for breakfast.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	2	4	

<Author>morr27
<Content>Very old and worn hotel Stayed at the Helmsley last week for a business trip and was very dissapointed. It feels like it hasn't been updated since the 80s and is definitely not appropriate for business travel. The lobby feels like a depressing airport bar and the rooms have none of the amenities that you would expect in 2008. Its like being in a time warp. No bottles of water in the room, no mini bar, no vending machines, no decent shampoo. It might be ok if you are travelling on a budget and want a convenient hotel in NYC but I think that the Westin is around the same price and it feels like a contemporary hotel.Overall, the core basics are there but it is in dire need of a remodel.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Valerie57
<Content>Terrible experience, crappy hotel March 22/08 - we are currently staying at this hotel and it's one of the worst I've stayed at. Poorly appointed, no coffee maker as prev mentioned, only mirror in bathroom -irritating with 3 women in a room, room is stifling hot. Bathtub drain plugged, fixed but still slow and disgusting, towels were not replaced first day. TV remote did not work, very few plugs in room -difficult to recharge cameras etc. I generally don't complain too much but this has been a huge disappointment to my group and we would not stay here again. We were originally booked in another hotel but they overbooked and Expedia changed us the day before our trip so not a lot of choice.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	2	3	

<Author>Dazzathomp
<Content>Brilliant Hotel i have stayed in Ny on three occassions now and have to say that the other two hotels were in time sqauare where all the hustle and bustle is. I stayed at the Hemsley to get away from this and i glad i did, what a wonderful hotel, i booked with ebookers and got an excellent rate for two people with two double beds and an amazing few of the Chrysler building room 2507, the staff were very freindly and had no problem checking in or out, they even sorted out my transfers for the return trip to the uk,.Piece of advise if your travelling from jfk to the hotel there is a flat rate for cabs of around 45$ which is excellent, but if your travelling from Newark which i did this time it was about $85 as theres quite alot of tolls to pay, on the way back the hotel booked a bus company called golden touch who took us back to Newark Airport for $23 which was a much better price, they have a website but im sure if you email the hemsley they will be more than happy to arrange this for you. i really liked this hotel as its within walking distance of all the main attractions that NY has to offer and i will definately stay here again, it was a little gem, the rooms are big and so is the bathroom which is rare to find in NY and the rooms are cleaned and topped up with fresh towels daily, i hope my review is helpful as i always come on here when i stay anywhere first and iv never been wrong :)  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>findersmom
<Content>The Perfect Location! Stayed here while my son interviewed at Seton Hall University. Got a great deal on Expedia at $179/night for a Sat/Sun. The hotel is only 2 blocks from Grand Central Station. It's an easy walk there and we took the subway to everything--World Trade Center site, Times Square, Chinatown, Little Italy, Greenwich Village, SoHo, etc. To get to Seton Hall, we took the Subway to Penn Station, got tickets on the NJ Transit which took us straight to South Orange. The university was only a 10-minute walk from the train station.The hotel was very clean, great fluffy towels, comfortable beds, flat screen TV, free internet access. I travel frequently and am known as a hotel snob and I will definitely stay here again. The staff was soooo friendly, from check-in to check-out. They let us check in at noon, and allowed us late check out at 1:00. Every staff member was friendly and helpful. The room didn't have a coffee maker, which is not important to me because I don't drink coffee, however that may be an issue for some. But there's a Starbucks a half-block away and a Pax restaurant right next door. Also the room had no air-conditioning control, but we just opened our windows and it was comfortable. (That could be a problem during the summer months.)There's a great deli about 4 blocks down 2nd Ave. called Sarge's that's open 24 hours. Had wonderful BIG sandwiches and soup. Also convenient to the hotel is a CVS directly across the street that's open 24/7.Overall, we loved the location and hotel and will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mnendick
<Content>Basic but ok We were looking for a hotel to stay one night to see a show - so location was significant as we were arriving at Grand Central. All in all - for the price, this hotel was fine. We wanted to do little more than drop out bags, clean up, see the show, and then sleep. It was clean, relatively quiet, and near grand central. The staff seemed pleasant - particularly the guys dealing with the cars. Yes, its dated in almost every way in terms of decor, carpet etc., but as I said, it was clean and adequate for the price - which we paid 255. No coffee in room, no mini bar (which is fine because those are a rip off usually). There was a nice little place you could get coffee etc. right next to the hotel which worked out as a substitute. As to price, All the rest were upwards of 350 and up. So, it was a reasonable compromise. If I was staying longer and wanted to use hotel amenities, I might try something else.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>anniefNorth
<Content>5 Nights at the New York Helmsley We arrived on 22nd Feb (we were there for our 25th Wed Anniversary on the 24th, ...a treat to ourselves) After a very long day we arrived at the Helmsley only to be told they were expecting us on the 27th, the receptionist made a phone call and told us it wasn't a problem etc etc and that they'd give us a nice room. The room was on the 14th floor, king sized bed, which was the best bed I've EVER slept in! The room was clean spacious enough for the two of us. We had a view of the chrylser building. My only disappointment was that they don't have any tea making facilities, although we later found out we could ask for them (and have it added to our bill) anyway... please take a credit card as you need it to check in with, not a debit card, one of ours wouldnt work but thank god my hubby has his american express which was accepted everywhere we used it. His goldfish card wasn't, nor was my personal bank card (which had plenty funds in it).. also beware of the cash machine in the lobby, it accepted my bankers card but never gave me any cash.. sorry to harp on about cash etc but if you're new to the states like we were, we didnt have a clue what would or wouldnt be accepted.Breakfast in Mindys (downstairs) was great, we founed we didnt need to eat again until about 4pm as the breakfast were buffet style so we ate as much as we wanted/needed.The staff in Minday and Harry's bar were very attentive, and being British we weren't used to it, but to be fair I could get used to it, the service was great, fast and efficient.The hotel is in a great situation for Grand Central, but to be honest we walked most of the time, we did buy a 7day metro ticket for $23 each which was so handy and if you're tired it's so easy just to jump on a train, having said that, cabs are cheap enough if you want to use them.Overall we had a fab time, and the hotel was as I expected, it was clean and comfy, and believe me, Im a clean freak and I was very happy to stay there.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>htravelbug
<Content>Great Location, Great Staff I was a little uncertain about the hotel, as, from the pictures, it seemed a little dated. But it was great. From the moment we checked in, until we left, the staff were friendly, extraordinarily helpful and very professional.I was impressed by how many staff are around the hotel, always ready to help and be of service.The room was great. It was large and comfortable (on the 12th floor with a view of 42 St.  the Chrysler Bldg.) and very clean. The bathroom was large too, which is unusual in New York and a really nice feature was the large, plush bath sheet towels, not the tiny, thin, small towels that you often find in hotels.The room had complementary Wi-Fi which was very convenient and really helpful, as we searched the internet for bus schedules and NYC magazine website for dinning recommendations and theatre reviews.We found a great price on Orbitz, $207 for the first two nights and $187 for the other two. The location was excellent, as it was very close to the 4, 5, 6 subway lines (1.5 blocks to walk). There was a nice cafe downstairs (PAX), where you could get a good breakfast, sandwiches, baked goods to eat in or take away. I would absolutely stay at this hotel again, as it was a very positive experience.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>vegophile
<Content>Eh... Eh, Helmsley was okay. Location was great, close to Times Square, etc. Room was tiny - with a king bed and a rollaway, there wasn't any walking room. Everything was clean though. The decor was kind of dated though. Bar/lobby area downstairs was decent - once again, nothing spectacular though. If you just need a clean place with a good location to sleep/shower, then I'd highly recommend the Helmsley. If you're planning on spending more time in your room and would like something luxurious, try something else - there's plenty of options in NYC.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>UKChristine79
<Content>As expected We booked this hotel through last minute and got a good deal of 5 nights for the price of 4. We took the airport bus from JFK to Grand central and walked the block and half to the hotel.We had a swift and efficient check in - please note you will need a credit card which they hold money on even though our room was fully paid for. We stayed in a king size bed room on the 12th floor. Plenty of lifts to all floors. The room was average size with tv, hanging built in wardrobe, safety deposit and easy chair. Small bathroom with bathtub and shower over. No facilities to make a hot drink or fridge.The room was cleaned daily whilst we were out. Comfy beds and quiet night sleep each evening.Small gym on 6th floor - machine very close together for easy use.Overall the hotel was expected for a place to sleep after sight seeing all day. It was in a great location for exploring and using the subway. Good coffee shops locally for breafast.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>contesia
<Content>Not Bad The staff and service were great. Everyone was helpful and friendly. The room wasn't bad, just not great. It was a basic clean hotel room, which is important. We were there for 2 nights at around $200 a night. We had a view of the Empire State Building and a flat screen tv. The decor was a little outdate and the linen somewhat worn. The bathroom was small, but I've been in smaller in New York city. Not bad.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Malphaba
<Content>Decent, but far from what I expected       The flat screen TV  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	3	5	3	2	

<Author>Heske
<Content>Loved the New York Helmsley I have just returned from a 5 night stay at the New York Helmsley. After reading previous reviews I was little a concerned as I was travelling with a young child. However, I must have stayed at a different hotel as I found everything to be perfect. Checking in and out was easy. We were given a room with a review of the Chrysler Building on the 35th floor (as requyested by email) and had a fridge delivered to our room an hour after requesting it. The room was large and spacious. We had two double beds and a plasma telly. It was also good that the inroom safe was free.The staff were polite and helpful. The location of the hotel is great, we were within walking distance of all the major attractions (about 10 minutes to Time Square).We didn't eat at the restaurants but can recommend the PAX deli next door which is very reasonable.Overall, I would highly recommend the New York Helsmley and will definitely stay there the next time I go to New York.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SouthportTravellers
<Content>Brilliant stay at the Helmsley We have recently returned from our first visit to New York and would like to reassure any potential travellers that in my opinion the negative reviews do not reflect the Hotel in any way. Our stay at the Helmsley was brilliant ,we requested a high room with a view of the Empire state building and this was supplied . We were able to check in ahead of the allocated time and more importantly the hotel allowed us a late check out at no extra cost , which enabled us to spend more time sight seeing.Check in staff were very pleasant and even remembered to wish my husband a Happy Birthday on arrival .Big fluffy towels supplied every day together with bathroom toiletries and the rooom cleaned every day. Spotless room with huge bed and even comfy chair to sit after a very long day of walking .Only complaint for me is the lack of tea /coffee in the rooms however this is easily resolved from the Deli next door . Location of the hotel ideal as just far enough away from Times Square and all the noises but close enough for all the sightseeing. Grand Central very close and all the subway connections from here .Would highly recomend the hotel to anyone travelling to the wonderful place called New York I have emailed the hotel directly to let them know what a wonderful stay we had.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nicearbhaill
<Content>Excellent Stay Just back from 4 days in NYC and would recommend the Helmsley to all. I travelled alone and it was my first time in NYC and the Helmsley is in a great central location. Checking in and checking out were easy and efficient and my room was large and comfortable. The best thing is the location and the security - which is great when you are a lone female traveller. Security at night is very good. The decor is a little dated but the location is fab - walking distance to everything and the subway is very near.The only downside was the housekeeping staff. I was woken up twice before 9am by housekeeping trying to get in and clean my room even though there was a Do not disturb sign on my door. 9am is just too early!!!. My breakfast order was wrong aswell but it was noticed very soon. I was ok with the taking of the deposit but for other travellers please be warned about this and this is not normal practice in Ireland.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	1	

<Author>Pets75
<Content>Great Stay at the Helmsley Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Helmsley and had a great stay with this hotel. I had some concerns before we left due to a few negative reviews but I need not have worried.We arrived late afternoon on Thursday and were greeted by friendly doorstaff and equally friendly check-in staff. There were a number of guests checking in and out but as soon as we walked in a new desk was opened for us.I had mailed the very helpful reservations manager before we travelled (and also Mark the hotel manager) and as they had told me they had made a note on my reservation of a request for a king room on high floor with view of Chrysler building - and that was what I got! I in fact had a choice of which floor I wanted. We stayed in room 3107 which had a king bed and looked just like the 'city room' on the website. Room was cleaned daily to good standard and we found part from one early morning when I was woken by a baby crying for an hour or so it to be very quiet. The room was a little stuffy and despite it being about 24 degrees we had the window open a few times for some fresh air, we did try using the controls for the heater/aircon but it only seemed to throw out hot air - this could well have been my lack of skills in operating this though! ;-)We did not use any of the bars of restaurants so can't comment here, we used PAX next door for coffees and snacks but were not impressed by their breakfasts - sorry majority of reviews! We preferred the Comfort Diner on E45th Street - yum and HUGE portions with friendly staff; I am missing the banana pancakes already!Overall our stay was great and the Helmsley was in an excellent location (about 3 minutes to Grand Central) and we paid a great price for the hotel.The checkout staff were equally as helpful and we have to say the doormen were great. The Bell Captain never seemed to stop and the doorman were always very friendly and helpful.If we return to NY - which I think we will (but maybe when it is slightly warmer and there is no snow-storm!) I would definitely check out staying at the Helmsley again and would happily recommend this to friends - in fact I already have!!P  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Hendy50
<Content>Wonderful break at The Helmsley       Downtown Manhatten from the Top of the Rockerfeller building  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pneuma1
<Content>First class New York Helmsley Experience We have just returned from our first visit to New York and it was really terrific. We stayed at the New York Helmsley between 13 - 15 February and had a great stay there. The hotel was centrally located in mid town Manhattan close to all amenities.. Beautiful Central Station is very close as is Times Square. We found the reception staff very friendly and helpful and check in took no time at all. We were escorted to our room on 26th Floor by Anthony, one of the bellboys. He has been with the hotel a long time and was full of interesting info about NY. The Concierge was also very helpful providing maps and umbrellas when required. One point to be aware of is that you will be asked to secure a deposit of $100 for each night of your stay, either cash or card. Our travel agent had not mentioned this but we had picked it up from other reviews about this hotel. The hotel room was very well maintained with all mod cons, including LCD TV, recreational dressing gown and huge fluffy towels and was really warm, which was great as outside was so cold. Rooms were cleaned daily and left in mint condition. There are no tea/coffee making facilities but there is a great diner next door called PAX which is open from 6am - 10pm each day. Another good diner, is located in Pershing Square, try their Eggs Benedict, they are great!!!! All in all a very good stay in a highly recommended hotel. We will certainly be back.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CABUTLER
<Content>Good Hotel but not 4 star...       Times Sq  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	5	

<Author>Westy79
<Content>Perfect!!       The fantastic ESB seen from our room  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>leoal
<Content>Loved our stay at the helmsley Myself and boyfriend stayed at the Helmsley for 4 nights on the 6th Feb 08. We loved it! As this was our second visit to New York we wanted a hotel more central and this hotel met our expectations perfectly!On arrival we received a warm welcome by the door staff and receptionist and check in was completed in a few minutes. As we are both smokers we requested a smoking room and were given room 2709. Wow!!! The room had two big beds with a 32 lcd tv with plenty of channels to chose from, the bathroom was marble with a hairdryer and plenty of large bathtowels, hand towels and face cloths. My highlight was that we had a superb view of the Chrysler Building across the street. There is a bar downstairs with very polite and talkative bar staff and a wide selection of drinks.The Pax Deli next door is quite cheap with a huge selection of very tasty treats. Especially the cakes.We went to Planet Hollywood on Times Square one night and is a must, we received a great service and lovely food at a reasonable price, we each had a main meal,dessert and a couple of drinks which cost $48 + tip. BARGAIN!! We also tried Hard Rock Cafe but were not impressed!!I hope anyone thinking of staying at the Helmsley enjoys it as much as we did.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kitttykat
<Content>Plesant stay at NY Helmsley My husband and I have recently returned from a wonderful stay in NYC. I was a bit concerned following some of the mixed reviews on this website but was plesantly surprised. The front desk staff were friendly and upgraded us to a room on the 35th floor with a view of the empire state building without us even requesting. The room was huge with two double beds and large bathroom and was clean. The location of the hotel is great. I got a good rate booking through Expedia.com.au which was great to pay in AUD and avoid additional credit card transaction fees. Only thing I would say is beware that the hotel takes a USD 500 deposit on your credit card so make sure you account for this, not sure if this is common practice in NY but no other hotels we stayed in a 5 week trip took a large deposit from us. I would definately stay here again if ever lucky enough to visit NYC again!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>sh3z
<Content>Great hotel, amazing view..minor setbacks We had a fantastic time at this hotel. I took my mum to NY, and I'm glad I chose so well! Yes, it's pricey...most hotels in the city are. Great, friendly service (I read the reviews here and was worried about that), a nice, clean spacious room and an AMAZING VIEW (see pics). We were on the 38th floor, and the only problem we had was that the lock on our door was dodgy..it took at least 6 tries to get the door open, and after getting someone to come and 'fix' it, nothing changed. Tiny problem in the long run though. Oh, and you have to request a fridge, which we did but never received anything. We ended up buying lots of water at the nearest store and stocking it in our room. The location is unbeatable - smack in the middle of everything. Go outside, look up- Chrysler building. A 2 minute walk to Grand Central, a quick walk or taxi/subway straight to the major avenues and Times Sq. Subway station is a minute or 2 away from the hotel, and there are plenty of Starbucks around to keep you going. In the other direction 5 minutes away is the UN building. We didn't eat at the hotel restaurant as it was so expensive, but we had a few Apple Martini's and mini-cheeseburgers at the bar (both delicious!). There's a great place next door which serves excellent, cheap food for a quick breakfast or lunch- so do that instead. All in all, we had a wonderful first trip to NY, and it was nice to have this hotel to come back to at the end of those exhausting days. A tip - e-mail the hotel a night or two before you arrive, and request a room on an upper floor with a view of the Empire State. I e-mailed and explained it was our first time, we were really excited and would love it if they could help - which they did. I miss sitting on the window ledge at sunrise and staring at that view :)  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>Adaleme
<Content>Please ignore every other review about this hotel - it is terrible! Where do I start? Firstly this is my only fully negative review of any hotel in NYC!After taking the advice of previous reviews on TA, on arrival I asked for renovated rooms on a high floor for myself and friends, the reception just snortled and put us in raggedy old rooms on the 11th floor directly above an adjoining roof with very very loud work going on. I assumed (wrongly) this could be sorted out the next day having arrived very late, no such luck! A different yet similarly rude receptionist just told me to get on with it. I started to wonder whether it was becasue I had booked through a well-known online hotel provider rather than with the hotel directlyI was woken up by a telephone call at 8am each day by somebody speaking a foreign language but shouting housekeeping, I think it was their way to get people out of bed and out of the room as quickly as possible so it could be cleaned.The noise from outside was unbearable, from the works on the roof, people next door and people outside the door, it was constant! The view was dreadful and depressing! The tap wouldn't allow for the shower to be used, only the bath, yet again nobody cared and just expected the guests to get on with things, which of course we did!I do not like writing poor reviews but will make an exception in this case as the overall experience was very very dissapointing, and when you're travelling from the UK (with transatlantic flight costs) it is very important to stay somewhere that gives excellent service with added benefits of views etc - you will not get this at the New York Helmsley. There are cheaper, friendlier, cleaner hotels elsewhere in NYC.New York City is the greatest place on earth but please heed my advice and enjoy it from anywhere but the Helmsley, it may just make your stay not as enjoyable as it should be.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>IntrepidfromMontreal
<Content>Good 3-star hotel       bathroom  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>shanaclough
<Content>security problem This HOTEL has a serious security problem.My wife had her jewelery stolen from our in room coded safe.The hoter's attitude was not our problem,type of attitude. I have a duty to inform future guests of what to expect.JESSE JAMES is alive and well ,and is living in the NEWYORK HELMSLEY HOTEL.ROBERT/MARY.MATURE COUPLE. IRELAND.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sandra050
<Content>Brilliant hotel!! as it was our first time in new york we wanted a safe place to stay..we picked the right place!! The hotel was lovely,clean,friendly staff and great location. The beds were lovely our towels were changed every day and a newspaper outside the door every morning. The location was brilliant as we walked every where day or night!! and if we had to avail of a taxi the doorman had no problem getting us one of course tip needed!! i would highly recommened this hotel and on my next trip will be returning there.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>clancymel
<Content>Fabulous New York! Just not this hotel...sorry.       Empire State Building at dusk  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	1	1	

<Author>Rhodesong
<Content>What a Well Run Class Hotel       Jim in fron of a mural in the WTC subway station  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rubyroo2
<Content>Great hotel       view from room 3807  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>valcan28
<Content>Great Location We have just returned from a 5 night stay in the New York Helmsley Hotel on E42nd Street. It's in a great location, central to everywhere. We were on 31st floor, our room was large, quiet and very comfortable. As we were room only next door at Pax World did a good breakfast which I recommend.We were in New York for New Year and booked a dinner cruise through City Lights for New Year's Eve. A very enjoyable evening with fireworks at midnight beside Statue of Liberty. On New Year's day we went to Woodbury Common Outlet for a day's shopping, again I would recommend this trip for designer bargains. Of course we had to do a Broadway show and saw the Phantom of the Opera - marvellous. The Christmas tree at Rockefella Centre is magical and the Centre is worth a visit. Central Park is also a place to visit to watch the ice skating, visit the zoo and just to walk through.We walked everywhere as it's the only way to see the city. Would highly recommend this hotel and to anyone who has not been to New York to get there, it's a shoppers paradise.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mrjubs
<Content>overpriced in N.Y. we have just stayed at this hotel, and from what I've read have paid average money for this type of hotel, but at nearly 拢125 per night, i was expecting a little more.nothing stood out, no attention to detail, no real enthusiasm, the staff are just going through the motions.when we checked in around 8pm the room we had requested was not available(a king room) so we were offered a twin, with a nice big flat screen, which unfortunately was postioned on top of the desk, so you couldn't use the lap top and the other person watch tv, maybe i'm being fussy, but it's details!we changed room the following day to a king, but i had to do the chasing, to make this happen. room was ok, nothing special.on check out got some bad advice regarding taxi or limo, take a taxi to jfk!when we return to NY we'll look for a different hotel.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>kittyGalway
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed here for 5 nights on the 6th of January. We were on honeymoon. The room was huge. We were on 14th floor. The bed was a superking and oh so comfy. Really clean and housekeeping were really good at their jobs. Again as others have stated no drink making facilities in room which is annoying well for me anyway. We ordered room service once food wasnt great we had the pizza and steak sandwich. We also ate at deli next door which was really handy. Reception on check out were not the greatest very busy and at the slightest inkling we would ask a question they passed us off to concierge. Bit of a let down as rest of stay went so well. Never mind. Overall would stay there again its out of way of any hustle noisy streets etc. Try restaurant naples 45 at back of grand central lovely little place. Head chef bit of attitude but it was funny think he thought he was Gordon Ramsey.....  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Ramsden85
<Content>First time in New York After returning from a 5 night stay at The New York Helmsley from January 10th 2008, I have to admit I was very happy. If it is your first time to New York, the hotel may seem daunting at first, but believe me it is fabulous! All staff, no matter if they be catering assistants, receptionists, room maids, or security are fun and easy going. The hotels breakfast wasnt really fantastic to what we wanted, so we used the deli located just next door; try option 3, I loved it! Mindys restaurant is superb food, but maybe a little pricey; the cheaper alternative is to use Harrys Bar on the ground floor, in which case I reccomend the Sirloin Burger with Chedder  Bacon!The Helmsley is located directly in the center of most of the attractions you will probably want to visit whilst in New York. No more than 10 minutes in a taxi to either Bloomingdales or Macys (Opposite directions), and the Empire State Building, and a simple stroll left and up through 42nd street to Times Square and Grand Central Station. Do visit Bryan Park, just before Times Square, walking distance from the hotel. It has a lovely outside iceskating area, which I considered much better than the one in central park!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>britishbird
<Content>Fantastic Hotel I Contacted the hotel directly and mentioned it was a special occassion. Got a really good deal and on arrival we were upgraded for free and had an amazing room. The hotel is wonderful and in a great location. Its only few minutes walk from Grand Central and about 15 minute walk from Times Square.We got an airport bus back to the airport, theres a stop just opposite Grand Central station, saved us a fortune!Had an amazing holiday and really enjoyed our stay at the Helmsley. We even bought one of thier bath robes as we enjoyed the use of them on our stay!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AustinTexasTraveler1
<Content>Great location, lots of room Nice hotel, good location. Room was larger than I expected. Good view of the City and the Empire State Building. Coffee shops and inexpensive sandwich shops on the same block. Housekeeping wasn't good - - they didn't vacuum every day or clean the bathroom floor. However, overall the room and hotel appeared clean.Very good accommodations for the money.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>dinkey1
<Content>Great friendly hotel This hotel is everything it advertises, good location, nice re-furbished rooms, (make sure you ask for these) and friendly helpfull staff. The door men and not sure whether he was a manager in a grey suit but he was really friendly and we always got a warm welcome when we entered or left the hotel lobby.I mislaid my jacket and it had been found and packaged away in the lost property, promptley returned as soon as I asked.We stayed here on our pre-cruise stay and having visited New York previously knew the area, a couple of blocks from Grand Central was a good start as our favourite Irish Bar is situated near here. No coffee or tea making facilities, staff said this complaint had been logged, a lot of city hotels now are offering this facility, however made good use of the deli next door for snaks and breakfast.If you do travel over the Xmas period you must visit Radio Xmas show with the rockets, my husband did not want to go to this but he thoroughly enjoyed it, ' only in America' he remarked as we left the theatre.As a Travel Agent I have stayed in the larger 4/5 star chain hotels and much prefer these smaller hotels, maybee not the health clubs etc, but after a days sightseeing and shopping who would want to work out.I would definatley recomend this hotel to my clients and will return on my next stay in the Big Apple.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cheesecakegirl
<Content>A fantastic time in the Big Apple! My friend decided to celebrate her birthday in style and visit NY with 5 of her closest friends, for Thanksgiving in November!Our trip lasted 4 whole days and what a time we had! Being a seasoned traveller to New York but not having stayed at the Helmsley before, both me and my friends were very pleased with the hotel and services it provided. The rooms were comfortable, recently renovated and our requests for three rooms 'close together' was completely fulfilled in that our rooms were next door to each other on the same floor, with views of the Chrysler building right outside. Fantastic! We ate a light supper one evening in the hotel's restaurant where the food was great and service even better! We utilised Pax deli on more than one occasion - a great place to stop off for breakfast before hitting the shops! Thanksgiving is a fantastic time to visit NY - we had a brilliant viewpoint for the Macy's Day Parade and enjoyed the bargains in the shops on the Friday. Not to mention the sights. We just ran out of time..! We thoroughly recommend the NY Helmsley when visiting this fanstastic city.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>bubbaloo
<Content>Loved it! We stayed at the New York Helmsley for a week from 6th Dec and loved it!The staff were wonderful, especially on the reception desk and the lady in the souvenier shop who helped us to use the Phone Card, even offering to make the call for us if we couldn't get the hang of it.The room was extremely comfortable after a full days shopping and sight-seeing, and everything was replenished every day by housekeeping.There were plenty of towels and these were renewed every day if we left the wet ones in the bath tub.The only down side was the fact that we had to leave a $500 holding deposit at reception..it should have been $700 ($100 for each night we stayed) but the management had agreed to settle for $500 so as not to take ALL our spending money!However this was not mentioned prior to our stay when we booked through Expedia so was a big disappointment.They did allow us to take some of the money back after a few nights, when they saw we weren't running up a bill, but we had to ensure $100 a night was left for the remaining nights of our holiday.Apart from that, we had a fabulous time in New York and would definately stay at the New York Helmsley again without hesitation.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cnbc
<Content>Good Hotel, good location but Awful Waiters The Hotel is in a good and safe location, even in the night.Rooms are in very good condition, but price is still expensive: from 28/12 it was 395 + taxes. Even if it seems a normal price for NY, I find this expensive, and only with weak dollar many foreing tourist can afford it!We use a lot the room service and quality of food was excellent, even for europeans :)I have a complaint for the level of the staff at the breakfast: they were really amateurs! They have no education for this job!A morning I was looking for a table to sit in, and the waiter started screaming in a something like Indi-English ...After he and the restaurant manager did apologies for the waiter behaviour, but it stiil remain like a not confortable experience as when you wake up you don't really have mooth to fight with a stupid waiter just because he is not able to do his job!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eurospender
<Content>Great value for Manhattan Our first long visit to NY (7 days over Xmas. Family of four - 2 grown up kids 22 .19. Wanted a mid priced but comfortable hotel relatively close to NY attractions. WIth so many available it was difficult to know best to be special for our visit over Christmas.On arrival at JFK, had booked Supershuttle service in advance via expedia. This proved excellent - a courtesy phone next to info desk at arrival hall got service within 20 mins.Other option can be yellow cab which charges $45 flat rate from JFK to any manhattan hotel ( but metered on return journey) Also discovered bus service stops 1 block from hotel.Hadnt really realised how good location of hotel was. First wonder was that iconic Chrysler building was the first thing you saw outside the hotel as you looked skyward. Awesome ! Impressive drivein/out front entrance and large lobby giving a feeling of above average class. Reception and lobby crew friendly. A major plus is 6 lifts ensuring little waiting time. We were on 14th floor, unfortunately with only a view of the office block opposite but the room was clean, two excellent good size double beds ( yes the kids had to share ! ) clean bathroom/shower and was quickly made our base. As other travellers have mentioned, a silly let down which did niggle us each morning was the lack of any drink making facilities. Although room service was available, it just seemed a bit pricey, certainly on a daily basis. However, this was made up for ( again as mentioned by others ) with the excellent Pax deli next door which became the main breakfast ritual ( total about $6 a head for large (their medium)coffee and egg/sausage/bacon muffin. To spoil yourself, a visit to Pershing Square opposite Grand Central Station ( 1 block away - 5 mins) offered a great breakfast treat $92 for total blowout. Transport for us becameeither simply walking - we walked miles - but for some reason it didnt seem bad. Times Square, the heart of it all was only 15 mins away ( enough to walk off breakfast )or taxis. As we were 4, it was actually the most economic and convenient way of getting around - except at peak times e.g. 6pm ish or 8pm ish. Getting to theatres trhough Times Square was gridlock - so allow time.But Helmsley to Times Square was on average $6-$8 including tip usually expected but gratefully received.Restaurants abound with huge variation of price. Most add on 15% gratuity and even on till receipt suggest more but its up to you. Best value 1 block down from Times Square we found was a Chinese Eat as Much as you like called Mid Town Buffet on 7th Ave. AT lunchtime it was $7.95 and this INCLUDED bottomless Coke/Sprite. Silly value. In the evening it went up to $11.95. Needless to say we ate there twice. Have never seen so many King prawns in my life ! An absolute must. Other recommends are TGI Fridays on Times Square and Lindys and if you are into prawns then a MUST visit is to Bubba Gump in Times Square too- atmosphere and amazing food ( quantity too ) something not to miss.We are theatre people so Broadway was a must and no let downs here. Try and book direct with box office. The premium seat prices are well over the top. For those on the cheap, visit the discount ticket stall just off times square on the day of a show. You might be lucky. A must for us was the radio city christmas spectacular. Glitzy, glam and the famous rockettes. A christmas special. The theatre itself is a wonder - would imagine the backstage visit would be worthwhile.Attractions - we took a helicopter trip as a special ($170 for 12 mins) , rockafella centre top of the rock definitely for a view of the skyline ( Had already done empire state last time) and the very poignant ground zero visit. We did staten island ferry ( passing but not stopping at liberty island) via a 5 hour tour by new york party tours - seemed a good deal with a smaller bus size and definitiely dedicated guide ($60).There is just so much to see and do. We crammed all we could into our week and christmas made it very special - definitely a time of year to visit. And the Helmsley is certainly a based to return to. Thanx to all there for making our 2007 stay in the Big Apple so memorable.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cmalloy
<Content>My last review still stands My second review of the New York Helmsley is almost identical to my first, which was written last year. The staff is still helpful and courteous, the location remains great, and the price is right. Ironically, my shower was not the best (like last year's). The water poured equally from the showerhead and the tub's spigot. Additionally, the room's cleanliness was a little lacking; there were a couple of hairs in the tub. And at the risk of being overly critical, there was a need for touch up paint on the doors, but the rest of the room was fine. The rooms are good-sized for NY's primo area and all in all, I remain very satisfied with my experience. The price of $200.00 a night for this area is hard to beat. We still noticed that the rooms were a bit overheated, just open the window and the stuffiness is forgotten. I hesitate to recommend that remedy because of environmental concerns. Again, these problems are minor if you get a good price. Oh, one positive is security: in the evening, the hotel security checks room keys before allowing patrons to go to their rooms  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>charmedalt
<Content>Perfect place to stay in NYC This hotel is fabulous! I read many of the reviews AFTER I booked this hotel and I have no regrets. True, there is no coffee in the room but room service will bring you a pot of good coffee for 5.95. The staff is amazing and the location couldn't be any better. My husband and I went here for our one year anniversary and now want to make it a yearly tradition with our whole family. The location is perfect-you have easy access to everything. We only took a cab once and that was to the airport (LGA). I would recommend as a tourist to get the Greyline 3 day hop on hop off pass. It is well worth the $ (112.00/per person). Note that the museums are donation only but they will ask for a certain amount-if you aren't planning on making a day of it, I would suggest maybe 10.00 rather than the 20.00 asked for. They will accept that, in fact will ask if 20.00 is okay. The people are incredible. I was apprehensive to go because of the past reputation of the city but it is now one of the safest cities in the world-I believe it! It is winter time and I am a clothes horse but if you want to see the city, do what I did and bring a few pair of jeans, some warm sweaters (winter time) and most importantly, very comfortable shoes. We walked miles and miles-I wish I had brought a pedometer so I could gauge how far we walked. The hotel also has a pretty nice workout room as well. Our room was on the 29th floor-we did have somewhat of a view of the Chrysler building but the room was so nice it wasn't an issue. The only negative thing that I can say about the room is that the lighting is very dim-especially the bathroom lighting. If you want knock off purses, skip Canal Street and go to Ground Zero, there is where you find the nice knock offs but the sellers are pretty discrete. We got 5 for $140.00, 4 Coach and 1 Kate Spade, very nice ones. Enjoy your stay, the hotel is fabulous and the food is really good and the prices are comparable to most of the restaurants. Note that a 15% gratuity at most places is already added in to your total. Have a great time!!!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tara1001
<Content>New York Magic We stayed here from 22nd December for 5 nights over Christmas. We were more than pleased with the hotel. The room was fab, lovely and spacious. Bed very comfortable and welcoming after a long day walking. Staff were very helpful, especially Maki at reception. Bell boys were also very helpful. The only downpoint in our stay was Christmas dinner (for which we had pre-booked). The meal was very hasty. My green salad was wilted and the chowder was lukewarm. We hadn't even finished our started and we could see our mains sitting waiting on the counter from where we were sitting going cold. We both ordered warm apple caramel for dessert but it arrived refrigerated cold and was not nice at all. However, even though we were really dissappointed with this, we cannot take away from an otherwise very enjoyable stay. I would definately stay here again and would recommend to our friends.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jenjacknick
<Content>location, location, location We spent 5 nights in this hotel from the 7th of December. Like one of the other posters, we checked in and were told that our room wasn't ready but they my credit card detials etc and told us it would be ready on our return. We were in a party of 7 girls spread across three rooms and wanted to stay togethter. On our return we were told that our room had been given to some one else and we would have to make to with another.  The manager who dealt with this was not friendly or overconcerned at the upset. The new room did not have a safe so we move once again and this time back to the same floor as our friends. There was no apology from the manager but the front desk were in embarrassed. Any how the hotel location is fab!! We were about 15 minutes walk from macy's , Grand Central was 5 minutes walk. The deli next door is the best!  I had a manicure and pedicure next door for $30. The bell boys are very attentive.  The rooms were spotlessly clean and spacious for a new york room.  The bar in the hotel was a welcome oasis after a days shopping, though the wait staff could be a little more smiley!I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>GerardNetherlands
<Content>Comfortable hotel Comfortable hotel, conveniently located near Grand Central Station. Asked for a room with a city view in advance, and got a very nice room on the 36th floor overlooking UN building and Chryslerbuilding.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	2	3	2	4	

<Author>Trev2003
<Content>Great Hotel, Excellent Location, and Value Great hotel, staff was very accommodating, wonderful location and excellent views of the city. The hotel is a little dated even with the recent renovation. Even with that said I had a wonderful time, and would recommend anyone to stay there.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Amanda64
<Content>NYH - Great location, good value I was in a group of 7 visiting NYC for shopping and Christmas atmosphere, we stayed for 4 nights and couldn't really fault the hotel. Reception staff were very friendly and welcoming and the porters were always pleased to help with luggage and shopping. One porter quite happily escorted me to my room as I don't like using lifts on my own!! There is a fabulous deli. right next door for great breakfasts and snacks, and it is very well situated for subway and buses. The twin rooms were great, with comfortable beds and good sized bathrooms. The triple room requested was exactly the same as the twins, i.e. two double beds which meant 2 people sharing a bed, but from previous experience that is standard for NY hotels. A hairdryer is provided but no kettle. We were on the 19th floor overlooking 42nd Street so had a fantastic view of the Chrysler building and the rest of our party were on the 20th floor looking over 41st Street with a great view of the Empire State building so we really felt part of New York as soon as we arrived.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marysj
<Content>Very Pleased We just returned from the NYH and have to say that we were very pleased. I wanted a good location, cleanliness and I didn't want to break the bank. In the end, we went for the NYH and are very glad we did. The location is fantastic - you can walk to Times Square in under 15 minutes and the subway is less than a 5 minute walk. Our room was large, very clean and we had a view of the Chrysler Building if we stood in the right spot. Bathroom was spic and span with loads of hot water. We found the staff very accommodating and were glad to have a bar and restaurant in the building after one particularly long, cold day. Bar has a nice atmosphere and the martinis were pretty darn good. Good deli next door for breakfast - Pax. The only problem we had was that the room was hot, despite not having turned the heating on. Most of the time we had the windows open. That can be a bit noisy - even 34 floors up - but that's what NY is all about. Overall, would stay again and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it. Nice, large, good value hotel.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TW1
<Content>Good Hotel, Great Location When we arrived we were given a lovely room that we were very pleased with. We then went out for a few hours only to find on our return that we could not get in our room. When we told reception that we could not get the key card to work they informed us that someone else had our room and that they had moved all our baggage out of there into another room!. Unfortunatly they had left our passports and all our money in the old room with the new customers ! Not a good start. Although we did get everything back the management were not very appologetic. After this bad start things did get better, and I have to say that the rooms were very clean, as were the bathrooms. The hotel is also about 10-12 mins from times square, 4 mins from central station and about 15mins from The Empire State Building, so well situated. Harry's Bar in the hotel is a nice place for a drink and the Bar Tender (Orlando) is very friendly. Have breakfast in John's Diner up the road, as it is very 'New York Diner' ish, and also a lot cheaper than the hotel. The staff on reception were generally very helpful, and the view from our floor (29th) of the Chrysler building and street below was 'awesome'!. Although we had initial problems We would stay here again. Don't forget to visit Ground Zero as it is very moving.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>jgbot0909
<Content>Big Disappointment I am a travel agent and have been to New York many times. Have stayed at large as well as boutique hotels. I returned last night from a 3 night trip where I took four other couples. I booked the New York Helmsley because it was the ONLY midtown hotel for under $400 per night. We paid $395 and the website said property was recently renovated....can't be true. This is an old, very dated hotel. Mildew on shower curtain, I wouldn't dare take a bath due to tub ring. Not a picture or mirror on the walls in the room. Old, navy blue print bedspread.....didn't dare sleep with it. Heater with temp control that did not work....on high the entire time. Toilet that ran constantly.Arrived at hotel and not a person offered to help with luggage. We arrived by taxi and took our own bags from the trunk, checked in and took our own bags to the room!!I was terribly disappointed.....would never stay there again and WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND IT TO ANY CLIENTS.Jane GuilloryBox Office TravelLongview, Texas  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WorthingTraveller
<Content>No fault found We have just returned from our first trip to the Big Apple. Chose this hotel after hours of trawling through Trip Advisor and it didn't let us down. The staff were friendly, welcoming and polite and the room was clean, comfortable and quiet. We had upgraded to the Premier room and felt it was worth it for the extra bit of space it gave. The only downside was the price of the drinks in Harry's bar, which came as a bit of a shock. Experience taught us, though, that spirits always seem to come as a double measure in NY and with a price that more than matches, so it seems a bit unfair to hold it as a minus against the hotel.Also, although it was right on top of the Chrysler Building and not far from Grand Central Station, It was a little bit away from the majority of the main attractions, which meant extra walking. This didn't bother us but is something to take into account if mobility is a problem.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>CricketerWestSussex
<Content>Superb Hotel       Room 3401, a Superior Room  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>leadingnote
<Content>Great hotel       Outside  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	1	

<Author>maddieIreland
<Content>perfect stay this was my second time in new york and after staying at this hotel i will definately be returning. the staff are all very helpful. i stayed with three girlfriends in one room, which was very spacious.the hotel is located close to grand central station. i would 100% recommend this hotel.also there is a fab deli right next door with wonderful staff.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Happy_Parsnips
<Content>Great position Helpful staff especially consierge. Grumpiest male deputy manager I'veever met but he was the only unhappy one there. Food just average but next door there is a `Pax' that you can get breakfast to eat in or take back to room which is very reasonable. No refreshment tray in room so you might want to take a travel kettle etc. with you if you like a drink first thing. Old hotel but fine, rooms larger than a lot in town and bathroom old but fine and clean. You can walk everywhere from this hotel, or the doorman can easily whistle up a taxi for you and these are really reasonably priced. Remember to ask for a high room to get a good view. Pier 17 area down near wall street definatelyworth a visit, lovely views, nice little shopping center and good barsplus short walk from the helicopter trip place which I would recommenddoing for sure if the weather is good (book through hotel consierge) plus its a 10 minute walk from World Trade Centre site if you want to visit. St. Pauls chapel opposite WTC definately one to visit - very moving. Regarding shopping watch out for the independent electrical retailers who all seem to advertise cheap offers in the window on cameras, apple ipods etc., that don't materialise in the shop. Best stick to the tried and tested big shops or radio shack for gadgets. Very easy to blow an absolute fortune on not very much so watch out. Remember to add approx. 10% sales tax to everything you see and also that restaurants suggest up to 20% of bill as gratuity which can bump it up (there is sales tax on this as well). Would definately stay hereagain.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jehoolie
<Content>Great location, good size rooms Great location in Mid Town, spacious rooms. Clean, a little kitsch (deco a bit old fashioned) but otherwise a good hotel with a bar, restaurant and parking next door.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>GreenEyedIrishGirl
<Content>Great hotel in a excellent location Stayed in the Helmsley for 5 nights at the start of Nov. Old fashioned decor in the hotel, but it was spotless and rooms were quite big. We stayed on the 24th floor and had a nice view of 42nd St. Fab location - 10 mins walk from Time Square and the Empire State Building and 5 minutes from Grand Central Station. Reception and Check In staff are so nice and helpful. Door men are very friendly and are alway ready for a chat and a joke. Have security on at night time, but they are not intimidating at all to guests. Only complaint is the concierge (a woman) was very dismissive of us when we asked questions about internet access in the business centre and refused to go in and turn back on one of the PC's that had been turned off (theres only 2 PC's there). She told me to wait! Apart from that, we would highly recommend the Helmsley!Oh, and don't use the ATM in the lobby at the weekend. We waited for out money to come out for almost 15 minutes only to be told by the reception staff that there is never any money in it at the weekend!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LEOFRICK
<Content>Some nice touches Superb mid-range hotel with a touch of class. Nice room with a good view of the Chrysler Building. Staff were all courteous and helpful. Ate dinner there twice. Not great but definitely not bad. Worth a visit if, like us, you couldn't face any more hustle bustle after a busy day. I would definitely stay there again.Some nice touches such as free bath robes and New York Times on weekdays. Good rate for Manhattan. Great location, being in the centre of everything. Just a block from airport buses if you want to travel that way.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>fl0ssie
<Content>Helmsley new York clean and comfortable!! Just returned from a 5 night stay at the New York Helmsley Hotel and I was pleased with the cleanliness and comfort of the hotel. It was well placed, a few minutes walk from Grand Central Station and the Crysler Building and a 10 min walk to times Square. We ate only once in the bar and food was OK but there are lots of places to eat nearby so we wanted to try different places. Pershing Square diner was good quality for breakfast( just opposite Grand Central Station )Consierge was helpful, staff on reception a liitle sour faced butoverall I would definitely stay again as we had no problems.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>PAM1947
<Content>Loved the location My husband and I stayed here rom 27th October 07 for 4 nights before joining the QM2 Cruise. We had a room on the 19th Floor and had no complaints. Check in excellent and staff very friendly and helpful also. conscierge very helpful. Enjoyed our dinner and used the bar each night-I think a fridge and tea and coffee making facility would make it 100%. We hope to visit New York again and will definitely use this hotel again - location perfect  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>tw21
<Content>Not a great place We stayed 2 nights at the New York Helmsley recently. The lobby and Harry's Bar are fine. Staff was courteous and accommodating. Our room was clean, bathroom was large. These are the pluses.  Now for the problems: The bed was terrible- lumpy, old, almost impossible to sleep on. In addition, the air conditioning did not work. When we first went to the room it must have been 85 degrees in there, with heat blasting out of the radiator. Attempts to adjust the thermostat were unsuccessful but I was eventually able to shut off the heat. The room remained too warm for the duration of our stay. In summary, I would not recommend the New York Helmsley, especially given its high price. There are better options in NYC.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Peig_Sayers
<Content>Great locaton We stayed here for 5 nights at the end of October. The best thing about the hotel is the location. We walked everywhere, to Time Square, 5th Ave, Central Park etc. The room was ok, not bad but not fantastic. We were staying in a standard room so perhaps it would be worth paying the extra for a superior room. There wasn't much of a view as we were on a low floor. The curtains didn't close property and like previous reviewers we also had trouble with the shower/bath. On the positive side, the room was clean and the bed was comfortable.We ate dinner there one night. The food was lovely if a little expensive. The bar area is quite nice and the food seved there is ok.Overall, we were happy enough with the hotel especially as we spent most of our time out and about. I think maybe if we were to return we'd go for a superior room or maybe splash out on a nicer hotel.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>traveluvr
<Content>Nice hotel, a bit 'tired' The New York Helmsley is a very nice hotel in a great location - very near Grand Central so you can access both trains and the Subway very easily. With just a few blocks walk to Time Square, there is plenty of shopping and restaurants to be visited. We spent 3 days at the hotel and they did 'upgrade' us to a 'room with a view' on the 37th floor, but that meant going from a king size bed to a room with 2 double beds - but the view was worth it. The floor was quiet so no complaints there. The room itself was nicely decorated but quite 'tired' looking. A re-decoration would have allowed us to give it a much higher rating. The room did have a large flat screen TV and in room safe. The bathroom was small but adequate - wallpaper was peeling at the seams, vanity mirror was dropped in the frame. They did have free WIFI internet available in the rooms however, we did have issues getting logged in - actually had to use another guest鈥檚 details to do so (per the front desk)! Perhaps we are being a bit fussy, but the price of this hotel is not cheap and we feel that for the cost of the room, they should be top-notch; but then again, this is NYC and nothing is really inexpensive there. I think they should at least have had coffee/tea facilities in the room. All in all, it served our purpose but I don't think we will be staying there on our next visit to NYC - there are just too many other hotels to try there.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>Sandy16
<Content>Great Hotel Great Loaction Stayed here for a week with my wife and 2 teenage daughters. Room was quiet and clean, staff were courteous and effiecient. Check in was a breeze after long flight and the same at check out. Breakfasted in the deli next door. Two minutes from the nearest subway and 5 minutes from Grand Central with good choice of eateries. Would stay there again for any future NY trips.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>JosieVenuto
<Content>Very disappointed After reading the reviews I am amazed. I found the room just plain dirty and in need of a major sprucing up. Fancy lights with crystals in the bathroom don't make up for the dust encrusted on them. The bathroom had a leaky sink, the caulk in the shower was gross. Also, the tub shower and faucet were running at the same time. It seems that at one time it may have been nice but needs a major going over. Did I mention a tear in the sheets. On the plus side, the people working there were all very nice and pleasant.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>michelle_anne1983
<Content>Happy times at The New York Helmsley!!       View from our room  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>happytime19
<Content>Great Location, Large room for New York       View Of Chrysler Bulding from NY Hemlsley  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>sophie_in_london
<Content>Very Pleasant New York Hotel This was a really lovely hotel and my partner and I were both pleasantly surprised. We stayed here for Valentine's day and it was a perfect romantic getaway. We had a fantastic view of the Empire state building from our room.It is in a great location- near many tourist attractions e.g Chrysler building, Grand Central Station, Times Square and Empire State building. The rooms were clean, with a TV and loads of channels to choose from.The staff are really helpful and pleasant as well.I would also recommend having dinner at the hotel as it is really great food. We had our Valentine's day meal here and it was extremely cheap- $20 for a three course gourmet meal and all drinks (beer and wine) included.Hotels in New York can often be a bit hit and miss but this one was a real gem.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Lulu32
<Content>Great hotel with view of the Chrysler Building! Stayed in this hotel in early October in a double double room. Room was large with comfy beds and plenty of towels etc.Check-in staff were friendly and concierge really helpful (although the female concierge was a bit snooty with my male travelling companions!!). The room had a view of the Chrysler Building looking left and the United Nations looking right - very exciting!Location was great - a short stroll from Central Station for the subway and plenty of restaurants in all directions for breakfast/dinner etc.Really good hotel - would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	3	4	

<Author>Orbitspaw
<Content>No complaints We had two stays of two nights each at the New York Helmsley Hotel. We were pleased with the good sized rooms and the spotless cleanliness. Location is very desireable and transportation is a cinch with busses running in front of the hotel and the subway close by. We had breakfast twice in the hotel restaurant and once with room service. The food was good but it seemed to be overpriced.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>NickLangstaff
<Content>New York Helmsley....Fabulous What a fabulous place, pleasant, helpful staff, very clean, quiet and calm. Wonderful location...central for everything one could need. Recommend booking direct with the hotel. The manager is the most accommodating and generous person you could hope for. Will definately visit again, no need to look any further.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gottogonow
<Content>Great Central Location We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights (Oct. 3 - 6th. ) before starting a cruise.The hotel was in a great location, near Grand Central Station and the Chrysler building. We asked for one of the renovated rooms in the upper levels but none were available, we were given a room on the 22nd floor. The next morning the front desk called us and told us they had one of the upper rooms available and offered to move us. I felt their followup was beyond the call. Very professional and appreciated, however we declined as I felt we were high enough. My only complaint about the room was that there was no coffee maker, refrigerator or bottled water available. We also had the misfortune of being awaken at 3:00 am by the hotel's fire alarms going off and the fire engines arriving 22 floors below our window. We gathered in the hall along with the rest of the guests on our floor to plan our escape down the staircase. After repeated unanswered calls to the desk downstairs we started our escape. Finally a voice in broken English came across a public address system that it was a false alarm. I am disabled and walk with a cane. I would never have survived that 22 floor escape. We loved New York City and we would probably consider staying here again but next time on a lot lower floor!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Leothescouser
<Content>2nd visit - just as good as the 1st Returned to the Helmsley for the 2nd time within a year with my wife and took our 2 daughters this time.I gave this Hotel 5 *'s last time I reviewed it and it hasn't changed. The location for the price can't be beaten in my opinion with no complaints about the Hotel itself other than the food and drink are pricey.Staff great, location great, rooms great - what more do you want.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Bruzzz
<Content>Absolutely Stunning Hotel We completed an Eastern Us tour and booked out of our tour hotel early. Arrived at the New York Helmsley 11.00 am which is early by US standards as rooms are only supposed to be vacated by 12.00noon.We were were very pleasantly surprised by the very friendly and helpful desk staff, who booked us into a room immediately without any extra charge. We were even able to choose a smoking room on floor reserved for smoking rooms. A lot of travellers really appreciate this comfort vz standing on the street corner having a quick puff.The room was a large double room on the 27th floor facing East 42nd Street. The room was clean, very well appointed, modern, it felt 5 starish, and the view was fantastic. Look to the left and see Chrysler building in all it's glory, and to the right you can see the United Nations building.The bathroom was also very modern, clean, lots of towels, shampoos, soaps etc. and also had a small refrigerator which was fantastic.The Hotel is really classy for the price we paid, very close to many of the main sight seeing attractions which is perfect when you are on a sight seeing mission as we were.We were out for the most of each day, but when we returned from our sightseeing, the rooms were made up and everything was just perfect.We unfortunately did not sample the hotel's food, as we were on the go, but grabbed breakfast next door at PAX or up 42nd at the Grand Central Food concourse where there must be more than 40 food outlets, with every type of food conceivable and at reasonable prices.Our compliments to the management and staff for being so polite and helpful. I will always go back to The New York Helmsley on East 42nd. I recommend this hotel to everybody who is looking for a really classy 3-4 star hotel. You will not be sorry.Bruno Swanepoel54 Prince StreetAthlone ParkAmanzimtotiKwazulu NatalSouth African4126You can gladly contact me on brunosw@telkomsa.net  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BobnSue
<Content>Great Hotel Great Location Booked this hotel after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor. So many of the other NY hotels had really bad reviews. We were not disappointed with the Helmsley, it was great. I asked for a room on a high floor with a view of the Empire State if possible and that is exactly what we got! A spacious, well appointed room on the top floor with a fab view. - It was perfect!! Thankyou to all the staff who made it happen! We can recommend the River Hudson dinner cruise which was EXCELLENT and the Marriott Marquis Hotel revolving restaurant on the 47th floor also very well worth a visit. The food at both was really very good. Having said that so was the food we had every where else including small delis. It was our first trip and everything we did was as we expected or better. Don't forget to do the Statue of Liberty, The Empire State, Ground Zero, United Nations, Brooklyn Bridge and the Rockerfeller Center and, of course a show on Broadway! We managed to get tickets from TKTS for Mama Mia which was great!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Brodders
<Content>Excellent hotel Stayed here before in Sept 2006 and came back in March 2007. The hotel has an excellent location on 42nd St and a short walk down to UN Building.We were given a room on a high floor overlooking 42nd St and had an excellent view of the Chrysler Building.The room was spacious. We had breakfast from the deli next door but they do supply a fridge for the room, so could keep milk and drinks to have in the room.Got an excellent rate at hotelclub.com.Staff are friendly and there was 2 internet stations to use for free.Would stay here with no hesitation.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SubaruDriver
<Content>Good location A one night business stay on my own. Room was average sized for New York and Bed very comfortable. Room consisted of 2 beds. Plasma screen on the wall.Internet was free via Wi-Fi, but would have been nice if there was a wireless keyboard in the room if you didn't have a computer with you.No coffee or tea facilities. Bathroom was equipped with Gilchrist and Soames toiletries. Bathroom looked, and felt a little old.Had dinner in the restaurant. Food was excellent, service very good and prices not bad either. Trouble is, the restaurant looks VERY dated indeed. Good location - a couple of blocks from everything really, almost next to Grand Central Station. Would stay again, but it felt like I paid a huge amount - but then again, all hotels I looked at for my stay seemed liked their prices were massively increased.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	3	

<Author>Bugs1947
<Content>Great Location Great location. Clean. Friendly staff. Security 5*'s. Ate next door at Pax deli. Only down side-no coffee/tea making facilities in rooom.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eoleary
<Content>Great location Just back from a five day family trip to NYC from Ireland. The NY Helmsey was just what I had hoped for. Well located, clean and friendly. We had a room on the twenty first floor with a brill view ( not that you are going to spend time looking out the window with so much to do and see). We did not eat at the hotel but instead had breakfast at 'Pax' next door (good value food and handy).We found a great place to eat in the evening (Libretto's on 3rd. Avenue). Out the hotel door and turn left. Left again on 3rd. Avenue and you will find it a seven minute walk away on the right of the avenue. Great atmosphere loads of good italian food and nice wine at a good price. Family loved it. Wo Hop on Mott Street in China Town was another good experience for a family meal. This chinese 'cafe' in the basement is busey as it is well used by newyorkers (which is why we tried it after seeing the natives going in).If your stuck for time (as we were one evening when going to a show) a nice way of having fast food can be found at a no frills outlet just past and next door to McDonalds on the left past Grand Central (up the 42nd.street from the hotel). Here you can have a pizza or pasta dish made up to your own preference while you watch. You then sit down and eat it piping hot out of a plastic bowl with plastic knife and fork and a bottle of soda or water.Tip for the trip would be as we did. Go up Rockerfeller Centre in the morning and the Empire State in the evening (we went up at 11pm and found the ques to be very short).We found that newyorkers in general were either very rude or very nice and rather than get annoyed, we let there be a competion to find the rudest and the nicest. We felt very safe anywhere we went and can't wait to go back (in which case we will head for the NY Helmsley again).  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>candy96
<Content>Helmsley Hotel We stayed at hte Helmsley Hotel New York for three nights. It was fantastic!! Couldn't have been closer to all the great sights in New York. We had a view from our window of theChrysler Building 5 min walk to Times Square. Grand Central Terminal 2 min away. Food wonderful service immpecable highly recommended  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>networkdc
<Content>Everything you need for a great NYC experience We just returned from NYC last night, and I must say, this hotel was pretty good.It's close location to Grand Central/42nd St. subway station was great! You just have to walk a block and a half and you're there.The room itself is good. Yes, a little outdated decor-wise, but the 32 flat screen totally made up for it! Room quite spacious, and the bathroom was nicely done.The only complaint I have about this hotel is, their concierge had no clue what she was talking about when I called down to get info on the airport shuttle to JFK. I talked to TWO different people and they both told me to hike down 42nd to 5th/6th Ave. where we'd find the bus pick-up. It was 84 deg. in NYC yesterday afternoon...my husband  I high-tailed it 4-5 blocks to this location with all of our luggage only to find out that it was the bus pick-up for NEWARK airport (yes, i mentioned that we were flying out of JFK THREE TIMES when i called concierge)!! We then asked the bus driver where the JFK pick-up was and he led us in the right direction - 3 blocks back from where we came from. I was not a happy girl...Kind of left a bad aftertaste of our experience at the NY Helmsley, but I would still stay there again if the chance were to arise.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>holidaytime1
<Content>Ideal Location The Helmsley was ideally placed for a short stay in New York. We were able to walk to most locations, bedrooms and bathrooms were clean and room service good. Only downside for me was no coffee making facilities in the room, and the restaurant was not open for the summer, although food was available from the bar. So you have to pop next door to Pax for your morning caffine fix! Would certainly stay again.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>fulmarHull
<Content>great hotel poor reception staff the hotel was very good in all aspects apart from the somtimes surly attitude of some female members of the reception desk one even sneered when i offered to settle my extras account at the end of our stay by travellers cheque which she made obvious she did not like the extra work it entailed . we asked for a high floor but only got the eleventh but the room was clean a little dated but had comfy beds as two people were staying in the room i could not work out why only was  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	3	4	

<Author>IanCBelfast
<Content>Be Warned... make sure you bring a credit card with you! Even though you Book and prepaid for the Helmsley Hotel New York via Expedia.co.uk. you will be asked to pay $100 pernight for your stay. money refundable when you leave. sort of cover insurance... So if all you are carrying is travellers cheques for safety- it is New York, you will be disappointed as they dont go ot of their way to accomodate.This is my only concern. After 10 hrs of travelling, this isnt a welcome surprise, which is not mentioned anywhere when booking through Expedia. Other than that, its a good hotel, with some really nice employees marred only with the inflexible 'do it by the book' attitude.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>Juls39
<Content>Fantastic Would recommend the Helmsley for anyone visiting New York. Hotel is excellent with all amenities as described. Staff wonderful and really helpful. Security great. Can not fault the Helmsley at all. Was in a panic before we arrived as had been told by our agent that we had refurbished room. Contacted hotel who said this was not the case. However, on our arrival manager had done what he said and we were given room on the 29th floor with great views. Will definately stay at the Helmsley when we return to New York. Brand spanking new Gym which was used by my hubbie and teenage son. My 9 year old loved the ice machine in the corridor! Rooms spotless with daily maid service.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>davelympany
<Content>A little dated but great location! Our room was ok, a little dated, but nice and comfy beds, we where on 34th floor but the view wasnt that great. Lobby was very plush and the staff where excellent, very helpfull. Little shop in lobby and floor 3 has payphones and restrooms. Everything was very clean and well organised, but the best thing about this hotel is the location!Grand central only a few blocks, Empire state the same, macy`s etc etc Times square and the list goes on.......its located on 42nd street east which is central and perfect for your vacation. We got taxis` only a few times as the position is so good we could walk almost everywhere with ease.We loved Manhattan and the hotel was a great compliment to the stay in NY!**Recomended**  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>louthIreland
<Content>Just as described on website. After a stay of four days, we found the hotel was just as described on the website, the rooms were spacious, clean and very comfortable. Bathrooms were immaculate, however, one of the baths had a crack. Soft fluffy towels in plentiful. Room service very thorough. Dining room staff and food were very satisfactory, and good value. Only downside was the bell boy was not very gentle with luggage and some valuable items got broken. However, not discovered until our return home. Overall I found the hotel and most of the staff very efficient.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>rrleisurelady
<Content>Good location.       4-07: a  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>pakia9
<Content>Belligerent security staff, bad atmosphere We stayed here recently. Hotel is well located in midtown Manhattan near to the Chrysler building and Grand Central. Rooms were clean and ours had a nice view of the Empire State Building. There is a heavy (and heavy handed) security presence in the hotel - most notably in the lobby. Our 6 year old accidentally locked the bathroom door (thankfully from the outside) and we couldn't open it. I rang the front desk and who did they send up to fix it? a security guard in shades! Mind you he did manage to get it open and was on the walkie talkie to the maintenance guys to 'DISREGARD - I REPEAT DISREGARD!! We laughed ourselves silly when he left.Another night I was in the bar having a drink and just about to return to my room. I was immediately stopped by a BIG security guy who loudly questioned me in front of everyone. He wanted to see my room card and when I pointed out I did not have it with mehe began eyeballing me and posturing aggressively. I honestly thought he was going to throw me out there and then. I told him my room number and he let me go, sneering at me as I hurriedly left the scene. What annoyed me about this was that all he had to do was ask me my name and room number and check it with the front desk - instead he seemed more intent on intimidating and humiliating me (he succeeded on both counts). And I could have given him any old baloney by just giving my room number! I did ring the manager to complain. She said she would meet with department heads to discuss the matter. I wasn't at all surprised to hear nothing more. The only time we felt threatened at all during our stay in New York was when we were in this hotel. We'll definitely visit NY again but we'll be giving this place a wide berth.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	3	1	3	

<Author>fromMI
<Content>Will stay there again Room was very nice and the staff was amazing. Location was good, very easy to get around with Grand Central just a few blocks away. When I go back this is were I will stay again.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ABD119
<Content>Only if you have to The stench in the corridors was unbearable! The room was quite spacious in NY terms, but was begging for renovation. Location is quite good, if you like staying in mid-town. If it's a business trip to NY - I'd recommend it. Anything more - I would aim at a better hotel.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>world-traveler96
<Content>OMG!       Double double room  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>paulandsuerus
<Content>loved the hotel wow the hotel was fantastic ,we stayed for four nights and the service ,the staff and the room were great .The staff left us alone but they would go out of their way if need be.the room was very clean and spacious.I would strongly recomend!!!!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fergi-Boy
<Content>Great Location We stayed at The New York Helmsley for the first part of our USA holiday. Having never been to New York, we really didn't know where to start. I'd looked at a few and it was the reviews on this site that made my mind up to stay here. Being only a 5 minute walk from Grand Central Station made it really easy to find our way around. We were on the 39th floor with a good view. The views of they Crysler tower really are wonderful if you're lucky enough to get them.The room was really spacious, although we didn't spend much time in the room. So much to do in New York, we only used the hotel as a pit stop. Stopping only for sleep and to have a couple in the bar. The Bar staff were very friendly and gave us a few tips on where to go and when.We will be going back to New York at some point and I will look to book at the New York Helmsley again.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>EgorTheRed
<Content>NYC = Greatest City in the World       Liberty and the Manhattan Peninsula  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>ozzieholiday
<Content>What is wrong with New Yorkers? We stayed at the Helmsley and were really annoyed with the service. First they didn't have our booking - and even after we showed proof, they denied we had booked. They suggested we may have used a illegal website. So with some heavy persuading they finally offered us a room - but they swiped our card incase we were lying about booking. We didn't know at the time, but they charged us again for the room!!! And at a high late rate.Then we had our bags grabbed by the bag-boy 'Ralph' who seemed to not understand our instructions not to. Then he had a problem with the fact we had no US money yet to give him a tip (for a job badly done mind you) so he stormed out slamming our door. Welcome to NYC! These two incidents put a horrible start to our trip - all thanks to the pathetic staff and service at the Helmsley. We had to have our bank refuse the second payment and finally they found our booking - with no apolagies just a bad attitude.The only saving grace - the hotel was nice and the location was perfect.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Thebic
<Content>Less than impressive The Helmsley staff made a terrible first impression on me. Because of a family emergency, the person who had made the original reservation was unable to be present, but we had called several days in advance to notify the hotel manager and were told by two different people that everything would be taken care of when we checked in. Not only was nobody at the desk aware of our situation when we arrived, they accused me of lying about having spoken to the manager about getting the name on the reservation changed. The woman who was sent to recify the problem was unbelievably rude and when she overheard me refer to her as the desk clerk when calling my mom about the problem, the woman shouted  I have a name! which I might have known had she introduced herself when she met me to address the problem, rather than sauntering up to the counter, looking at me with a sour face and mumbling yes?  The room itself was ok, we were on a low floor with a sweeping view of the Staples Express across the street, and the noise from 42nd (blaring car horns, police sirens, trucks hitting a giant pothole every 5 seconds) was very loud and annoying. I'm not usually too hard to please, but a combination of rude staff and subpar accomodations at a high price was just really disappointing.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	3	3	

<Author>ei6hb
<Content>Excellent Holiday Had a family holiday in New York from July 3rd to July 11th. Booked New York Hemsley Hotel online via their website. Booked two rooms - irish family !! Had read the reviews here and was wondering whether it was a good choice. Location of hotel made the booking easier.Location is excellent, 10 minute walk to 5th Ave. another couple of minutes to Time Square, passing Bryant Park on the way.Having experienced the hotel first hand, I can't say enough good things about it from the moment we set foot inside the door. Forgot to bring an adapter for the plugs. Quick ring down to reception, one was delivered to our room within 10 minutes. Housekeeping was done daily, excellent service.Conceirge was most helpful with enquiries, bell boys (especially Pat from Mayo) was great to chat to in between helping with people either arrieving or departing in taxi's. Bar staff very pleasant, had drinks in the bar every night.Final recommendation - Would book there again when returning to New YorkDenis Cork  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bigbluedk
<Content>Highly recommendable Stayed with a friend at the New York Helmsley at the end of March. We had booked the hotel as part of a package deal with a travel agent, so we didn't quite know what to expect. However, we were pleasantly surprised. I've been thinking really hard and I can't quite find anything to complain about. The staff was very friendly, the room was nice and clean. The location of the hotel was very good. It's just a 10 minute walk and you're on Times Square (not that there's anything to do there other than take your pictures and go and see the real New York....)The hotel is highly recommendable and the view from our room was absolutely stunning. From my bed I had a beautiful view of the Empire State Building...what more could you want in New York?!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>GARJOHN
<Content>Excellent Would Stay Here Again, Dublin, Ireland Stayed in NEW YORK HELMSLEY for 5 days with mam and sister and loved the hotel. The staff were very friendly and helpful.The room was comfortable and location was brilliant. The bar is lovely for a few drinks before bed. Cant believe there are bad reviews on this hotel. Would recommend it to anybody and would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pegster89
<Content>Great Hotel!!! After months of researching hotels in New York City, we finally decided on the New York Helmsley. We stayed on the 23rd floor. The view from the window was not much a building next door. The room was spotless, nice big bathroom. The beds were great. I am very picky so I was nervous. The room was so clean the maid service was excellent, room service was excellent. We checked out around 10:00 and needed to store our luggage and we had a lot. the stored it for free, we tipped the bell hop he was very nice and was also their when we returned to pick up. Everyone was very friendly. Read reviews carefull y and do a lot of research. I found some of the things people complained about were things I would never think about. I highly recommend this hotel. In a perfect location for sight seeing!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BBBB5
<Content>Great location, decent accomodations It looks like this hotel hasn't been touched since Leona worked her magic (please note sarcasm) in the late 80s. This property needs an overhaul badly.On the upside, the staff is nice and helpful, the beds are comfortable, the location is outstanding and there is complimentary WiFi. So, don't expect perfection, but this is a good value for the location (next to Grand Central).  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jimmccann
<Content>Good Hotel Stayed at The New York Helmsley for three nights from the 6th jun 07.found the rooms were very clean and well layed out the staff were friendly and helpful the location was very central and i would reccomend this hotel to anyone. If I ever get back to New York I will try to book this again. I had read some negetive reviews but I had nothing to complain about  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>SaminDC
<Content>from the days of Leona Tthe hotel was fine, and it is near Grand Central. The plush towels were the best feature. The staff was ok but not too helpful. While I was there, the gym was supposedly being renovated, and they charged $15/day to use a nearby gym. They also charged for internet. They provided the Times, which most NYC hotels don't. After staying once, I cancelled future reservations and stayed at a less convenient hotelbecause I didn't want to give them my business again. It does not appear they have done any work on the interior since the days of Leona and Harry. The breakfast buffet was horribly overpriced, and after adding a 15% tip automatically, there was a line for additional tip which was outrageous given how little service they provide for a buffet.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>eyefordetails
<Content>helmsley stinks My room reeked of cigarette smoke. The pillows, linens, everything smelled like an ash tray. Asked for a new room. They told me none were available...hello this is a 42 floor hotel. Theys said they would remedy the problem but did nothing. The room was very, very noisy even though I was on the 22nd floor.The fitness center was hot, humid and poorly equipped.The staff was not helpful.I moved to another hotel the next night with courteous staff, quiet, clean rooms. Pristine linens and bathroom. What a relief to get out of that dump!I would not stay here for free!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>calasanctius
<Content>great location I found the hotal a wonderful base from which to see the city. It was my first time in NYC, and booked the NY Helmsley as part of a package through my travel agent about two weeks before my trip. Its location is perfect - we could see the Chrysler building more or less across the street, and we were a five-minute walk from Times Square. The room was a little fussy and slightly old-fashioned, but spotlessly clean, as was the bathroom. And the staff were superb. After hearing so much about the legendary service of NY hospitality, the personnel at the Helmsley more than lived up to the city's formidable reputation. Moreover, I thought it represented good value. If I wanted the quintessential midtown Manhattan experience, I'd be very happy to return.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>RafflesInverness
<Content>LOVED THE VIEW       THE VIEW FROM OUR WINDOW.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SavvyUrbanite
<Content>Great value New York is extremely expensive during the week. It is hard to find a decent hotel for less than $300 a night. This is one of the few, if only, first-class hotel that offers such a rate in the dense midtown area. If you are willing to spend $500+ a night elsewhere, be my guest and best of luck to you.After reading some of the nightmarish reviews I was a bit apprehensive. I booked directly with the hotel and was given a fine room on the 23rd floor. This may be the way to go to guarantee one of the refurbished rooms on the higher floors. If you hate street noise, ask for a room on the back street side. 42nd Street traffic at 6 am is pretty loud. Bathroom a good size and clean. Beds fine.Our corner room was superb, with view of Chrysler building.Breakfast a good value in nice dining room.As I said, if you are looking for value, book here. I have heard that if you get a room through the cut-rate Internet sites you might not get the best room. But then you might if you play your cards right when you arrive.Cheers.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Peter05
<Content>Excellent hotel       View from hotel window  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>UKNemo
<Content>Fantastic hotel - better than I could have hoped for Booked directly via the hotels website as this was the cheapest option. Allowed us to check in early, gave us a room on the top floor of the Empire State Building and couldn't have been more friendly.Room was bigger than I expected and very clean. Room service was great with a good choice of food. Had a bar and restaurant downstairs which we didn't use but looked very nice. Even has a small touristy shop in the reception. All staff we encountered were incredibly helpful. The hotel is over the road from the Chrysler building. A couple of blocks one way is the United Nations and about 1 block the other way is Grand Central Station. A block further on is Fifth Avenue. All in all this was a fantastic hotel in a superb location and next time we are in New York we will definitely be staying there again.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sonns1
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location... We have just returned from a 5 night stay at the New York Helmsley and we thought it was great...after reading some comments we were a little apprehensive ..but our fears were unfounded when we went into our room...it was on the 29th floor newly renovated with stunning views of the Chrysler Building going down towards Grand Central Station...the room was spotless and the bed was so comfortable (one of the best we have had in a hotel) and it was huge.. Staff were very friendly and helpful...(especially when we told them our luggage did not arrive with us) the consierge was very helpful and sorted us out with a few things we needed until our luggage eventually turned up...We did have problems with the Wireless network but there was the business centre which residents could use for free (but after a few tweaks I managed to get the laptop hooked up in our room)..The hotel is within easy walking distance of many of the must see things in NY and also Grand Central Station is just a couple of minutes away...If you are looking for designer bargains the $38 bus trip to Woodbury Common Outlet in Central Valley is well worth it and you will shop till you drop...Century 21 is also a great shop for designer bargains down beside ground zero..Pax deli next to the hotel is great for breakfast and snacks...We would definitely stay here again..  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>AndieF
<Content>Overall a good experience made better by a wonderful staff I just got back from a one-night stay at the NY Helmsley. We initially got off to a bad start at the hotel. I'd asked for a room on one of the upper floors, only to be booked on the 9th floor. The front desk was very accommodating, moving us to a different location -- on the 33rd floor. I want to personally commend Lily and the others at the front desk for being professional, courteous, and for going above and beyond to ensure our stay was a good one. The room itself was a decent size, and the view was magnificent-- the skyline and even a glimpse of the river. The room was very clean, and while we appreciated the small, flat-screen TV, it was odd to have an empty armoire still in the room where I imagine the previous tv had been housed. Our only complaint about the room was very dim lighting in the bathroom. It cast everything in a sort of grey tinge. The location is fairly convenient, though the neighborhood is quiet at night. We actually walked across town to the theatre district -- which took about 20 to 25 minutes. We didn't eat at the hotel, so I can't comment on their restaurant. In all, I felt this was a fairly good experience...made so much more enjoyable by the professional and accommodating staff.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nycdreamer
<Content>Lovley hotel Lovely hotel,very friendly staff.Nice clean rooms maid service daily,The new york times gets delivered free on weekdays to your hotel room.Highly recommended!Lovely little shop inside aswell.Will stay here again!  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Patrick_Coyle_Test
<Content>S'ok... Not great. The rooms were a little tight, and the thermostats didn't work. We called down to the front desk and the maintenance guy told us toopen our windows if it's too hot, and close them if you're too cold.For the price, they can do better than that.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Nikki79
<Content>Dirty Bed Linen I booked this hotel as I was treating my mother and two sisters to a trip of a lifetime to New York city for 3 nights from the 3rd May. I checked out the reviews here on tripadvisor and thought it looked a safe enough bet. We were planning on being out shopping and sightseeing all day long so all we really wanted was a clean bed and bathroom - nothing fancy. However, we didnt receive this.....On the first night my mother got into her bed and found a long black hair beside her which obviously didnt belong to her and when she pulled back the covers the sheets were stained with blood and had hairs all over them from a previous occupant. The sheets hadnt been changed from the previous guests, instead the housekeeper had simply remade the beds with soiled linen. My aunts bed appeared to be stained with urine or something else equally unsavoury. This is just not acceptable in a supposed 4 star hotel. The most basic function of a hotel is to provide a clean bed to sleep in and for over EURO 230 a night it isnt too much to expect. I simply cannot express how disgusted I am at the lack of hygiene displayed and the complete lack of pride the staff/hotel owers have in their establishment. I wouldnt invite someone into my home and ask them to sleep in soiled sheets let alone expect someone to pay for the privilege! I have been in hostels that were cleaner than this room. In the second room which my sisters and I shared there was blood stains on the carpet and the mattress bases were heavily stained but at least our sheets were clean. The rooms are badly worn and in serious need of redecorating. We were staying on the 19th floor and these are the old unrenovated rooms. After reading the reviews here it would appear that the renovated rooms are far superior to the tatty lower floors which really are not suitable to be let out.When we complained to the on-duty manager about the condition of the rooms all he could do was apologise but said that as I had paid upfront he couldnt compensate us for the stomach churning incident. I filled in a customer comment card and both my aunt and mother wrote letters to the general managers outlining how awful the rooms were but we have not heard anything back as yet. It is only 48 hours later but with something as serious as this I would have expected an immediate response.The location of this hotel is really excellent and some of the staff were very friendly and the food in the restaurant was great ( we ate there the first night before the soiled sheets incident) however this is all overshadowed by the dirt of the rooms. If a hotel cannot provide its patrons with a clean bed what else is it lacking? My advise is DO NOT STAY HERE unless you're guaranteed one of the renovated rooms! It really is a shame because this could be a great hotel but it fell well short of my expectations.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spendalot
<Content>Everything we expected and more.... We stayed here for 5 nights from 18th April, after reading mixed reviews I can only say the whole experience of this hotel was brilliant. It was the first time visit to New York, for me, my friend (who was celebrating her 40th birthday ) and her parents (who were celebrating their 65th birthdays).All the hotel staff were extremely friendly and helpful, and it was great having the bar to have the all important 'Samual Adams' beer at the end of a long day sight seeing.Our rooms on the 8th floor were extremely comfortable and very clean, and alot bigger than we expected. The location was fantastic within easy walking distance of Grand Central Station  Times Sq. Try Pershing Cafe for breakfast opposite Grand Central Station, you wont be disappointed. We cannot wait to have the opportunity to return to New York and will definitely stay at The New York Helmsley again.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>daff201
<Content>Great Hotel Just back from New York Helmsley. Great position. Great views. The staff were brilliant and room was great. Would agree that the breakfast wasnt fantastic but plenty of Delis around the corner. Grand Central within a 3o second walk. What else could you want!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Aidan07
<Content>Great hotel I stayed at the New York Helmsley with my mum for 5 nights and found it really comfortable. The location was brilliant and the staff were very friendly and helpful.The only minor disappointment about our room was that there wasn't a keyboard for use of the free wireless broadband...but we were allowed free use of the internet in the loby.We stayed in a premier room on the 39th floor, which had a 38 inch LCD flat screen TV and 2 queen size beds. We found our room and all parts of the hotel spotless and well looked after.If I ever stay in New York again I would defianatly go back to this hotel.The hotel's restaurant is a little expensive so go to the little Deli next door called Pax World for very cheap but good quality breakfast and snacks.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JKantor
<Content>Leona Would Not Approve For the significant cost (approx. $300/night) and the location, I expected a hotel that was well-lit, clean, with up-to-date furnishings and details, and with a staff (e.g., front door, restaurant, etc) that was readily available and service oriented. (Inthe 4 days I stayed there, no one was around or offered to help me with my bags or get a taxi.) The first room I received was filthy. There were huge stains on the carpet, there was either food or some sort of animal dropping under the bed--I didn't choose to investigate it too closely to determine exactly what it was!-- and was dingy overall. In addition, the furnishings were dated and the tv remote didn't work. I requested to be moved. While the front desk staff was pleasant about the change, they hardly went above and beyond to help me make the move--I expected at least an offer to have a bellman help me move my bags!The advertised package--Eat, Sleep, Be Merry--that included breakfast was not worth the money for the breakfast. The prepared food--hot and cold--was absolutely miserable (old mushy fruit salad, greasy, overcooked hot food), and the service almost non-existant. After my first day, I made other breakfast arrangements outside the hotel. Finally, on my last day, I returned to my room to find that someone (the maid?) had left a used newspaper and a pen scattered on the sinkcounter...were they using my bathroom as a rest stop to do their crossword puzzle? Originally from the NY area, I was familiar with the Helmsley hotel name, and expected at least average service and surroundings. I was left sorely disappointed by my experience.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>Notoverlyfussy...
<Content>Everything you need and more This is a very impressive hotel and my wife and I stayed here as part of our honeymoon. Having read the reviews here, we were happy enough that the comments were mostly positive. The location on 42nd St is ideal as a base for shopping/sightseeing/activities. We spent 4 nights here starting on St. Patricks day and during this time we shopped in Macy's, the Manhattan Mall and Jersey Gardens, We went to a game in the Garden and did a helicopter tour of Manhattan. With the exception of the helicopter trip, everything was within walking distance.The rooms were big for a New York Hotel. a HD flat screen LCD TV in our room and a comfortable bed. The room was on the 32nd floor and looked across the city skyline to the Chrysler building. Importantly the room was clean. The bar in the hotel was comfortable enough but to be fair, we were not in NY to see a hotel bar and only stopped off for a drink.We found the staff to be extremely helpful and courteous. I have seen some comments about the staff and I guess that it is just the luck of the draw. On Paddy's Day, the staff were all wering green flowers and I was chatting to the porter (Joe) about this and when we came back down to the lobby to go out, he was waiting with lapel flowers for my wife and I. A nice touch.The Pax deli is pretty nice but also walk down the street and opposite grand central, there is a lovely restaurant that serves great breakfast. They advertise it as the best in the world... I must say, it is pretty good!For a non-expensive activity, try Central Park. There is an Ice rink in the centre and some great views of the city. We walked back to the Helmsley from Central Park via 5th Avenue and visited St Patricks Cathedral. One regret was not going to the 'Top of the rock' but that is a must for next time. Locals tell us that the views are better than the Empire State Building.For nightime activities, there is no shortage but behind Grand Central station on 43rd btwn Madison  Vanderbilt you will find Annie Moores Irish pub. We didn't try the food but the beer and service was pretty good. If you do go shopping, there is a shop in the Manhattan mall that I particularly enjoyed. It's called Brookstone and is full of gadgets and gizmos as well as having massage chairs. Great place to spend an hour while the wife goes shopping! Also, bring your passport to Macy's. There is an office upstairs where they will give you an 11% discount card for all purchases.The outlet stores are full of good deals and we opted for the Jersey Mall as it was 30mins on a bus from Port Authority and $10 return on the bus versus $38 and 90mins to woodbury Common. Again, bring the passport for a discount card. Great hotel, great city.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Sapper123
<Content>So-So Helmsley Close to Grand Central Station, Times Square, and Lincoln Tunnel (in case you are coming-in via Newark International Airport). High definition television in our room was nice, but there was no complimentary coffee. Back in the 1980鈥檚, this must have been a great hotel, but unfortunately, there appears to have been few renovations since that decade. In addition, the valet parking needs improvement because you cannot simply call ahead to get your car. You must physically present the ticket to the valet service downstairs and only after about 10-20 minutes will you receive your vehicle. Not very efficient. In addition, there are no in and out privileges so you basically pay $40-45 every time the car exits the hotel. Outrageous!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>hoghill1
<Content>Great location and staff This is a great location for NYC. Close to subway, Times Square, Empire State Building, Grand Central Station. All of the staff concierge, front-desk, bar staff were well above average. Rooms were clean with very adequate amenities.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Nawlins_LA
<Content>Not bad, overall We stayed for a week at the NY Helmsley and, overall, I'd say it was a good experience. The room was a nice size and was clean. The staff was pleasant. We had lunch in the restaurant and the food and service was fine.One disappointing thing, though, was lack of air conditioning (they hadn't turned it on yet). Days in April can be warm or cold but our room was sometimes too warm so we had to open the window to get some cool air. The problem with that in NYC, of course, is noise. And when you're spending $225 (+ taxes) per night you expect at least _some_ air temperature control.I don't think I'd stay again if I had to pay that much and couldn't be sure I could make the room a comfortable temp without opening the windows.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>nyrob
<Content>Loved the Helmsley My family and I have just returned from spending 11 nights in the Helmsley on East 42nd Street. Our stay in this hotel just added to the experience that is having a stay in New York.We found the staff to be helpful, friendly and very approachable. The room we were allocated on our arrival was one of the refurbished ones. Although slightly small, partly due to the two queen size beds in it, the room was beautifully decorated and very well appointed. The room was clean and tidy and the maids kept a good standard of cleanliness throughout our stay. We did not have much opportunity to eat in the hotel with som much choice but the one breakfast and one evening meal we did have in the hotel were both large and delicious, especially the evening one where we were given cheesecake that was even better than the world famous Juniors which we had sampled earlier. Overall, we found everything at the Helmsley to be of a good standard and we would be happy to stay there again when returning to the Big Apple and would readily recommend it to our friends and family.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>LorraineLondon
<Content>Rude Staff The staff at the hotel were some of the rudest and unhelpful I have come across. The heating had been switched off for the summer - roomswere freezing - told too bad by the staff on reception. Fire alarms at 8.30am - just testing - not a real fire alarm test - could this not have been done later. Bell staff rude and unhelpful. Bar staff great.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	2	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>WendyAM
<Content>Great stay at the Helmsley I booked the Helmsley through bedsearchers.com after reading all the reviews. I emailed them before we left to let them know we'd be arriving late and to ask for a non-smoking room and they emailed back to confirm everything. We arrived just after midnight and the hotel receptionist was friendly and check in was quick. Our room was a double double on the 39th floor - and our first morning we awoke to an amazing sunrise we saw out of the window over the east river. The bathroom was quite large with quality Soames  Gilchrist toiletries and lots of towels for the four of us. The room had a plasma tv with plenty of channels and the beds were comfortable. I was able to use the business centre computer to check in for our return flight on BA with no charge. Breakfast could be as huge or small as you wanted - although the guy who seemed to be in charge was a little dour, though all the others were friendly, as were the concierge, bell captain - in fact everyone. The location is a five minute walk from the United Nations building, about 15 mins max from Time Square, in the same street as the Grand Central Station and within easy walking distance of just about everywhere. All in all, we had a great stay here and would definitely go back.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>grainnemeehan
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location Waterford, Ireland. We stayed here for St patricks Weekend, location was excellent, Accomodation was great, well above average. Great value for money. Breakfast over priced for what was available. Staff friendly and helpful. Great expereience overall and have no problem reccomending it.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>mickdruid
<Content>Great Hotel, Great location Travelled with my wife and two friends to New York to see the St Patricks day parade. We found the staff very helpful and pleasant. Our room was on the 26th floor with a view of the empire state building from the bed!!We stayed room only as eating out in New York is great.For the best breakfast tun left as you leave the hotel and walk up to where the small bridge crosses the road at Grand Central Station under this bridge straight across from the station you get the most fantastic breakfast, be early it gets very busy.The hotels location is second to none you have the Empire state, 5th Avenue, Grand Central, Chrysler Building, Times Square etc all within a few minute walk.Ps Do the circle line boat tour to see the statue of liberty and the new york skyline it is fantastic.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>LennonDMP
<Content>Great Location We stayed at the here in early March and have nothing but praise. We were given a really nice room on the 30th floor which fantastic views of mid town and 42nd street along with a queen sized bed and plasma TV to boot. As the forum suggests, the hotel is in a great location, minutes away from grand central station and Times Square is only a 10 鈥?15 minute walk. A special mention has to go to Orlando (the bar man), mention any type of ffod or bar and he will recommend the best. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Kerrymonkey
<Content>Great Location My Fianc茅e and I stayed here just over a year ago. It was about $200 a night for 7 nights. The room was on 41st floor. I highly recommend you ask for a room on one of the upper floors as they have been refurbished lately. The room itself was excellent. Huge bed. Large flatscreen TV with free internet. Nice enough bathroom. View was from front of hotel so we had a great view up 42nd St and of the Chrysler Building. Staff were fine. No complaints though we didn't interact much. They were helpful on our last day when we asked them to keep our bags while we had most of the day to kill. The bar was pricey and to be honest I wouldn't bother with it. Much better bars near by. Can't comment on the restaurant either but again when in New York why bother eating where you stay? Get out there! We normally caught breakfast in the cafe beside the hotel which was fine. Best thing about this hotel were the fantastic location and the room was superb. Great stay.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>keribillen
<Content>Over-rated First impressions were not great. Reception staff had a fairly casual and unbothered attitude towards us. The room we had was 'ok' (nothing to get excited over) but had to change it after the first night because of a serious water leak in our bathroom. We managed to get the room changed only after making three calls to reception to get them to come and do something about the problem. The second room was described as a 'complimentary upgrade' but was the same as the first apart from the replacement of the CRT TV with an LCD TV. Also one of the phones did not work, and neither did the TV remote control(not that we used it much). Bar staff had the same attitude as the recepton staff. Phone calls were extremely expensive (minimum charge of $19 (yes, nineteen dollars!) for making even a local call. Locatonof the hotel is the only positive thing I can say about this hotel. I suggest you avoid it.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>RedJak
<Content>Great Hotel, excellent location We have just returned from a fabulous 5 night stay at the Helmsley to celebrate my 40th birthday. We found the staff to be very helpful and check in was efficient and quick. The rooms were spacious and adequate for our needs. The bar was nice and cosy and great for a drink at the end of a long day. The hotel is in an ideal position to all the major sights and the easiest way to see everything is to walk as the buildings are amazing! For breakfast we used PAX next door which offered a huge variety of food all day long. There is also a lovely Italian restaurant opposite the hotel. The hotel was situated close to Grand Central Station and within easy walking distance to the Empire State Building. We also visited the Rockerfeller Centre and went to the top, the views were just amazing and in our opinion far better than the view from the Empire State Building (we bought out tickets online before we travelled for both of these attractions which saved having to queue!) The hotel is within a 15-20 minute walk from Times Square, Central Park and fifth avenue! We would also highly recommend a helicopter trip - the only way to see New York - We cant wait to come back!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>No.1shopaholic
<Content>Excellent hotel! I have just returned from a 5 night stay at the New York Helmsley. I took my Mum for her 60th Birthday. Location is fantastic, a few minutes walk to Grand Central, 5th Avenue. About 20 minutes walk to Times Square. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful. Our room was on the 22nd floor with a fantastic view of the Chrysler. There is some renovation work going on, but we weren't disturbed by any noise. Rooms are very clean and comforatble- beautiful bathroom. We also used Pax next door for drinks etc. like many other reviewers. There's a fabulous restaurant around the corner called Cibo- extremely friendly staff and fabulous, reasonably priced food. We were also given a free round of drinks at the bar! I would highly recommend this hotel, and will certainly be using it again. We also noticed airline crew staying at the hotel which is always a good sign- in my experience if the airline crew use a hotel, it's generally a sign of a good hotel. Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NewYorkMad
<Content>Excellent Hotel We have just returned from a 5 day New York Visit. I cannot rate the hotel highly enough, the staff were excellent and couldn't do enough for us especially Leon at the front door.The service was fantastic, rooms clean and comfortable we had a room on 31st floor with an excellent view of the Crysler Building. We didn't eat in the hotel but did use the bar which was cozy and the staff where friendly - we used the Pax deli next door for breakfast good food and reasonably priced.Check in and out went without any problems again due to great staff.We were so impressed with this hotel that we will be booking to return later this year.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nestrel
<Content>Staff so rude! Don't stay here if your young!!! I stayed here with a friend of mine. We booked in for a week, specifically requesting a non-smoking room - they gave us a smoking room. My friend decided that there was no way we wanted to put up with the smell for a whole week, so requested they move us to a non-smoking room as we had initially requested - which to be fair, they did - though why they didn't put us in that room in the first place is a mystery. Later on in the week my friend and I arrived back at the hotel, and she started to feel very unwell. It turned out that an allergy had flared up. We called the switchboard who were very helpful, who put us through to the on-call doctor. The doctor suggested getting something from the local chemist. This was at 11 o'clock at night. It was only the two of us girls, both in our twenties, so I went down to reception to see if I could get some help. I explained the situation to the reception staff, who were very little help and very off-hand. The door staff were also very rude and did not offer any help, even though it meant a woman going out late at night alone in a city she wasn't familiar with. I felt very upset and completely abandoned by the staff, considering I had no choice but to go out alone to find the medication my friend needed. Time and again during our stay the staff were rude and off-hand with us, clearly favouring the older patrons. They obviously saw us as being young and potentially poor tippers! The switchboard staff were always very helpful but the front of house staff treated us rudely and as if they couldn't wait to get rid of us.They were very off-hand and continually treated us as if we weren't good enough to stay there. Bascially if you are younger - and I was 25 at the time, so not that young - you are probably better off staying somewhere else where they will help you in the middle of the night and not send you off alone!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>scoutNJ
<Content>perfectly fine I stayed there for business - it was fine - smallish room but clean. The bar was small but cozy with great service.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>yerominas
<Content>Good Hotel, Great Location Stayed at this hotel Feb 07. Superb location on 42nd street between 2nd  3rd Avenues. Less than five minutes walk to Grand Central Station  not much further to Times Square etc. Good comfortable room with two double beds, table  armchairs, TV, lovely bathroom with good shower, ice machine on corridor. Very friendly staff. Ask for high floor room if possible for best views. We were floor 12  could see nearby beautiful Chrysler Building  UN HQ on a sideways view, but the higher the better. Didn't use bar or restaurant so can't comment. Useful business centre (small charge) in lobby with two PC's  printers - good for reconfirming flight. Fantastic cafe next door - Pax - with lovely fresh food for breakfast  through the day,  loads of other food places nearby. Don't miss Grand Central Station - beautiful building, fantastic fresh food market, nice shops,  great dining area downstairs - especially with kids as there's lots of different food stalls to choose from  plenty of places to sit. Loved New York  for those worried about safety (like I was) - don't, I never felt threatened or insecure even at night.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UKMichelle
<Content>Fantastic Weekend in 'The Big Apple!' We have just come back from a 4 night stay in The New York Helmsley Hotel.....overall very impressed, hotel is very clean, good service, most of the receptionists very helpful and friendly. Room service....reasonably priced, we ordered 3 hot chocolates and ended up with 3 massive teapots full....too much to drink, but very nice... but thats America for you!As most people have said use Pax World next door for breakfast....fab, fast service, friendly staff, we used it for drinks in the evenings in our hotel room too. Well worth booking this hotel....good location, good service.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>iowaruggerbugger
<Content>Not Bad... Not Great. Had a corporate rate through my company which made the hotel affordable. Wasn't overly impressed but was not disappointed. Staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. Location is great. All in all, not a bad place to stay if you don't have 400 + bucks to spend on the Marriort or 4 Seasons.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>LondonRich
<Content>Loved the hotel We only spent a couple of nights here, but found the hotel to be excellent. Staff were great especially Dennis who was very pleasant and helpfull! We shall return!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DublinJacqueline
<Content>Brillant Fantastic... I had the pleasure in staying in the Helsmely from the 8th of feb to the 14th, It was for my 40th birthday, we had the most amazing time, I cant tell you how great it was, the service, the room and especially the staff, they just couldnt do enough, the Ladies on reception, Deidre, Doris, the doormen Nick  Micheal, they were all so lovely. I would highly highly recommend this hotel.... Jacqueline Dublin.......  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Scannie
<Content>Very mediocre Very mediocre accommodation - I was disappointed having read the reviews on this site. The hotel's in good location (right next to Grand Central) and everything was clean but - the hotel looked tired- the food was awful - do not order room service!- they're still renovating so start banging at about 8.30 in the morning which you can hear several floors above and below- the shower runs out of hot water pretty quickly- the plumbing leaves something to be desired (we had a very noisy toilet (!) which they took ages to fix)It isn't really a 4 star hotel. Don't think I'd stay here again - it's worth paying the extra for a solid 4* with a few perks.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chloe83
<Content>Fantastic Hotel - great location! The boyfriend  I arrived with Delta Airlines from London Gatwick on a Thursday for a 4 night stay - we were immediately impressed by the attentive  friendly staff at Check In - I would particularly like to thank Deirdre for her honest advice about where not to venture across town! I also mentioned that it was my birthday (hence the reason for the trip)  she kindly sent up a complimentary bottle of red wine!Our room was on the 33rd floor - very roomy,huge bed  flat screen TV! The bathroom was nicely finished in marble  was clean. We had a great view of the Empire State Building  felt very faint looking down from our room onto the traffic below!! There was a great little cafe next door called Pax - I would recommend going there for brekkie as the hotel charges about $18 each!!The hotel's location was ideal - Times Square, 5th Ave etc were only about 15mins walk away, Grand Central was the next block along. We had a great meal out at The Peking Duck on E. 53rd Street, and also an expensive but yummy meal at the Sparks Steak House on E. 46th St - steaks  wine list very impressive!If you want to go ice skating in Central Park, keep in mind that the rink closes at 2.30pm on Mondays and Tuesdays! All in all, a wonderful birthday weekend.Just a couple of down points:1. Tipping - everyone expects a tip  it drove us mad!!! You're even expected to tip a barman for only pulling the top off a beer bottle.2. Caroline's Comedy Club - we felt like we got scammed here!It was rated 2nd in our guidebook, so thought we'd check it out on our last night. Tickets were $24.50  you had to purchase 2 drinks each. We bought 2 drinks at the bar before we entered the stage area, but were told afterwards that these drinks didn't count towards our quota! At about $13 each (for a beer!) these were ridiculously expensive! The comedy was awful, not really comedy at all, as the main act 'comedian' decided to get up and give everyone a sermon about 'loving thy neighbour' and how 'black brothers' should respect one another!! Not exactly our cup of tea!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>123Boston
<Content>Great Hotel I was compelled to write a review b/c I relied heavily on this site when trying to find a hotel in NY. From the moment we walked in, we were impressed. The Front Desk staff were very friendly, our room was quite spacious on the 36th floor (corner room) with king bed. Everything was very clean. I have two complaints: Bed was sagging in the middle I put a DND sign on door.. didn't want maid to come and they came in anyway. That is a BIG no no in the hotel industry! I didn't complain, but really should have. We did not use any of the services there, just to sleep, but overall, very happy. Do not hesitate to book here!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>mgmarmolijo
<Content>Worst Hotel I've Ever Experienced! This is absolutely the worst hotel I've ever stayed at. I stayed here for one week and a half for work and hated every minute of it. *Gave me free internet, only to find out their server didn't work. *Room service was wrong all five times I ordered. *The light bulb in the room was blown with broken glass. *The phone by the bed didn't work. *The closet door knob was broken. *The Mindy's restaurant rushed me out of my lunch. *I had them add a name to my room for a guest traveling with me, and they took my name off instead. *Worst of all, the front desk charged my own personal credit card by accident when the room was already paid for by my employer! It took them a week to reverse the charge. *The concierge was extremely rude giving dirty looks when I needed help with my luggage, or when I needed help with packages I was expecting. I would NEVER recommend this hotel to anyone. It deserves a 1 star rating.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>dmbdub
<Content>Highly recommend the Helmsley Three of us stayed for a week at the Helmsley this month. We chose it because of the great location and 15% seasonal discount they offered for the month of January.From the moment we pulled up in the cab it was a wonderful experience. We were made to feel so welcome here. The staff were so friendly and accomodating. Check in took about 30 seconds and our bags were up to our room in 5 minutes.We stayed in a Premier room on the 33rd floor with an amazing view of the Empire State Building. The room was surpisingly spacious even with three very messy girls in it. The beds were really comfy but strangely small - the smallest double beds I've ever seen but they were fine and we all slept well!It was spotlessly clean and well maintained. The bed and bathroom linens were fresh and new. The only problem we experienced was that the room was very hot and the AC didn't make much difference. However with the windows open it was fine. The flat panel tv was cool and had lots of stations.We got room service a few times and it was delicious, albeit expensive. The location was great, the 7 and Times Square Shuttle was a block away and there was loads of restaurants and delis around. The best deli is PAX right next door - lovely staff! Also the Comfort Diner on 45th St is great for breakfast. Also, this hotel seems to be very popular with airlines - we saw pilots and cabin crew from Alitalia and Virgin and some others staying there.I can't recommend this hotel enough and can't wait to return!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bellygem
<Content>Fantastic hotel My sister and I have just got back from a five night stay at this hotel and we thought it was fantastic. We was a little worried as we had seen mixed reviews for thid hotel but I don't know how anyone could not have been impressed by this. As soon as we walked in we were greeted by the very friendly and helpful bell boy. The ladies behind the front desk were also very accomodating. We were shown up to our room that was amazing. The only thing I found a little dissapointing was the view of the office block at the back. We weren't in the room much anyway and being at the back meant it was nice and quiet. I am sure that if we had asked to move, then they would have moved us but we weren't bothered. The room was a little cold when we got there, so we explained to the front desk who got our heating fixed straight away. The beds were extemely comfortable and the room was always clean. Rooms were of very good size with three phones, iron and board, safe in the wardrobe tv and alarm clock. To say this was posh for us was an understatement. We paid a little exrta for what we had hoped as a lot of cheaper hotels seemed to have bad reviews. We are so glad we picked this hotel, it was gorgeous. We even had th taxi door opened and the door spun for us, we didn't have to lift a finger if we did't want. The location is great too. Just across form the Christler and down the road from grand central. Right at the heart of everything really. So if you're in doubt whether to book this or not, I strongly advise you do.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TonbridgeSunshine
<Content>Enjoyable Trip For my 50th Birthday we went to New York  stayed at the Helmsley, this turned out to be an excellent choice. The majority of the tourist hot spots were within walking distance  we had a view of the magnificent Chrysler building from our bedroom window.We only had one meal in the hotel (buffet breakfast) which was excellent at circa 拢10 per head although you can find local restaurants/cafes offering similar fare at half this price.We shared the family room with my teenage daughter and there was plenty of room for us, the room was very clean with plentiful towels  lotions.The only minor gripe was that the fridge froze everything although we did not report this, so cannot complain. All the staff were friendley  efficient  the front desk arranged for a complimentry bottle of wine on my birthday.We found it very easy to find our way around New York  we had a lovely trip  we will definately come back.A tip; Do not que for hours to view the statue of liberty, go round the corner to the staten Island ferry, which is free  you can get some god photos of the statue.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ggWakefield
<Content>New York New York so good they named it twice       View from Empire State  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>BarnettFamily
<Content>The Helmsely Hotel was great! The Helmsley Hotel was great! 212 East 42nd Street, New York City. Excellent location, close to Grand Central Station, the United Nations and the Chrysler Building. Walking distance to the Empire State Building, Fifth Avenue and Times Square.We were upgraded on check-in because we were staying for 10 nights over the Christmas / New Year period.Lovely, large room on the 39th floor!The staff at Helmsley were generally very helpful throughout our stay.The first night we got in very late after our 19.50 hour flight from Auckland, the Concierge arranged for a delivery of burgers from the local take-out because room service had finished! We obviously looked hungry!We would stay at the Helmsley again when we next visit New York.We thouroughly recemmend this Hotel to anyone planning a trip to New York.Barnett family, Auckland New Zealand  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>CatherineIreland
<Content>Great Location Myself and my friend stayed in this hotel for 6 nights in early Decmeber, it was a great location and the Chrysler Building was a good landmark if we ever got lost!! - Staff were very friendly and helpful. Hotel was clean quiet safe and reasonable and I would definitely reccomend it and stay here again  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>A铆ne
<Content>Great Hotel! Just returned from a 5 day stay at the Helmsley and couldn't be happier about the experience! From our super-fast check in process to our super-fast check out it was marvellous. I requested a room on a high floor - no problem. We were given a room on 34 with a great view of the Empire State Building. All of the staff, without exception, were courteous and helpful and did not 'hover' for tips. All requests were dealt with immediately and withut fuss (our toilet backed up and the maintainance guy was at the door in 3 minutes after I called reception). We didn't use the bar or restaurant (we prefer something more casual) but they looked great. The area where the hotel is situated is perfect - within walking distance of Times Square, Grand Central Station and the great shopping on 34th Street (including Macy's) and just far enough away from the hustle  bustle to ensure a relaxed stay. If I were to recommend a few things to do/see I'd say take the Circle Line 3 hour boat tour (from pier 83 at 42nd  12th), eat at Josie's Restaurant (at 38th  3rd), have a beer at O'Lunney's Bar (just off Times Square on 47th Street), go to Jersey Gardens for the shopping (111 bus from Port Authority Bus Terminal on 8th Avenue at 42nd Street), see the inside of Grand Central Station (a hop and a skip from the hotel), have breakfast at PAX Deli (next door to the hotel) and just have a great time in New York!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jayster
<Content>Nice Hotel We had a great stay at the NYC Helmsley. The only complaint is that it needs a facelift. You really do feel like you are walking into the 80's when you head into the front lobby.That said, the front desk staff was very friendly. The bathrooms have marble. The toiletries are very nice. Robes are provided. So are extra blankets in the closet and a mini-fridge in the bathroom. The location is a slight hike from Times Square and Penn station, but still within walking distance. It is right by the Chrysler building.I found the price to be unbeatable. It was by far the lowest priced hotel in the 4-star category when I booked and well worth it.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Lk68
<Content>Christmas at the Helmsley Having read some previous reviews before leaving, we were apprehensive about this hotel - particularly since we would be staying for 5 nights over Christmas. I cannot fault the hotel in the slightest! the staff in all departments were fabulous, extremely helpful and courteous.The only blip (and this maybe the norm in any hotel in NY) is I'd have liked a coffee making facility in the room - we had a fridge, so it would have been nice, but this is not crucial and besides the PAX deli right next door had the most DEVINE coffees, the other one a bit further up the block serves a mean french vanilla!For anyone going to NY, I also recommend Brooklyn Bagel on 5th Avenue across from the Empire State - the staff fixed us some delicious bagels on Christmas Day and were very helpful.I will DEFINITELY be using the Helmsley again and will actively recommend.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Wonderwoman0126
<Content>Great holiday stay Having researched many potential accommodations, we enjoyed a wonderful stay at the Helmsley for a 4-night holiday trip! Bernardo upgraded us to a king room on the 40th floor, the view from which my NYC newbie boyfriend loved. The room and bathroom were spotless and the king bed was incredibly comfortable. Closet and drawer space were ample. This hotel is very well sound insulated. We never heard a peep from another room or another floor, and there seemed to have been high occupancy.We had a problem with our in-room safe (not the hotel's fault), and the abundant, expert and professional security and maintenance staff took care of it very quickly - on Christmas day, no less.Front desk, concierge. security and bell staffs were all very friendly and helpful yet refused to accept well-deserved tip money. And, of course, the location is prime for subway, walking and sightseeing enthusiasts. We will undoubtedly stay here again.Only one thing to watch out for - it is very hot in the winter on the upper floors. Take lightweight clothing to wear while in your room and keep some air conditioning circulating. This was a very minor annoyance that we were able to deal with by keeping the room door ajar and windows open while awake. Overall we had a very comfortable and enjoyable stay. Kudos to the hardworking Helmsley staff!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>counsellorbabe
<Content>Great hotel Great location Stopped at the New York Helmsley 4th december 2006 for 4 nights. Was a bit concerned about the rooms after looking at some of the reviews. The room was on the 21st floor it was lovely and warm and very big even with two doubles in. The bathroom was lovely thought the bath was a bit small but when i got in realised it was great and deep. I understand that they are doing some of the rooms up even though ours was fine it was a little bit tired but since i was out of the hotel for 12-14 hours all i wanted was a clean bed. The only down side is no tea and coffee making but i suppose you could bring your own. This wasn't too bad as there is a great deli next door the staff are great and there sandwiches and soups are great. To be honest this deli was a life saver as we did not have time to eat with wanting to see it all. the location of the hotel is great 5 minute walk to grand central which i have to say make sure you use the subway they are great. The subways are very safe there are usually guards riding on the trains. If you decide to use them the ticket booth people are very good and will direct you in the right direction. We are booking for next December and i would have no hesitation in choosing the Helmsley.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>blocky
<Content>Great Location We stayed at the new york helmsley for three nights in december, it is a lovely hotel, location is great a short walk from Times Square Grand Central Station which was great for travelling on the subway, hotel rooms are a decent size and are well looked after. Gray line tour buses do a good two day deal which is handy for getting around to see a lot and being able to get off at whatever stops you want. The view revolving restaurant in the Marriott in Times Square is a great experience in dining, wine and the views, well worth a visit. If you like shows or have never been to one on broadway The Lion King is well worth going to is is very entertaining.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>coventrygal
<Content>Tell all your friends Booked this through a package with Harry Shaw Travel of Coventry and when we turned up it was like 'wow' ... friendly staff, nice large room and clean large well lit bathroom and complimentary newspaper and oh so comfortable beds and fluffy towels and bathrobes!! ... and excellent location just a few blocks from Times Square and right by the Chrysaler Building. The hotel allows you to take food into the room so the deli next door was frequently used for a mid afternoon pit stop and foot rest!! Would definately stop there again and would encourage anyone to think about this hotel for service and location .... only one gripe ... the window wasnt well glazed and was a bit drafty so you could hear some street noise but with the heating cranked up and the blinds, nets and curtains closed then this did the trick. As part of our package our cases were securely locked in a room til the mid afternoon of our departure and the Bell Captains were very helpful indeed ... there is also a full sense of security too, especially at night ... everyone was asked to show their room passes to get into the lift. All in all its our 2nd trip to NY at this was by far the best hotel .. and looking at the other hotels we were going to book that were just situated off Times Square/Broadway .. this was definately the pick of the bunch.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>markyboo
<Content>Excellent standard of service We stayed in the Helmsey from Nov 14 2006 for 13 nights. The stay was excellent. The only slight hitch was that there was a problem when we checked in (at know fault of the Helmsey), so if you are booking through a travel agent as we did with escape travel, then always confirm your booking if it was booked via a 3rd party in the united states!!! This problem was quickly rectified within 24 hours, with much thanks to Desseree (wrong spelling!! She was the manager at the time of our check in). Her attitude was positive, never arguing with us, and placed us in an excellent room on the 38th floor facing 42nd street with views toward the east river and the chrysler building.Highly recommend its location.For excellent coffee (new york standards...) go to cipriani le specialli on 42nd st east just a couple of blocks west of the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gihon
<Content>Adored the N.Y.Helmsley Stayed at the N.Y. Helmsley from 23rd Nov. for three nights prior to a cruise. Booked as part of a package deal with NCL We had been a little apprehensive after reading some of the reviews, however, from arrival to departure we were delighted. The receptionist was very friendly and had taken note of our e.mail asking for a room on a high floor. We were on the 31st floor with views of the Chrysler Building. Anthony, the bell hop, was very helpful, and gave us lots of advice. We did as everyone else and had breakfast in Pax Deli which was excellent value, we bought take out in the afternoons and took back to our room lovely cakes. We did take our own kettle and tea making things as suggested.The room was attractive with two queen size beds and a plasma t.v. which we hardly had time to watch. Access to the subway and Grand Cebtral Station was a short walk away. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>poshcatlady
<Content>loved this hotel.. We stayed at the Helmsley for 3 nights from 1st to 4th december.We had a room on the 29th floor facing the Chrysler building which was a real bonus!We were really happy with our accomodations, our room was very clean and comfortable.Check in and check out only took a couple of minutes, even at 3.30 in the morning, as our flight home was at 8.15 am.We are planning to return to New York next year, and if there are rooms available we will definately stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kirkjshurey
<Content>Location, location, location! Stayed at the New York Helmsley with 3 friends for a two night break.Check-in staff were friendly but bell captain was not particularly helpful as we were unable to store our bags prior to the room being available, due to 'security measures' which meant we wasted valuable time sitting with our suitcases at the bar rather than sightseeing.The room was on the 18th floor, large, but slightly shabby, although not dirty, with views of the Chrysler Building and Second Ave. Street noise was not too loud and no noise heard at all from other rooms. Room lacked tea/coffee making facilities or a safe and although a fridge was located in the bathroom, it didn't work. Plenty of comfortable new towels and decent toiletries were provided and service was quick when we asked for additional items. The bed was comfortable and iron/board handy to have.The best thing about the hotel for us was its location, just diagonally across from the Chrysler Building and a couple of blocks from Grand Central Terminal, 5th Ave. and Times Square. We managed to get an exceptionally good airline rate due to friends working for VAA, but I would not have paid full rack-rate as the hotel was simply too shabby for anything more than a weekend break and would benefit from a complete refurbishment. I would recommend this hotel for a long weekend if you can obtain a good rate.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>ndwhyte
<Content>The NY Helmsley - a top spot My wife and I travelled to New York along with our niece and had originally booked another hotel but having read the horrific reviews on this website we decided to change. We booked the NY Helmsley based purely on location. And I'm glad we did. Although just a little further from the shopping districts than our original hotel I actually thought it was in a much nicer area....still only a 10 minute walk from Times Square, close to 5th Ave shopping and 1 block from Grand Central Station which is well worth a visit.The room was relatively large, clean and had it's own safe. No fridge but there are ice machines on each floor with ice buckets in the room. Room service called each day and rooms were always left tidy and towels changed each day.Over all I was very impressed with the hotel and would not hesitate to stay again.Only a few very minor gripesWe had booked a Double Double Premium room (apparantly have Plasma screen tvs) and paid a little extra for this but on arrival we were just assigned a standard double room. I queried this at the desk and they had none of the premium rooms available for the night we arrived (strange considering I booked directly through the hotel website!). The room we'd been given was fine so once I ensured that the extra premium on the bill had been removed we decided not to complain any further.Our room was at the back of the hotel and had a view of nothing, if you want views of the Chrysler Building ask for a room at the front of the hotel (although it may be a bit noisier!Mindys Restaurant and Harrys Bar are *very* expensive, (as is the Pershing Square Deli at GCS - beware! Pax Deli next dooor is great for breakfast/snacks and the Phoenix Garden on 40th Street (2 blocks behind the hotel) is a *superb* chinese restaurant, low on decor, low on price but very high on taste!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>jb06
<Content>Lovely hotel I read many mixed reviews prior to my trip so was unsure what to expect but I should not have feared as this is a lovely hotel and overall my experience was excellent.My room was on the 25th floor: it was large, the bed was huge and very comfortable, there was extra beding, bathrobes and ample towels available. I did not have a new room with plasma tv and internet but mine appeared to be recently decorated, the furniture served its purpose, was comfortable and everywhere was spotlessly clean. Decor was quite old/traditional so it may not be to everyones taste but I could find no fault. Checking in and out took less than 5minutes and I did not encounter any rude staff pushing for tips. Had room service a few times and food was lovely.I would stay here again as it was in an ideal location to experience Manhattan, 5minutes walk to the Chrysler Building, Grand Central and the United Nations, 10minutes walk to Times Sqaure and Broadway. The one thing this hotel is missing is tea/coffee making faclities in your room.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>NJSid
<Content>Good, but could use some updating Strengths:-Location-Cleanliness-Free internet and mini-fridgies in premier rooms-PriceWeaknesses-Hotel is very dated. Even the new rooms that have been renovated still feel dated. Most of the rest of the hotel feels very 1980's.-Harry's bar : go to one of the many local pubs.-Serivce is adequate but not great-Noisy: the staff noise in the halls traveled straight into the room.Probably would not stay there again except in a pinch.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	4	2	4	

<Author>LuverlyLady
<Content>Great value for money hotel Have just returned from a 4 nights stay with 2 girlfriends on our second shopping and sightseeing trip to New York.Good location along the street from Grand Central Station. Excellent reception desk and concierge service.Our room facilities (39th floor) were all high standard Harrys Bar in the foyer good place to relax with a drink after eating out in the evening or at the end of a hard days shopping!We all thought it was great value for money and we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lexman
<Content>really nice place very impressed with the room, it was very clean and the beds were very comfortable. Would recommend this hotel any day!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Cateviwa
<Content>What a great hotel Have just retruned from a 4 night trip to New York with 3 girlfriends. Having had previous bad experiences with hotels in New York we were slightly anxious about what was in store for us at the Helmsley. We needn't have worried. What a great hotel ; spacious rooms and bathroom, spotlessly clean, flat screen TVs in the bedrooms, a magnicifent view from our 35th story room. The staff were excellent, courteous and helpful . We asked for restaurant recommendations 2 nights and on both occassions the places were spot on. We were sent to places where locals dine and enjoyed great food and wine at reasonable prices. The location was perfect for walking to Time Square . There were plenty nearby delis for breakfast and lively bars to relax in after a busy day's shopping/sightseeing. The concierge was very obliging when it came to holding our large amounts of luggage and calling a cab for the airport on the day we checked out. We definately will stay there again  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Mollydoll
<Content>If you need internet access... ....you should know that when I first checked into this modern, business oriented hotel I was given a rather drab little room with no internet service. Given that I intended to be working out of my room for the nexxt several days I was utterly horrified --I could have stayed at the Best Western for much less money and in-room internet.When i called the front desk, I was told only premium rooms had the luxury of internet cables. The buisness center was the only options for peons like me. So I went downstairs and as I very nicely began to explain in person that, as I had to meet a deadline, I'd need internet access, in my room--boom, I was handed a key to a premium room. Very nice! I went from hating on the Helmsley to liking it a lot.. It's a little dowdy compared to the flashy newer hotel, but it's an appealing kind of stuffiness. Would definitely return.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	4	2	

<Author>twiggy-and-gin
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Overall I recently spent a week at the New York Helmsley Hotel and had a fantastic time in the hotel and in New York.On arrival to the hotel the staff were very helpful and friendly. There's always someone around to give you some help and advice at all times of the day/night. Every member of staff we met were very friendly towards us.We stayed in a twin room on the 31st floor with a fantastic view over 42nd street and buildings beyond (see my photos). The room was well equipped with flat-screen TV, comfortable beds, clean linen and a fantastic en-suite bathroom with plenty of towels, etc every day.Security at the hotel is fantastic with extra-safe security at night. Mindy's restaurant has excellent staff but the food is slight pricey for what you get. Harry's bar has a nice friendly feel and is not too expensive compared to other bars/pubs in New York. But obviously there's plenty of alternatives near the hotel instead if you wish!Location-wise the hotel wins me over again. Fantastic shops such as Gap are literally a minute away. Times Square is about a 10 minute walk and everything else is nearby. The Crysler building is literally opposite the hotel and The Empire State building is quite close too. We also walked from the hotel to 5th avenue to do a bit of shopping. It was about a 20 minute walk but there's plenty to keep you occupied on the way. The subway is very close to the hotel too so basically every area in New York is close to you!Overall I would rate this hotel 9.5/10 - it really was a great stay. The only downside would be Mindy's restaurant, although we only had breakfast in there. If you're planning a stay at the New York Helmsley Hotel, you won't be disappointed!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlexisM
<Content>Technically a 4 Star Spent three nights at the Helmsley in late October 2006.The one great thing about the hotel is certainly location: most of the Manhattan tourist attractions are within walking distance.For the rest, take the legal description of a four star hotel, and fulfill all the requirements with as much badwill as you can:- yes, there are plenty of clean towels and soaps in the bathroom, a tv, a table and a chair in the room, a large wardrobe with an iron, etc.- but everything is so worn, the furniture seems to come from the salvation army, shampoo in the bathroom has a little insignia that looks like the by approval of the queen of England one but has actually nothing to do with that seal,... We were on a week-end trip and I had informed the hotel that I had just proposed to my girlfriend and we were there to celebrate that occasion. I had asked if we could get a nice view, and the booking clerk had told me they would do their best. When we arrived, the reception had obviously never heard of us, and gave us the cheap room (that corresponded to the cheap price we had paid). I understand some rooms have been refurbished, but the one that haven't must be something like 20 years old.We did not have any problem with tipping harrasment, and when we called the reception to have a Euro/US plug adaptor, it was promptly delivered to our room.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>EastSide22ZD
<Content>NY Helmsley Good solid business class hotel on 42nd Street. Only draw back is it's a little far east.Good size rooms for NYC.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>DubLass
<Content>Great Hotel  Having read lots of mixed reviews on this hotel, I was very apprehensive and dreading the worst. I will admit that I am very fussy when deciding on a hotel and after doing alot of research I decided on the New York Helmsley, I wasn't disappointed.We arrived on 26 Oct 06 for 4 nights and checked in around 2pm. We had booked a double double room and requested the 37th floor when checking in, as I had read on this website that this particular floor had been recently renovated and the rooms were 'Premier'. The front desk staff were very nice and promptly upgraded us with no problems. The decor in the room was traditional but was extremely clean and was in no way shabby. The beds were extremely comfortable, there was a plasma tv, fridge, steam iron and board, safe and dressing gowns in the room also. The bathroom was pretty spacious, again, always clean, with new towels every day. We did leave a tip for the housekeeping staff every day, just 2 or 3 dollars and we definitely got excellent service from them. I had read that some people had problems with the lifts but we never had to wait more than a minute for them. We contacted the Concierge the 2nd morning and asked her to book some restaurants for us during our stay, we gave her a price range that we were willing to pay and the type of food we鈥檇 like. We arrived back in our room that evening to find a voicemail from her detailing the reservations, we weren鈥檛 disappointed at all with her choice. All in all, we honestly had no problems with the hotel and would definitely return. It is only a 5-10 minute walk from Times Square, Central Park etc. and right beside Grand Central and the Chrysler building.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>SthAussies
<Content>great location we recently spent 3 nights in New York.The hotel is in a great location, a short walk to Times Square and the hop on hop off bus.The staff were extremely helpful from arrival onwards until we left.The room was clean, and the breakfast in the resturant was great(a little expensive with the exchange rate). If you don't want to eat in the resturant there are a number of small shops which serve breakfast close by or 10 minutes to time square.The security on arriving back at night was excellent and we found the room quiet and the outside noise not too much of a problem even though we faced 42nd street.If you want to be close to Time Square this is a great location.We felt safe walking back a night along 42nd street.A tip to those proposing transfers from the airport. Ensure you book before you leave home and expect at least a 30min wait at the airport.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Arthaus
<Content>New York Gem My wife and another couple of friends stayed at the hotel between Saturday 21st - 26th October 2006. Upon our arrival, there was a problem with our booking, however the staff dealt with the issue in a competent and timely manner, even allowing us into our rooms before the scheduled time......And what a room. We were in Room 3605 which presented us with the most glorious view of The Chrysler Building and the surrounding skyline. The size of the room was more than adequate with an extremely comfortable bed, flatscreen TV and lovely soft towels in the bathroom. There is also a safe, iron (and board) and a hair dryer. The room would benefit from tea-making facilities.Overall, the staff couldn't have been any more helpful, and this included a bottle of champagne left in our room with the hotel's compliments to help celebrate my wife and I's joint 50th birthdays. The Concierge was also very helpful with information about local tours, arranging transport to the airport and confirming flight times etc. The hotel is also in a great location, a short walking distance from Grand Central and the Chrysler Building. We didn't eat in the hotel, but found very good breakfasts next door at Pax, around the corner at The Frontier and for more of a dining experience, The Pershing Square Central Cafe opposite Grand Central.We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Missy1
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed here last May with 2 others on a short break to New York.The Helmsley is a very reasonbly priced hotel for Manhatton and every major site is with in easy access. The staff were extremely helpful and polite. We found the bar quite expensive so I wouldn't recommend staying at hotel bar the a nights entertainment. We didn't try the restaurant as we had only booked in as room only. This isn't a problem as there is a restaurant next door that does a good breakfast.I would certainly and have recommended this hotel to alot of my friends and will be staying here again on my next visit.For value for money in New York, the Helmsley is a definite.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Laura808
<Content>Excellent hotel overall! The Hemsley was above our expectations! From the moment we stepped out of our cab upon arrival until we checked out. The bell/ valet staff was like no other and went out of their way to tend to our needs. My daughter left an oversized stuffed animal in the room when we checked out. They mailed it Fed Ex to us all the way to Hawaii! I will 100% stay there again!LauraKapolei,HI  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>mshbnyehud
<Content>Fitness Center is almost ready!! The Helmsley has recently renovated its rooms. Everything has been updated but the old air conditioning system is still there. For my stay, they had already switched to winter mode, so if you encounter Indian Summer as I did, with outside temperatures above normal, you're going to sweat inside your room!Also, the renovations either did not involve changing the beds or the hotel chose to install very poor quality beds. They are hardly comfortable, and I woke up each morning with lower back pain.The bathroom towels, on the other hand, are probably the finest I've encountered at any hotel. Large, fluffy, very nice. Free internet service has been added, and they have plasma screen TV's.The good news is that more than one hotel staff person told me that a much needed fitness center will open within a month. I sincerely hope that they haven't scrimped on size of the fitness center, or the quality of the machines purchased. I also hope that it will be a complimentary service for hotel guests.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	5	-1	5	

<Author>Marcus_Laz
<Content>Don't get over-excited In the last 4 years my wife and I have travelled some 48,000 miles around the world. We've stayed in some very impressive places and feel that we have enough experience to justifiably offer a critique of any hotel we encounter. The NY Helmsley is an OK hotel. It's good good staff, it's efficient, clean enough and has a decent bar and restaurant. If you don't expect any more than that you won't be disappointed. It's very convenient for all the sights and sounds of this incredible city and it's a true reflection of the people and the ambience itself. New York is a loud, bustling metropolis, where people live in the fast lane while trying to survive and make a living. Tourists are obviously welcome and well catered for but this is a living, breathing monster so if it's your first time be prepared to accept that New Yorkers have a unique 'style' in keeping with their surroundings. We had no complaints as such. Sure the rooms are smaller than any other in the US but this is New York - space on the island is at a premium so you'll just have to accept that. The people are great - laugh off the abrupt ones and join in with the colourful ones - this is what makes your trip anyway so enjoy it no matter what happens! You can't really go wrong at the Helmsley for a mid-priced base. We would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	1	

<Author>jospehine
<Content>great hotel! I was a little concerned about staying at this hotel after reading some reviews on this web site but, as it turned out there was no need. My stay was completely without incident. In fact, I was pleasantly surprised with the level of service and accommodations.The hotel restaurant had a high level of service and I was served a quality breakfast each morning, with a great cup of coffee. The room service meals were always hot and tasty as well. We had a beautiful room on the 11th floor with a spectacular view of the Empire State Building. The hotel is located on E.42nd Street in midtown Manhattan, one block away from Grand Central Station and the Chrysler Building. I also found the bus service to be a fast and cheap option when I needed to run across town to the heliport. The area near the hotel is littered with restaurants and markets where you can grab a bite and take it back to your room. The room also has a small refrigerator under the bathroom counter, and Grand Central Station has a great market where you can pick up nutritious snacks, and fresh fruits and juices.I definitely plan on staying at this hotel later this year  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>IrishDolly
<Content>Absolutely awful I had previously stayed at this hotel in April with my husband and found it fine, especially the location and room size but with one or two minor problems. Being in New York on my own this time I decided to stay here again. My check in time was stated as 4pm but myself and 75 other people were told that our rooms were not ready. The manager on duty was extremely unhelpful and muttered something about flight crews not having checked out. I finally got a room at 9.45 pm and that was only through persistence. Having asked for a non-smoking room I was offered a smoking room only but when I produced my asthma inhaler a non-smoking room magically appeared. My only compensation from the hotel was one free drink from the bar. The room was awful -really filthy and the bathroom was streaked with soot. I was only in New York for one night but I felt very sorry for those who were there on honeymoon or special birthday breaks. No sympathy from the hotel and no gestures to compensate. Given the extremely poor service I was also fed up with the hustling for tips from staff. A crap experience overall and I would NOT recommend this hotel at all. Their concerns are with the flight crews and the business they bring. The average tourist just does not figure on their radar. On future visits I will stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>EupearsiaTaylor
<Content>Will stay again, great location Great location, when I arrived bell boys to carry my suit cases. The receptionist was very friendly.Room was clean but was not aired. Opening the window sorted this out.Room service was quick and fast. In house restaurant was a bit expensive but food was great for the first night if you've tired and don't want to go out.The down side House Keeping very basic and poor. Made and beds and cleaned the bathroom room but left tea cups from the previous night in the room.We used ironing board left it in the middle of the room they did not pack away. Besides house keeping this was a great stay, on 42nd street but away from times square btw 2nd  3rd.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>OrlaM
<Content>Nice Hotel, good location Stayed two nights in September, 22nd and 30th so experienced two different rooms. Both were clean and well furnished . Beds were extremely comfortable.However although location was good, for the price we paid we felt we should have had a coffee maker or minibar in room as the food and drink in restaurant were expensive.The lobby area was small and became congested . The reception was efficient and friendly but quite often long queues developed as there was only one person on the desk.Not a good hotel for business users as information on internet access was difficult to come by - there was no information in handbook in room.Hotel seemed to be used by flight crews and if you didn't have to worry about meal costs it would be great.In conclusion, this was a nice hotel in a good location on 42nd St , close to Grand Central Sation and bus to Newark Airport, however I think there are probably other hotels giving better value for money. Would only go back if we got a good rate.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>littlecoyote
<Content>Two Star Hotel Let me start by saying that everyone on staff was very nice. Everything else about this hotel wasn't so great. It's two stars, maybe 2.5. Although the copy on the Expedia site has been changed -- no doubt due to me -- one of the reasons I booked this hotel was for complimentary wireless service. If you are on the lower floors it's all dial up. If you're on an upper floor, it's a dsl cable that isn't operational. At least it wasn't working in the room I was in, which featured a spaghetti of wires beneath the desk, not all of which were hooked up. An IT person was supposed to come up to the room to fix things while I was out but apparently never showed. I was, however, told there was free wifi in Bryant Park just three blocks away... (Bryant Park is by the Library between 5th  6th - it's lovely place -- also where they hold Fashion Week).You can access wifi in the hotel's Business Center, but they charge a chunk. Beyond all that, the place was falling apart and on the wrong side of shabby. In the renovated room I was moved to: 1) There was garbage in the trash can by the desk2) Three lightbulbs in the cut glass fixture around the mirror in the bathroom were burned out3) The hot water knob on the sink was missing a finishing piece4) The sink drain was an extremely slow drainer... 5) And scrawled onto the interior shower curtain were the words Too Short. Too Short. True, but even worse with the scribbles. When I decided to do some evening ironing so I wouldn't be so hurried in the morning before a meeting, I first thought the iron wasn't working. It turned out that the bottom outlet in the two-plug outlet I plugged into was dodgy. The top plug apparently worked because a lit lamp was plugged into it. My room had two beds so, given everything, I analyzed them closely before deciding which one to get into. One bed was rather poorly made, with a dust ruffle askew. I opted for bed #2, I don't know how anyone thinks this is a clean hotel. There's chipped paint, bad seals, spots on unholstery and carpets. It made me wonder whether some of the reviews I've read were plants. Having visited New York mostly for business many times, and stayed all over the island, I can tell you with absolute assurance that you can do better. Next time, I certainly will...I tried the Helmsley because the reviews sounded good, I'm always looking for new places (depending on the season, NY can book up so it's nice to have options), and 3.5 stars for a mid-price hotel was impressive. Beyond the location, which is convenient, especially if you want to catch the bus shuttle to LaGuardia across the street from Grand Centrel, this hotel is a bust. Keep looking...  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	3	3	1	

<Author>Cork-wanderer
<Content>Handy and Convienient Myself and My wife stayed there for a few days in august on our way back home to ireland.The room was very nice witha great view of the Chrysler building on the 26 floor.We found the location excellent for broadway, shopping and sightseeing.The staff were professional, polite and very good at their job.We didnt eat that much at the hotel but what we did eat there was very nice.Pax deli next door is great for breakfast and treats.We intend on returning to new york in a few months time and will stay there again  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Toto65
<Content>Best place in Manhatten Stayed 3 nights...safe, large rooms, clean, attention to detail, friendly and helpful. I will return...Only drawback was slow checkout! Mindy's resturant serves the best crab cake appetizer I've ever eaten anywhere!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>leadingnote
<Content>Good hotel I've just got back after a five night stay. I was on the 10th floor in what I assume is not a newly decorated room. Nevertheless, it was spacious and clean, with a large bed, nice bathroom and plenty of towells. The only criticism I have is that I was woken several times by what I think were garbage collectors, emptying and then dropping large metal skips. This is pretty noisy at 1.30 in the morning. There's also some noise from traffic, as the windows are single glazed. The hotel is in a good location, and I'd like to recommend the food court at Grand Central Station, which is a few minutes' walk away. There's a huge variety of food which you can eat there, or take out. I would stay at the Helmsley again.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Bryno
<Content>Great location, great staff, would go back tomorrow ! Stayed there for 5 nights in September 2006. Three of us sharing a room on the 39th Floor.It's in a fantastic location, just a few mins walk from Grand Central Station and Chrysler Building. Bus Stop across the road will take you all the way across 42nd Street to the West side for access to any of the Piers. Uptown/Downtown trains are available at Grand Central Station subway. The room was very well presented. We had a lot of trouble with the new flat screen TV and had to phone 'Tech Support' a lot of times, but I cannot really fault this as I believe that the flatscreens had only recently been installed and there were some teething problems which will get sorted out. The room had a double and a single bed, nice size en-suite with loads of towels, hair drier and other necessities. Only one dressing gown, but I'm certain we could have asked for more if we had really wanted them. There was fridge and a safe, ironing board and iron (didn't get much use!!) The elevator took less than one minute to get from ground floor to 39th, so no holdups there and as there are 6 elevators, there was rarely a wait. The reception staff were very efficient, it only took about 3 minutes to check in and the same to check out. The front of house guys were very friendly. Right next door to the hotel a very good coffee shop called PAX, while a three minute walk took you to Duane Reade Pharmacy/convenience shop for anything you may have forgotten to bring along.There is a very nice bar called Harrys just off the foyer and also a very good restaurant called Mindys where breakfast prices were quite reasonable. We did not use Mindys as we wanted to check out the local diners. (Johns, 45th street - very good, Comfort Diner, 46th Street - great, Brooklyn Diner, 57th Street - spectacular, though twice the price of the others)Our room was a 'Premier' room and it was slightly more expensive than standard but the few dollars more was well worth it. For anyone a little nervous of heights, you should make this known on booking so that they will allocate you a room on the lower floors.We had a most enjoyuable stay in NYC and the NY Helmsley played a major part in this. I didn't want to leave, but unfortunately c'est la vie.I'll be back, hopefully sooner rather than later.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>USAfreak!
<Content>An EXCELLENT location!! My Mum and Dad and My husband and I stayed here for two nights at the beginning of August. I had researched the hotel on Trip Advisor and was pleasantly surprised to see that MOST of the comments left were positive. I can only endorse this sentiment1 The hotel was very clean and welcoming. We were staying on the 29th floor and our room had a superb view of the Chrysler building. I could hear traffic but that only added to the feeling of being in the 'city that never sleeps!' This was our first time in New York and the atmosphere was electric. We were totally over whelmed with the whole experience. The hotel was perfect for Grand Central Station and we were more than thrilled with the service. We didn't think that the $18 (before tax) breakfast at the hotel was worth it so we toured every morning to the Pax Deli next door. The staff there are courteous and the food is wonderfully fresh - good value too. This was a perfect start to our three and a half weeks in the USA. We went to Florida for the rest of the vacation. The New York Helmsley is worth a return visit!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Luvtotravel7
<Content>Good stay; would return What you see/read on their website is what you get here at the NY Helmsley - no surprises - altho we had to ask for the bath robes to be brought to our rooms. We had 2 rooms on the 28th floor: 2801 with a King bed  2818 with 2 doubles. Neither had a view of the Chryler Bldg unfortunately. 2806 does but it didn't have a king bed so my husband  I moved to 2801. Altho we were so high up, we could still hear traffic noise  sirens but the hotel itself was very quiet. I was initally worried when I saw on their website that they are renovating but if they are, we were not all affected by construction noise. And we never heard other guests on our floor.Rooms are a good size for NY; beds were very comfortable altho the mattresses were not pillowtop. The towels were wonderfully thick. It was great having a small fridge in the rooms (their website says these are available on request but we didn't have to ask for them.) For a hotel with this reputation, you wouldn't think they were use plastic glasses in the rooms but they do. (They do have the Helmsley logo on them.)Although the decor (traditional) isn't my favourite, I would certainly consider staying at this hotel again for all the other features plus the close proximity to Grand Central Station.One warning however - the drinks at Harry's bar are very expensive. 2 drinks - a vodka martini  vermouth - cost my step daughter about $26! Maybe that's par for NY but I thought it was outrageous.For a healthy  very reasonably priced breakfast or lunch, eat at Pax right next door. We had breakfast there each day.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>txsmiles
<Content>Good Hotel, if you get a deal After extensive research, we booked at the Helmsley for a 5 day vacation. The good news - it is in a GREAT location, as previously mentioned walking distance from many things you'll want to do, and easy access to transportation at Grand Central, and of course an endless supply of taxi's outside the door on 42nd street. The hotel was clean, the rooms were spacious (really very large by NYC standards) We had a small refridgerator, which was a nice surprise. We did NOT have a flat screen TV or free internet access as mentioned by some. No coffee pot, either. The decor was outdated, and a bit shabby... but not enough to bother us. We could see the Chrysler building and weren't particularly bothered by noise from 42nd street... it IS New York, after all! All but one staff member were very friendly, helpful, and not demanding about tips. Unfortunately the one bad apple was a manager who very nearly ruined our trip before it started.The bad news - Do NOT expect to park an oversize vehicle at this hotel. Our multiple phone calls to confirm that they could park our van (at their ridiculous rate of $42.50 per day, no in-and-out priviledges) still resulted in them sending me, a single mother, out at 11pm to find our own place to park (thus, the bad-apple manager experience, noted above). This manager's attitude and behavior, especially after we had confirmed twice that they could accomodate our van, were outrageous. In addition, we had hot water issues (rather, a lack of hot water) and called twice a day for maintenance. No one showed up and we were not offered another room. If you can get a good rate, aren't concerned about staying in a trendy or chic hotel, want to be in mid-town, and don't need to park a large van... this is a good bet in NYC - booking through the hotel's website, we paid under $165 per night for 2 queen beds, ate several breakfasts from the PAX next door, and had a great vacation.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marybondalilo
<Content>Location, Price, Comfort, Friendly All good, stayed 3 nights, no complaints.Good Restaurant's Nearby Cibo on 2nd Avenue to the right and the capital grill o Lexington.Great view of Empire State Building from our bedroom.Comfy Beds.Great 4 star by New York standards.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thumber77
<Content>Helmsley Survivor After 3 trips back to the front desk at 1 am and the hotel keys still don't work; after dealing with the surly staff including a doorman who asked for a tip after telling me it was NOT his problem where I parked my car; and after being told the hotel valet charges $45 each time you give them your car, I knew I had made a BIG mistake coming to the Helmsley. At $275/night including tax, I had never had such a negative experience in NYC including at the 15 or so hotels I had used that were significantly cheaper. Do yourself a favor - don't stay here and experience your own horror story. On a scale of 1-10, I give the Helmsley negative 4.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nyoung318
<Content>Excellent! I researched the New York Helmsley for a while before deciding to book the hotel. There were some mixed reviews about the Hotel. A group of us just returned from a trip to NYC on Mon. Aug. 14th. Our visit and stay shattered all stereotypes about NYC and the hotel. The Bellman was very helpful and provided tips on where to eat and get good deals. The renovated rooms were very clean and smelled clean. The room included a flatscreen tv along with free internet; including using your own laptop to connect to the Hotels Internet. From the moment we arrived until we departed, everyone was very nice and polite. The hotel employees were not overzelous about making it known that they are supposed to be tipped. I will definitely stay at the New York Helmsley for my next trip to NYC! Be sure to request a renovated room from the hotel directly after you initially book.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Goessag
<Content>beware the rude bell captain This is a nice hotel with good sized rooms in a great location. However my stay was ruined by the incredibly rude bell captain on duty there. He cannot be serious ! He was waiting for a tip after being so rude and downright nasty to guests. It really gets to me when staff think they can treat people like dirt and then expect their couple of dollars as 'appreciation'. This guy deserves to be sacked. Also 7 dollars for 15 minutes of internet access is ridiculous.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trawar
<Content>fabulous hotel WOW!! what can i say, just got back from a week in the Helmsley and there is NO way that i can fault this hotel. ( 10th August 06)I had read all of the reviews before i left and was a bit concerned about  stroppy, unhelpful staff as read in other reviews, well i never found 1.From the time we arrived to the time we left they were brilliant, my mother in law is a diabetic and as it was her first time abroad, she was nervous, no need the restaurant staff, manager Tom and all of the waiters did everything that the could to accomodate her.The room was on the 31st Floor, again great, air con worked well, no traffic noise. Amazing views, no problems with the lifts.Free internet in room, emails etc, The whole place is great, this will deffinatly be the only hotel that i stay in, when i return to New York.Great position, 5 mins central station, 10 mins Times Square.would highly reccomend this hotel  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mirage777
<Content>Beware of Identity Theft at this location I was a guest at this hotel in July 2006. I used the in-room internet on the 30th floor and my passwords were stolen. I traced the theft back to the Helmsley so I know this for sure. The in-room internet browser should be avoided unless you just want to browse the news, etc. but DO NOT ENTER any info you do not want stolen. As for the rest of the hotel, I liked my stay there. Room was very nice, esp. the bathroom. I didn't have much contact w/staff but what little I did, they seemed courteous. I didn't try the (expensive) restaurant or bar but there is plenty of food within walking distance. The hotel's in a really convenient location and I'd even stay there again. BUT i would not use the in-room internet for my e-mail!!!!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>casavaldez
<Content>Wonderful hotel!! My husband and I stayed at the Helmsely during our trip to NYC at the end of July. This was the best experience with a hotel we have ever had. We got a room on the top floor with an unobstructed view of the Empire State Building! The staff was all very nice and helpful. The location is just a couple of blocks from Grand Central right on 42 Street! You can walk to anywhere from here! Harry's Bar was wonderful during their evening cocktail hour! If we ever come back to the beautiful city of New York we will always stay at the Helmsely!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SissyGreen
<Content>Definitely recommended Myself and my boyfriend stayed at the Helmsley in Dec 2004 for 4 days as part of a package we booked with lastminute.com - we were meant to stay at the Crowne Plaza but due to a mistake with our booking our accommodation was changed - and I'm glad because I loved this hotel! This was our first time in New York and it was a great location, easy to get everywhere from Grand Central and I felt like I was 'really in Manhattan' with the Chrysler Building and other skyscrapers all around. Not the funkiest of areas though, I wouldn't go out on a session around midtown. Got a fab deal with return flights  4 nights here a week and a half before Xmas for 拢350 each and def thought it was worth it.Our room was comfortable and spotless and our bed was huge. Bathroom was nice and I loved the mirror (had light bulbs all around it like a makeup one in a theatre). Staff were really friendly and helpful and we had a drink in the bar which was expensive but enjoyed the piano and watching the world go by. Lobby and restaurant etc looked immaculate.We ate breakfast every day at Pershing Square which is a cute little diner under the raliway viaduct about 5 mins from the Helmsley and my boyf swore by their pancakes!Only complaint I had was that the room service wasn't 24 hour when I was there, that may have changed. That says it all when that is your only complaint!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SteepleHill
<Content>First Class Hotel We booked 2 rooms for 4 nights at the New York Helmsley. From the min we stepped out of the cab we were greated with smiling faces. As we went to check in, the staff were super friendly. Up to this point I was very impressed. Anthony and Nick the door man were great to give advice where to go to eat in NY city. Jemal at the front desk was amazing trying to accomodate all of us and because we couldnt get our rooms on the same floor we were sent free champagne which was a nice gesture. The rooms were very clean and modern. All rooms had flat screen TV with internet. The maids were very good at doing what they are asked to do as I was staying with a toddler and requested that the bathroom be scrubed extra clean and I given extra towels which they were very plush and nice. I've been in New York city many times and I've never left the city satisfied as I was this time around. I really saw New York as a first class city, maybe it was just my luck with the right staff working the days of my stay or New York has really changed. Much cleaner than I remembered. I do visit New York yearly and will again stay at the Helmsley Hotel next year. I recommend anyone who wants a nice clean moderately large room for NY standards with great location to check in at this hotel. Only problem is the TV and internet, I was told that the system is new so the program has problems..Just call the front desk and they will fix it right away.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Seejay
<Content>The New York Helmsley is a great choice         
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jake36
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed in the NY Helmsley hotel for 5 nights, earlier this month and I would highly recommend it. The rooms were spotless, and the hotel has a nice ambience about it. The location is ideal for exploring Manhattan on foot. pAX DINER next door do great breakfasts. Had lunch in the hotel restaurant once and it was very nice , but a little expensive if you have kids etc.The staff are efficent and professional but some at the front desk are not over friendly. There is free tea and coffee in the lobby every day but they seem to take it away at about 8am so u need to be up early for that.Overall a very pleasent experience and I would definetly stay again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rock1
<Content>Nice Three Star Hotel We just returned from a 3 night stay during a major New York heat wave-temperatures in the 100's. I am happy to say that the air conditioning worked beautifully! There was a minor glitch at check-in when they inquired if I had cancelled my reservations, but all was well, and we ended up with 2 adjoining rooms with a rollaway bed as requested. (We are a family of 5). The room with 2 double beds could accomodate a rollaway, which tells you that the room sizes were generous. We stayed on the 10th floor which was NOISEY. I am surprised this has not been mentioned more often--sirens were quite constant. I do not know if a higher floor would have helped, but when making reservations ask about the quiet side of the hotel. We also did not have the flat screen TV's I have seen mentioned, so if that is important to you, request one. Pax, the deli next door was perfect for breakfast to go. We did take our own coffee pot-although I was told complimentary coffee was available in the lobby from 6-8am. Bottom line-a nice basic hotel-nothing to write home about, but very satisfactory-and an excellent price by New York standards.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	2	4	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value Central Hotel We stayed for 4 nights at the New York Helmsley in June. We got a good deal booking through Octopus Travel for a central New York hotel. The Helmsley was very good value for money for a centrally located 4 star hotel as we paid nearly as much 5 years ago for a 2 star.We got a room on the top floor which was spacious and although at the back of the hotel had nice views over towards the Empire State Building. The bathroom was quite good compared to most hotels in the UK and US - quite clean. I would agree that earplugs are a must as the air conditioning is quite noisy and there are always yellow cabs blowing their horns during the night! Our room had a flat screen tv and a fridge which came in useful.The hotel is ideally located close enough to walk to most attractions and only a few steps away from Central Station for those wanting alternative modes of transport. We found taxis fairly cheap and plentiful.We found the staff pleasant enough although we didn't have much contact other than checking in and out. The bellman was helpful enough when asked to keep our bags after check out until we were picked up for going back to the airport. The bar can be a bit of a pain as the staff are usually a bit evasive and they won't take orders at the bar or let you pay at the bar so it can somethimes be a bit of a wait.We went for breakfast at the Pax next door but I would avoid the pancakes as these are simply microwaved and not very fresh tasting. We found a great deli round the corner - Old Bridge (I think!) where you choose and buy your food downstairs and then there's a huge seating area upstairs. It was really fresh food and smoothies and only cost pennie - it seemed a bit daunting at first but its worth it. It was a pity we found it on our last morning.For dinner when we didn't want to venture far we went across the road from the hotel to an Italian, Osteria Laguna (I think). It was quite nice food with Italian rather than US portions so a bit of a lighter bite.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A fantastic base for New York City The New York Helmsley is a fantastic hotel in an ideal location in midtown Manhattan. We were made very welcome by Bernardo at reception who gave myself and five nursing colleagues rooms on the 37th floor. The rooms were very plush indeed with fabulous tempura mattresses and plasma TV screens and free email. The view from our room was awesome with the crysler building being on the left and the united nations being to the right. The staff were very attentive to your needs and despite comments from previous visitors of hands out for tips, we never saw this at all. The Door Staff were amazing and the two that shone for us were Nic and Michael, who were always smilling and ready to help with any query we had. They made getting about in Manhattan so much easier, and were so courteous and polite. The location is central for all subways and locations in middle Manhattan and as far as we were concerned was terrific value for money.If we are ever fortunate enough to be in New York again then we would have no hesitation in making The New York Helmsley our accomodation. It is a superb hotel.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a surprise Having read some previous reviews I was very nervous about my stay in the Helmsley and arrived fearing the worst. However, from the moment I walked to reception to when I checked out, I could not find a reason to complain. The Hotel is ideally located for whatever or wherever you need to do and see. With the location comes the noise from the street but it was not an issue in the rooms. The rooms are spacious and clean, good shower and no hassles with a/c. The black out blinds are great too if you have had a long overnight flight before arrival. Breakfast is pricey but with plenty of cool little deli's and coffee shops nearby, why eat in the hotel. All in all, this is a great place to stay and I hope to return soon.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sweet Me and 2 friends stayed at this hotel for our first trip to NYC, We all thought that the hotel and staff were brilliant and couldnt do enough to make our stay great, for example when we arrived in NYC at the hotel we were advised by the hotel manager that our rom wasnt ready due to a problem with the previous guest flight therefore we couldnt have it so they put us up in there suster hotel the park lane helmesley over looking central park for no extra cost and even gave us $20 for the cab ride.After staying at there sister hotel we arrived back at the helmsley at 10am the following morning and were advised that the rooms wasnt and would be about an hour so instead of telling us to come back she bought us breakfast which took and hour so when we finished the room was readyGreat hotel and would go back to again.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel We stayed at the Helmsley for 4 nights over the Memorial Holiday. At check in we were greeted by the friendly staff and we able to check in early (around 1). We were upgraded without asking and had a lovely veiw of the Empire State Building. We were on the 37th floor and only experience problems with the lifts 1 morning. The room was spacious  the beds were very comfortable. We had 2 small problems while staying there. The A/C unit did not work very well, we keep it running the whole time  it never got really cold. It was cool but the weather was not really hot while we were there. I would have second thoughts of staying during the heat of summer. Secondly the hot water in the shower was minumial. Had to take showers with almost no cold water on the get it hot enough. Overall it was a nice hotel, with friendly staff  very clean. We did dine in the hotel bar one night, it was good food, but pricey. We also took the advice of the forum and had breakfast at the PAX. Drinks were overpriced there but food was good. We really like the location, being close to Grand Central. I would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overatted like the rest of New York I stayed at this hotel with my family fromthe 23rd May. Like everything else in New York I left this htel with the feeling that I had not recieved good service or value for money. The room itself was OK with a good view of the Chrysler building. There were several annoyances with it though. Firstly it was nearly impossible to sleep with the noise from the traffic, horns and sirens going all night long. We were on the 29th floor yet it was just as noisy as being at street level, why the room doesn't have double glazing to reduce the noise, beggars believe.Another annoying thing was the TV. It was stored in a cabinet. The cabinet doors would only open a small amount, so basically if you weren't directly in front of the screen you couldn't see it from any other angle in the room. We had a double bed and only one person laying on the bed could see the screen. We had an early morning call at 6 am even though we didn't arrange this. I'm certain this was arranged on the automated system by the cleaners in our room as we hadn't left a tip in our room every day. We had every intention of leaving them a tip on the last day, but due to this incident they got nothing. The hotel tried to charge us for room service even though we had nothing, again I think this was the cleaners ordering something from our room.When I told the staff at the front desk about these incidents, they were very indifferent and gave me the impression that this sort of thing goes on all the time.There was no tea or coffee facilities in the room, and no breakfast included in the price.For 拢200 a night I feel this hotel was a complete rip off, although that goes for everything in Manhatten over priced and over rated, glad to get out the place in the end.Top tips, ask for a room thats away from the street, if you want a good view then you gotta suffer the noise that goes with it. Take breakfast at Pax's deli next door, it's not the greatest, but the prices are resonable for Manhatten.Buy all your snacks, crisps, biscuits and drinks from Duane Reade ( 100 yrds away ), turn left out of hotel and then right, it's on the far corner. A 2 litre bottle of water from the Deli costs $4.00. Where as at Duane reade 4 litres will cost $1.00.Be prepared to get ripped off all over the city. I'm surprised they don't tax the air. Also you got to tip everyone for everything, they've all got their hands out for something and if you don't give them it, they'll ask for it. Nice to go once, but never again.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JoanButler
<Content>Great Hotel for First Visit to New York My son and I travelled to New York for a weekend May 11 and I did extensive research on hotels before deciding on the New York Helmsley because of its location, features and price. Thanks to Trip Advisor I had a comfort level with the hotel and location but having read so much about small rooms and other issues with New York hotels I admit I was still a little apprehensive.We were able to check in very quickly and staff friending, although we were not given any information on any features of the hotel. We were very pleased with our double room and its amenities. We were on the 37th floor and except for the faint noise of the constant horn blowing in New York, the hotel was exceptionally quiet. The location was fabulous - away from the hustle of Times Square yet within walking distance of everything and close to subway which we used to get to and from Yankees games. The only thing missing was a coffee maker in the room, but we did have a fridge. I will certainly go back there again and recommend it.  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>VAcouple
<Content>Just right for us Great location, very attentive staff, safe area, and economical. Had a few problems in the room, staff quickly corrected and was very apologetic. Room was great size with double beds and flat screen TV. Pax next door is a great place for breakfast, lunch, and a snack. Subway/Grand Central just a block away. Plan to make this the only place to stay in midtown.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel and Great Staff Having stayed in New York a number of times I have known only too well how terrible hotels can be, and so I was very pleasantly surprised to find that the Helmsley was a great place to stay.We stayed for 7 seven nights but by the second we already knew a number of the staff by name and I was greeted personally each time I entered the lobby. The room was a good size, especially by NY standards. There were three of us staying in a room with two queen size beds and while none of us packed lightly there was still enough room for us and our considerable luggage.I know that a number of people have written about the very slow lifts, and while I agree, I think that if you're in New York and lifts are enough to mar your trip, you're really not making the most of your stay. All in all I would reccomend this hotel and will stay again on my next trip.. especially if I can get the same great deal I got through Escape Travel here in Aus!!  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at the New York Helmsley at end of April for 4 nights. Thought the Hotel was great, we arrived about 11.50am, our room would not be ready until 16.00hrs. Dumped our bags and went off exploring..When we returned was over the moon to find out we had been upgraded to one of the renovated rooms. Room was lovely, plasma t.v (not that we watched it much) Lots of little extra's in the bathroom (robe, toiletries etc). Beds were so comfortable. Did not have much of a view but we were hardly in there..Found no problem with lifts (we were on 30th floor) took advice of this forum to eat at PAX Deli which was great.. Had a treat on last day when we had breakfast in Hotel which was very nice.Good bar, expensive, but you would expect that in a City Hotel.Excellant location, right near Subway and Times Sq, weather was fantastic so we walked everywhere (and I have the blisters to show for it !!).Ist day there was a lovely Bell Boy there called Anthony - so helpful and friendly. Day we left we put our bags in storage room - guy who took them was so rude just standing there with his hand out. That was only downside..Great Hotel, I would definately go back and would recomend it.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Already planning next trip Good sized rooms for NY, very pleasant staff, especially those on the breakfast buffet. Overall very happy with NY Helmsley, and very reasonably priced.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tanyah
<Content>Overrated We payed over $300US a night for a room at the Helmsley, and although I expect NY to be pricey I possibly would have expected a little more from the hotel at that rate.The rooms were big enough and clean (if you ignore the hair that was in the bath when we arrived), but it was just the little things. Like a cold tap in the shower that barely worked, a sink tap that was broken (tap still useable), a complete lack of a view (i think we were given one of the few dud rooms on the floor without a view), no fridge etc.And I'm not sure what happened to the plasma screen with internet access .. for us we would have had to pay $7US for 15 minutes down in the lobby! And we also had issues with the bag boy. We did give a tip, but the guy had some attitude issues.On the plus side though, we were happy with the location (10-15 min walk to Times Sq) and the beds were ultra comfy.If you can get a good price for a room here, its not a bad place to stay. But I would probably try some place else on my next trip to NYC.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Old Favorite I prefer to stay at the Helmsley when I travel to NYC for business. I stay there on average about 6 times a year for about 6 years now and I always enjoy the stay. Bernardo at the front desk is great. The rooms are large by NYC standards and always clean. Large bathroom. The tv function is iffy but hey why are you watching tv if you are in NYC? Love the apples on the check in desk and the Times at my door. I eat breakfast at PAX next door (oatmeal is yummy!) Fair warning that the rooms are warm until after May 15 when they turn on the air conditioning but they will bring a fan and the windows open. The only downside is the angry bell men. I wish they would fire half of them! Every stay I see them being mean to someone! And they are so slow getting or taking your bags! But I try to avoid them and my stay is great!  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bobbie7
<Content>A Fine Hotel April 2006My husband and I were guests at the Helmsley New York Hotel on E. 42nd Street and the word 'guest' applies. We were treated as guests by ladies and gentlemen and were made to feel very special.We made our reservations through the internet, our room was one with a fine view of the area and in excellent repair. Every employee made us feel welcome for the four nights we stayed at the hotel by being considerate, helpful,responsive, organized and wishing to fulfill our needs and wishes.We felt comfortable, safe and welcome. We would recommend this hotel highly to people of all ages.R.H., Sarasota, Fl.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carole hughes
<Content>Disappointed Helsmsley was okay. Good location and comfortable beds but shower wouldnt empty and it was so hot at night even when we tried to turn on the outdated air conditioning. New York is known as the city that never sleeps and even though we were on the 36th floor the constant noise of sirens and car horns kept me awake. Reception staff friendly apart from the man who looked after our cases and snarled when a tip was not offered. Harrys bar is old fashioned and far better to go to Muldoons or Mcfaddens were the staff are more friendly and there is a bit of life there.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travel_Luv
<Content>Wonderful!       HUGE ROOM!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>buzzard1234
<Content>Fantastic views A friend and I stayed at the Helmsley the first week in December.It was fantastic we had a room on the 35th floor overlooking the empire state building to our right and straight through other buildings to the Brooklyn Bridge.The room was cleaned and new sheets put on the very comfortable beds daily.When we woke on the first morning to find it had snowed our trip was complete.Will be returning to New York next year and will definetly be staying at the Helmsley.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>zada205
<Content>Fabulous hotel in great location Great hotel. We stayed here for 3 nights over the St Patrick's Day weekend. We were given a corner room on the 35th floor - fantastic views of both Empire state building and the Chrysler Building. We found all the staff to be very pleasant and helpful including the reception staff and the bell boys. The room itself was clean and spacious with a very comfortable bed. I would definitely recommend this hotel and when we go back to New York I would stay here again. Deli next door 'PAX' was great for cheap breakfast and snacks.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel Stayed at the helmsley for 5 nights with 4 friends, rooms are suprisingly spacious for a city hotel. We had 2 double beds, a plasma screen and a fridge. A very good price for a 4* hotel in a very central location. We also hired a roll away bed for $30 per night which was like a proper bed with wheels...The hotel location is brilliant....a short walk from 5th avenue shopping, the empire state building and timesquare. The closest underground station is Grand Central Station. We got a cab frm JFK...with there being 5 of us we ordered from a private hire firm - 'carmel' and payed $70 inc tips and toll.Some of the hotel staff do come across a little roud and somewhat impersonal. The shower was a little annoying as the water was either a little too warm or a little too cold and it did take a while sometimes to adjust to the right temperature. Aside from that cant fault the hotel. Rooms were made everyday and copy of new york times was delivered daily. The concierge are very helpful and provided all sightseeing info.If you're vegetarian I would warn you that there is a general limited variety in new york city. We lived off subway and dominos pizza for the week....Would definitely stay at the helmsley again....great time in new york.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely My friends and I stayed here for four nights over the St Patricks day period. Our rooms were on the 36th floor, really nice rooms, very clean and modern, maid service every day. The only thing I would fault would be, some of the reception staff are quite rude, and keep an eye on your bill with the bar staff, if they are serving at your table, keep tabs of what you had as they do seem to try to add drinks on that you haven't had, or imply you haven't paid! This also happened to another couple who were staying there the same time as us!Apart from that, good location and a lovely hotel, would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>grapegirl
<Content>Great Location with no hassle       The hotel from across the street  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb!!! This was our first time in New York so we were a bit nervous of what to expect especially with regard to our hotel. We were so impressed with the hotel, we would definately recommend it. It was clean, by no means basic and centrally located. For the price we paid we were over joyed with our accomodation and would not fault it. It cost us about $60 in a taxi from JFK, that was including toll and tip which isn't bad. There is a bus which goes to and from the airport and stops at Grand Central Station which is literally a 10 minute walk up the street which is about $13 each. If you are lazy (like us)there are always taxis right outside of the hotel. Next door to the hotel is a place called Pax which offers a selection of food and drink which is really handy for breakfast or a coffee. I could not comment on the hotel food as we did not eat there once! We thoroughly enjoyed our time in New York and having a good hotel really helped. If you are planning a trip on a budget definately stay at this hotel because I can guarantee you will not be dissapointed. The only fault I could possibly find is the time you have to wait for lifts, but I reckon that is standard in NY as everything is so high!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EddieT
<Content>Great location, some rooms okay I booked my room through a no-name site who offered prices well below retail (paid $850 for 4 nights for two people). The first company I reserved with said they could not sell them to me, the place was booked. I tried again with another firm, and this time got a room. A month before we were scheduled to arrive, I called to verify the room reservation, and also request a recently renevated room, non-smoking. They confirmed, and put in the requests. Once we arrived, we were given room 2616. It was fairly high, so I figured it was exactly what I ordered..it wasn't! It was a smoking room, on a smoking floor, with two double beds. The TV was standard, and the room had some stains (floor, bedsheet, etc). As the belhop unloaded the luggage I called down to complain, and request another room. I was told the place was full (couldn't tell by the # of people), and that they didn't even have any rooms with a single bed. After a few more minutes of repeating my requests, she'd check and call back. 5 minutes later she (manager) said housekeeping said there was a room we could transfer to. This one was on the 16th floor - 1605. While it WAS on a non-smoking floor, someone definately smoked in it. There were cigarette burns on the bedsheet, and the place reeked worse. The belhop moved our stuff, but when my (now) fiance got there she almost threw up it was so bad. I called downstairs to complain again, and was told again there were no rooms - the room we just moved to they moved the guy to our original room on 26. I continued to complain about it, threatened to sue, requested a refund so we could go elsewhere...etc... Finally she mentions that the soonest they could do anything would be in the morning, and to give up our room early, then they'd have something later...so we opened the window, turned up the heater, and went out for the night.When we got back it was a little better, but still way too obvious. I even considered having them hold my luggage downstairs so the smoke wouldn't permeate the clothes. Nevertheless, we slept, and in the morning packed back up, gave up our room, were told they'd upgrade us, so we left for the morning and trusted God.Around noon we got back to change for the opera, and were told we had been moved to the 33rd floor. This was good news for me, because I know the higher floors had been renovated...and sure enough, we had a corner room, with flat screen TV, single king bed, and a dresser. Plenty of room, awesome view towards downtown - could even see the Brooklyn Bridge.The location is excellent - a block to the first subway entrance, 2 blocks to Grand Central.All in all I was satisfaied, but not enough to go back. I'll pay extra for a decent room anyday.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel  Just returned from a 4 night stay in this hotel  was very pleased with it! The rooms were spacious, clean  nice there was nothing you could fault in them. Lifts were a bit slow at times but as we were on the 6th floor it wasnt a problem for us at all. The location was excellent only a stones throw from Grand Central station with access to everywhere  only a short walk from Times Square. A great Deli next door for breakfast, snacks  great coffee. Def will stay there again when go back to New York  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tilleydog
<Content>hotel spot on Excellent hotel could not fault it.Reception service no que,rooms good size, two beds 22nd floor lifts not a problem, bar prices are what you would expect to pay in a new york hotel, breakfast next door in the pax food cafe, good italian across the road,excellent location would stay in here again  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>preston49
<Content>Super Location and excellent value for money I had a room on the 31st floor and has superb views of the Empire State Building.Rooms are big and we could not fault it. This htel is value for money. Two sets of our friends were on the 12th floor and I saw their rooms which were also good. Maybe we were just lucky, but I have to say that this hotel is great.I didn't have to wait long for the lifts.Location location location - can't fault it. If you stay here, have breakfast in the cafe next door to the hotel (cant remember name)or I definately recommend Grand Central Station food court with a great choice.Would go back again........Happy guests from the UK  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location! Have just returned from New York 2 days ago and spent 5 nights at the Helmsley along with my parents. This was my second time in New York as I loved it so much the first time round. The hotel is conveniently located by most of the amenities New York City has to offer. Most of the famous landmarks like Grand Central Station, Times Square, Empire State Building, Macys etc, are all in walking distance. We also emailed the hotel and asked for a higher floor, but did not get that as you have to pay extra. In any case, you really dont need to pay for a better room as the rooms are fine anyway. We were on the 10th floor, the room was very comfortable and spacious. I've never slept on a more comfy mattress as the ones they have on the beds, so nice to not wake up with a bad back like I do every morning at home! The only grumble we had was that the rooms do not have any tea or coffee making facilities, no kettles, nothing. The hotel has complimentary tea and coffee every morning in the reception, but when we wanted a hot drink at night we had to go next door to the Pax deli. The staff were all very nice, particularly the english doorman, don't know his name but he was from Hertfordshire and was really friendly and always had a smile on his face. The Pax deli next door to the hotel is great for a breakfast, I can't say that the staff were not nice like somebody else mentioned on here, because they were all ok with us. A tip NOT to go to is the Comfort Diner which is 3 blocks down on 45th Street, we went there for a breakfast on our 2nd morning, and the food was cold and overcooked, obviously heated up, and not nice at all. On the whole, the Helmsley is a wonderful Hotel in a wonderful place. I'd definitely stay there again in the future, hope to go back one day!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great stay :-) 9 of us stayed at the hotel for 4 nights the last week of February. Requested rooms on high floors but the same as everyone we were told we had to pay. Two of us opted for the upgrade which i do believe was worth it. I had a view of the Chrysler Building to my left and my brothers room overlooked the Empire State Building. Generally the staff were ok. The concierge was extremely helpful, although we did find the bell boys/doormen a little abrasive. A shame we had to pay to get an upgrade especialy as my sister and i were celebrating our birthday :-(Would definately stay there again and have just recommended it to a friend who is going to New York in the autum.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK but nothing special... Just got back after spending 5 nights at this hotel. Asked 10 months ago for a renovated room on a higher floor - got a room on the 10th. I think it was refurbished but couldn't be sure. At the back of the hotel but I had a decent view of the Empire State Building. Room was ok size wise with two Queen sized beds. Got static electric shocks off everything - must be a load of nylon in the carpet (which looked clean and newish) or something. Room service prices are extortionate but I guess thats to be expected. Good location - only 5 minutes from Grand central Station. Reception staff were polite and helpful with no delay in checking in or out. No delays in getting a lift either as reported elsewhere. Bellhops were ok so long as you tipped them but the doorman (who was english like me) was downright rude - may as well get himself a begging bowl. Overall, I'd recommend the hotel but only if you get a good deal on the room rates.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>banerigg
<Content>Great Location My daughter and I have just stayed at the New York Helmsley for five nights. The room was beautiful - on the 31st floor with amazing views overlooking the Chrysler Building. The staff were friendly and helpful at all times - particularly when they knew this trip was to celebrate my daughter's 18th birthday! The location is perfect - so close to Grand Central Station - and the subway - by far the easiest way of getting around - (check the price of a weekly metrocard - we found this to be cheaper than buying daily tickets for 5 days!!) The hotel recommended a helicopter flight over the city - this was the highlight of our holiday - we flew with Liberty Helicopters - please don't miss this magical experience - it might seem expensive but well worth it!!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel February 22, 2006My teenage daughter and i were pleasantly surprised as we spent our first overnight in the city. After searchng online and reading tripadvisor reviews we chose the new york hemsley on 42nd street. The hotel was conveniently located to Grand Central(approx.a 2 block walk). Since we arrived at noon we were prepared to have to store our luggage until the 4 p.m. check-in time. To our surprise we were given the room key and were able to go to our room at noon! The bellhop was extremely pleasant and helpful. The room was spacious with two full beds, two chairs, a small table and a large desk/dresser. Although the hotel is older it was very well kept and extremely clean. All of the employees that we encountered were especially courteous and helpful.I would highly recommend this hotel and would definitely return there for our next trip to New York.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel just got back from 4 night stay. Did request high floor room and was told the same as everyone else 50 dollar charge didnt pay it. Room on the 7th floor recently been renovated and done to a very high standard, best bed we have ever slept on, spacious room and very very clean. Staff all well mannered and pleasant. Didnt eat in Mindys but had a couple of drinks in Harry's bit pricey but lovely atomsphere and very relaxing. Everyone recommends Pax deli next door, we found the food to be as cold as the staff (very ignorant) our advise walk past pax and a little further down the road is cafe metro better choice of breakfast and pleasant staff. Best steak dinner we tasted was a PJ MORAN's a 5 dollar taxi ride from hotel.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>brioscai
<Content>great location and fine hotel we stayed at this hotel for 4 nights and are only just back. We thought the hotel was fine. The location is just amazing and I really don't think you could find better location for the price. We were unfortunate not to have been able to get a room in one of the higher floors (we were on floor 11), but our room was clean and quite nice. We did only spend about 150euro per night so we were pleasantly surprised. We made the mistake of asking for a smoking room (and smoking rooms are generally the worst rooms in any hotel) but it was freezing outside and we really did not want to be frozen everytime we had to have a cigarette. Staff were generally very nice, we did not eat at the hotel and the bar is very small. But the area around the hotel is so laden with places to eat and drink. I would definately recommend staying at this hotel if you have a mid-range budget. We will stay again but next time, we will be non-smokers and possibly pay extra for a room higher up.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>shedon
<Content>Disappointed with the Helmsley. We have just arrived back having stayed in the New York Helmsley for four nights. On arrival we had no problem with an early check in, but we were told our room was on the 10th floor. We told the receptionist that we had rang 3 days earlier and requested a room on the 39th floor, which we wereto by in house reservations was done. The receptionist then told us she had a room available on the 39th floor but we had to pay an extra 50 US dollars per night.(We paid the extra, its not worth it) The receptionist could do with going to finishing school, she had no idea how to treat a customer and was quite rude. As for the Harrys bar, it looks great on the web, its very small and the staff there have two speeds, slow and slower. The hotel is in a great location, we walked everywhere, Central Park, 5th Avenue shopping, time square and broadway. Great Italian restaurant across the street and a lovely Deli next door for breakfast (which had quick and FRIENDLY staff).If you are not spending time in the hotel (just sleeping) go there. Location, Location, Location.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Meathman
<Content>Valentines @ the Helmsley I brought my now fiance to NYC last year (actually this day last year!!!) and we stayed at the Helmsley. I was cautious as a 4 star hotel bang smack in the middle of the city for $120 a night seemed too good to be true but man was I suprised!!!The receptionist who greeted us was just lovely - lamenting the fact that we were staying only 4 nights therefore leaving on Valentine's Day but the biggest supprise was the room. We were about 30 or 40 stories up facing onto 42nd st. The Chrysler building opposite made it seem like a film scene - it was perfect.The room was huge and the bathroom well stocked with towels and gowms. Definately the best hotel room I ever stayed in (and I've been in 5 star hotels on business). It got a bit noisy - but for me this was part of being in New York - quiet would have been false.The only gripe I had was the concierge whom I found not very friendly (in fact quiet rude) but that didn't bother me as all other staff were so good.The bar was fine as hotel bars go. Didn't eat in the restaraunt.When I finally popped the question on the Saturday night the bar and room service had closed however the night staff went out of their way to find me a bottle of champagne amd for this I will be eternally grateful. Most definately going back there again the next time I'm in the big apple. Hope they don't hold it against me that I took home the 2 champagne glasses from that night as a keepsake :-)  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The New York Helmsley is Definitely the hizzle for shizzle! I stayed at the Helmsley for a long weekend and it was a fantastic experience.I made my booking via Expedia UK and got a good deal on the room. I made a request for a King-size bed in my application and I was given a mini suite on the 40th floor, (the hotel has 41 floors!) where I could see the Chrysler Building to perfection. I swear I could have reached out and touched it!The staff were magnificent: friendly, helpful and courteous. I went back to my room early one day and the cleaner was still there. I asked if it was OK to go into the room and she said yes, but asked for my card-key which she checked in the door. I was so impressed with the level of care and security which operated in the hotel, which has filtered down to all the staff in the employment.The room was beautiful. Ensuite bathroom, flat-screen TV with free internet access and the most incredible bed I've slept on for the longest while. Firm and supportive, yet soft.I had room service and had a couple of beautiful meals. The meals were a little pricey, but no more so than if you went to a resturant, so I was happy to pay the asking price.The hotel is conveniently located 2 blocks from Grand Central Station and within easy walking distance of Times Square.All in all I had a fantastic trip that was in no small part due to the Helmsley.I'll definitely be going back... For shizzle!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gingerca
<Content>Leona would roll Just came back from 2 nasty nights at the Helmsley. Waited 15 minutes to get an elevator to the room. It was a non-smoking room and it smelled from smoke. The sheets had big holes in them. The shower was almost a bath- water would not drain and it was up to my knees. The room is tired and dirty. Going down another 15 minute wait for the elevator!!! The best feature--the apples at the front desk-crisp and fresh, but you can't relax in an apple in the big apple!!! The rates were good but pay a little more to stay in a better place.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Papa Shep
<Content>Aussie Aussie Aussie Oi, Oi , Oi - Great location My wife, our 12 year old son and I checked in at the New York Helmsley on 17 January 2006 and checked out on 23 January 2006. 6 nights in total in New York for our holiday.We had booked through an internet site and didn't know what to expect. I emailed the hotel a few weeks before our visit to confirm that they had received our reservation. It did take the hotel 3 emails before they responded with a reservation number but it was still a week before our arrival. I did request a non smoking room on a high level and was advised they would do there best.We flew United airlines from Australia and our flight was expected to arrive at Newark at 8.00 p.m. on 17 January. All the United planes we flew on had mechanical problems resulting in us arriving in San Francisco 4 hours behind our connecting flight. United wanted to reschedule our flight to 10.30p.m San Francisco time meaning we would not arrive in New York until at least 7.00a.m. the next day. We kicked up and were seated on an earlier flight arriving at JFK just after midnight. We then arrived at our hotel around 1.30 a.m. in the morning and were greeted pleasantly by the front desk staff. We were told our room was on the 9th floor as they were booked out however we could pay US$50 per night for an upgrade. We declined. The gentleman who took our bags to our room was very friendly and we enjoyed our room. It was not an overly large room but was more than adequate for our needs. The bathroom was a very good size. The bed and the pillows were a bit soft for our liking and coming from the other side of the world our body clocks were all over the place. We had difficulty sleeping because of our excitement being in New York!We could hear the garbage collection going on during the night but it wasn't load and we got used to it.Our window was facing the office building next door so we didn't have a good view of the city as we had hoped.I was disappointed that our room did not have a fridge or a safe.The front desk has safety boxes for valuables that we used and this was pretty easy to use.When we left the hotel the next day we could see how close we were to everything!Grand Central 5 minute walk.United Nations 10 minute walkCentral Park 30 minute walkEmpire State Building 15 minute walkTimes Square 15 minute walkDowntown 5 minute walk 10 minute subway trainQuality affordable restaurants breakfast and dinner5 minutesEverything is close by and New York is a safe comfortable city to walk around.We did have breakfast in the restaurant one morning. The food was nice but the waiters were a bit stuck up and not all that friendly.The hotel security people were very discrete and friendly in their manner as was most staff at the hotel.There were a lot of airline staff and diplomats staying there.One difficulty staying on the 9th floor occurred every morning if you wanted to use the elevators. As people from higher floors were checking out the elevators rarely stopped on the lower floors for pick ups. We ended up walking down the stairs on one occasion. The stairs led us to the executive鈥檚 office and there was no clear signage to make it back to the lobby. We had a bit of fun with this as staff saw us walking around the executive office area and asked if they could help us. We told them thank you as the CEO has approved all their pay rise requests.Overall we paid AU$210 Australian dollars (about US$170) a night for the 3 of us to stay at the New York Helmsley.We felt we received value for our money as the hotel was clean and safe. The house keeping was very good replacing towels and toiletries each day.The room did get warm but when I opened a window it was very pleasant.The New York temperature for our stay was unusually mild (low-mid 50's) making it ideal for walking around this great city and returning to a comfortable clean room.As we had stayed at the Stanford Hotel on 32nd street last year, I would say that both hotels are equal except that the staff at the Helmsley is friendlier.We would recommend this hotel for people on holidays to stay because of its location and value for money high standards.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Galwaytripper
<Content>Fantastic!! We stayed at this hotel 25-29 January 2006 and it was fantastic. I had emailed ahead asking for a room on a higher floor for which I was delighted to be told had been allocated when we arrived. The receptionist was very friendly and wished both my son and I a Happy birthday. We had a room on the 34th floor which had fabulous views.Like other reviewers, we did not eat in the hotel which had extremly pricy food, however it was not really that much more expensive than other restaurants.The room was cleaned daily to a high standard and all the bathroom towels and soaps etc were replaced on a daily basis.I would definatly recommend this hotel and if ever in New York again will definatly stay here.One tip - if eating at McFaddens Irish Pub/Restaurant (2nd Ave) watch the service charge - their menu states 20% for parties of 5 or more, but this was added on to my bill of 2 adults and 1 child!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>boznich80
<Content>Great Value Hotel!       Room view 1 - 42nd Street  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room was a Broiler Not all that bad, but old. Room was so hot it was alwmost unbearable and could not get anyone to fix. Heating/cooling system obviously old. Could probably use a good renovation. Hotel has a lot of character however.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beat My Expectations I am used to tiny hotel rooms in NYC that cost $400/night and involve sleeping with your feet dangling off of the bed, jammed against the dresser, and waking up and rolling into the wall due to lack of room. The New York Helmsley definitely exceeded my expectations. Our 37th floor room had a spectacular view of the city, a plasma TV, two FULL sized beds, a large bathroom, and all of the trimmings that you expect at a midrange hotel OUTSIDE of NYC, but learn to live without at a sub $200 night spot in Manhattan.The one complaint was the check in time. The line was out the door, and they had one, slow as molasses, clerk checking people in. We had to reschedule our dinner due to the AWFUL wait. They had other clerks that seemed to be standing around and not helping to aleviate the long line, which made things even worse.Overall, a great value and I will stay there again. When you find a hotel with large clean rooms, that is centrally located in midtown, for under $150/night, you stick with it.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelingagain
<Content>Good experience My husband and I stayed at the NY Helmsley for 4 nights beginning December 14. It is in a good location, right down the street from Grand Central Station. We usually stay in or very near the Theater District but we didn't want to pay $400 a night, the going rate for mid-December. We feel like we got a bargain because we paid $279 (booked through quikbook) for a very large, renovated room with a king bed on the 38th Floor. I specifically asked to stay in a newly renovated room as suggested by other reviewers. Our frends got stuck on the 7th floor their first night and said the room was awful but then moved to our floor after that. The bed was very comfortable and the furnishings were very nice as was the decor. The towels were thick and big. Our only complaint was the shower. The pressure was very low and it was very difficult to regulate the water temperature. We did not eat at the hotel ($13 for a continental breakfast) but found the place next door to be great for breakfast with everything you could want at inexpensive prices.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smf
<Content>Really nice hotel Ok so ive read other reviews of this hotel, maybe i got a great room or maybe i dont expect the plaza when i arrive....we arrived on a saturday afternoon and were told by reception we had been upgraded to a deluxe room. We were on the 39th Floor (which seems to have been renovated) two decent sized double beds, plasma tv on wall and the most fabulous view of the Chrysler building. Room was decent size (considering there were 3 of us) with good storage space and a nice bathroom. There was an ice machine right outside the door. Only complaint would be the heat, it seems we fiddled with the temp control thing on the wall on our first night and jesus did we pay for it all week. Only realised on the last night, but other than that no probs at all. Greeat location one block from Grand Central Station, nice enough deli (Pax) next door, concierge were more than helpful (especially the man). Harrys bar was fairly small, ate there twice again nice enough. Would have no problem staying there again, but after reading previous posts ill request a room on the 38/39th floor again. Really christmasy too!!!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Helmsley Would recommend the New York Helmsley.We stayed in a quad room on one of the lower floors and, despite what I have read elsewhere, the room was spacious, clean and comfortable.Staff were courteous and helpful.Location on 42nd Street is good.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>confetti2
<Content>Great hotel, Great Location We were a group of seven( including a toddler) who stayed in the helmsley for 5 nights. Location was brilliant, close to all the major tourist attractions, although set in a quieter area. We had three rooms, on the 32nd and 35th floor, even had a view of the empire state building from one. All the rooms were very comfortable and clean, and a good size. A fridge was very handy when you have children with you. The maid service was excellent, clean towels daily, and plenty of, it was just a shame that there were no tea making facilities in the room, however there were free coffee and tea in the lobby every morning. All the staff were friendly especially sam (bar man). Overall a great place to stay,and would definately stay there again! P.S Pax next door was good for breakfast.as was Bullys round the corner 43rd st 3rd ave (i think) opposite fitzpatrick hotel!!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel! My boyfriend and I stayed here for 6 days and were extremely pleased. The room was clean with a king bed. Bathroom was also very clean with a large vanity - great for girls! Cleaning staff was good also. Replenished towels and sheets daily, even asked what the best time for us was. Night time security also great - must show keys before entering. Location is great!!! 2 min walk to Grand Central. 10-15 min walk to Times Sqaure, Broadway, 5th, everything! Better than staying in dirty Times Square but still close enough to walk everywhere. Location is the best thing! But the hotel is also great by itself!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kellbo
<Content>Good Stay At The Helmsley I stayed at the Helmsley during my first trip to New York so my review is independent from comparison to other hotels in the area. On the whole I was pleased with my stay.The Hotel has an extremely good location, situated in Midtown New York on East 42nd Street. It is away from the hustle and bustle of the busiest areas, yet still within easy walking distance to the Chrysler Building, Grand Central Station and Times Square. There is a subway station close by.Check in was efficient and trouble free and all staff around the lobby appeared to be cheerful and ready to help. The bell boy took our luggage right into our room and was very open to answering questions. The room itself was of sufficient size, with two double beds, two comfy chairs and a desk. The room and bathroom are fairly out dated and things are fairly worn around the edges, worn parts in the curtains, electric sockets lose from the walls etc. However, it was kept sufficiently clean by the maids which made up for this. I also believe that some of the Hotel has been refurbished and we happened to be in the older part. There were no tea/coffee facilities within the room. The hotel has two restaurants and room service facilities. Room service prices are pretty much as you鈥檇 expect-slightly higher than the average cost of a meal. The food however was of good quality and arrived promptly, within about 30 minutes. The New York Times was delivered each morning to our room. We were on the seventh floor and so there was noise from the traffic but this is to be expected in the city that never sleeps and wasn鈥檛 much of a problem for me. Security was fairly tight which was a bonus, on several occasions room keys had to be presented before being allowed to progress into the lifts. The hotel is about average value for money considering it鈥檚 within a city and has good location. All in all I was happy with the hotel, the staff were pleasant and efficient, location fantastic and the room was sufficient for somewhere to sleep after a hard days sightseeing!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Recommended if you pay $200 or so a night Overall, this was a great stay. The beds and pillows were extremely comfortable. Our room was extremely clean everyday and the rooms were very large for a NYC hotel. We would stay there again.I recommend that you stay on the 38th floor. Our bedspreads and everything else was in great condition. Nothing was worn down like other people mentioned. We had a great view of the Chrysler building. I recommend that you book the hotel from www.crshotels.com. CRS hotels had the room for the same price as expedia but there were no additional fees and you don't pay until you leave. We paid $300 for a Saturday and $200 per night for a Sunday and Monday. I would not stay there for $300 a night for all three nights but our deal was a great one and we'd go there again. Location is excellent!I'd bring a fan or buy one though. We were kind of hot and had to keep the windows open at night. Even though the windows were open it was still very quiet since we were so high up. Overall, a great experience and a trip of a lifetime!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay I was disappointed to read the review from the person who was at the hotel the same day I was. We had the NY times delivered every morning. The ice machine was next door to our room and of course was free. We were there on a business trip and the company picked our hotel. I usually pick a hotel that has an inroom coffee maker - this one did not - and the only inconvenience was going street level to pick up coffee in the morning for us. Room service prices were outrageous. But it was clean, well appointed, very comfortable and had a great location. Walked to the Radio City Music hall and caught the Christmas Spectactular (someone in front of me had an extra ticket and I got in free!) and loved taking in the Grand Central Station right down the street. I can't tell you the cost per satisfaction ratio since the company picked up the tab, but it was a very pleasant experience. When I read reviews like the one before me, I wonder what the expectation of the traveler was and if they are truly ever happy. Enjoy your stay!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again!!! I stayed here from 11/28/05-11/30/05. I had a room on the 29th floor. The room was extremely outdated. Both the bedspread and the sheets were raggedy and looked dirty. The wallpaper was peeling and the heating system was noisy and never heated the room to the desired temperature. I was attending a training seminar within the hotel. This room was among the block of rooms reserved at a discount rate for conference attendees. Maybe that had something to do with it. I don鈥檛 know. Needless to say, this hotel did not meet my expectations and I would NEVER stay here again. On a positive note, good location, the bellmen provided excellent service, and the comman areas met expectations (e.g. lobby, conference rooms, etc.).  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away from this hotel!!! Never stay at this hotel- Unclean- small. The staff is very rude and not helpful at all and always have their hand out.I travel alot and know what to expect and this is just a BAD way to treat your clientsAll the staff was more concerened about talking with their fellow workers than helping the patrons. This was everyone from the desk clerk Bell Hops DoormanNo Coffee for you in the morning, No Paper and if you want Ice in your room you will need to pay for this!! Needed to flag our own taxi out front- And for this you pay 500.00 a night- very bad stay- Stay somewhere in time square whre they are nice and everything is right there. the best place we have found is the CourtYard Marriot- Great place. Should have stayed the whole 5 days in New York there but I thought we can go to central park for 2 days- what a big MISTAKEThe Helmsley is the worst hotel I have ever stayed at  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Blakes
<Content>Wonderful location       our room  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>okay but problems i stayed at the hotel Nov 18th. I checked in early the person working at the front was nice so she actually like me do that. But the room was a different story. It was freezing in the room aroung 20 deg in the rooom. I called the front desk and told them about the problem but no one came to fix it.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>tensing
<Content>lovely hotel Have just returned from a 3 night stay at this hotel with three other girls and we were really impressed with everything about it.Its location was excellent being within walking distance of many attractions and the staff were all very friendly, polite and helpful. Our room on the 12th floor was clean, and comfortable with plenty of storage space and we were not disturbed by traffic noise (although we were not at the front of the building}. In reception we were able to change our dollar travellers cheques at no charge and we also had a safe deposit box again at no charge - both of these facilities were available to us 24hrs per day. On our last day we were able to leave our cases with a bell boy and collect them just before we left for the airport. We ate breakfast in the PAX diner right next door to the hotel which was very convenient, reasonably priced and of good quality. After a long tiring day we had a bar meal at the hotel and although not cheap the food was good. Spirit  mixers were about $8.50 but much larger than the measures in uk. Only critism would be that it would have been nice to have tea/coffee making facilities in room - free coffee/tea available in reception lobby but not available all day so we brought in from PAX next door if it was still open.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>T_Carter067
<Content>Fantastic Location  This was our honeymoon and we took along our two 11 year old kids. I was hoping for a honeymoon upgrade when we checked in but we seemed to have got the only miserable person who worked in the hotel and was placed on the 28th floor. Room small but clean, not much of a view. The bellboy Anthony however was fantastic. He arranged for complimentary wine for us and apple juice for the kids to be sent to our room minutes after checking in. The next day he gave us a no. of tips for our sightseeing. Dee on reception arranged for complimentary milk and cookies for the children to be sent to the room when we returned from our first day out. After two nights my husband requested a room change to the 35th floor, which we later found out was complimentary too thanks to Anthony.**Wow.....what a view....The Chrysler Building!!! Makes a big difference. All staff very friendly and good with the kids. Be prepared too wait for the lifts too!! Breakfast at hotel is a little dearer than the diner but well worth it for the selection and service. Location is great, short walk from Grand Central, Times Square etc. Recommend a visit to the ESPN Zone for a meal, good for US Sports fans and foodies alike. Comfort Diner also good for breakfast, be warned portions are BIG!!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ok Hotel great location This hotel is ok but would say its more 3*plus than 4* when we checked in we were not asked if we wanted smoking or non smoking king or queen beds so when we got to the room it had a really bad smoke smell and was two queen beds my husband rang reception to see if we could change and she said wait 5 mins and she will call back, she never did so he had to go down and we got moved to a non smoking room but still queen beds, room was good size compared to some new york hotels and was cleaned well every day. The bar area was nice and staff were plesent. It has a great location couldn't ask for more central to everything. One thing that amused us was were were sat in the bar one night and we think a guest brought a prostitute back as she appeared the following night with different man and the security were quite happy to let her go up!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved it We've just returned from a fantastic week in New York. The hotel was a big part of the success of our trip due to it's great location, great accommodation and the frendliness of the staff. Couldn't have been any better and was brilliant value for the price. We were a party ranging in age from 75 to 17 and we'd all love to return there.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CharlieFrance
<Content>Big hotel in a great mid-town location We stayed at the New York Helmsley Hotel for one week in September 2005. The hotel had been recommended to us by a native New Yorker, so we reserved it from home on Expedia.Overall we were happy with our stay. The room was clean, spacious and had a big bathroom. The double bed was hard. There was a flat screen TV with Internet access. The real advantage of this hotel is it's location. It's a short walk to Grand Central Station. The neighbourhood is safe because the United Nations is only a couple of blocks away.Some of the lower floors of the hotel need to be refurbished ASAP. And the hotel parking lot is ridiculously expensive!!!This is a hotel with a lot of rooms and a high turnover of guests (airline crews stay here). If you want a more personal service you should stay in a smaller, boutique hotel.We found a traditional American Diner only 2 blocks way which serves a full American breakfast. It is called The Comfort Diner and it is located on 214 E 45TH St. Good value too.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>wabbit1
<Content>Great View, Good Location       Hotel from 3rd Ave  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel  I stayed in this hotel last November with my sisters for a girlie shopping trip and I am returning again this November. Brillant hotel the location was excellent. the rooms were lovely and the tv on the wall was the best bit.The staff were really friendly. Couldn't fault this hotel at all  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't fault the place. Excellent Hotel! We stayed in the Helmsley on 2nd Sept for 6 nights and having been to New York on 3 previous occasions, I can honestly say this is the best hotel I have stayed in there. All staff at the hotel were friendly and very helpful, room on 38th floor was cosy but very comfortable and most importantly, very clean. Location is excellent, about a 3 minute walk to Grand Central Station and within comfortable walking distance of all major midtown attractions. If your looking for a midtown location, great value for money and a nice place to stay try the New York Helmsley.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rude bellboys!!! We visited the New York Helmsley in June for 3 nights with our 2 children. We found the location of the hotel excellent as it was fairly central, within walking distance to most of the main attractions.However the hotel itself was rather disappointing with a need for a major makeover. I would imagine the floral wallpaper and furniture was new when the hotel was built!!The bellboys were extremely rude. On one occasion we heard one of them telling them a guest that had tipped him, $1 wasn't worth much, is that all! After that we were determined not to tip any of them which became almost embarrassing and took guts as they were very intimidating.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>frappucina
<Content>Overall Great Hotel!       Room with 2 double beds.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>iciejan
<Content>Great hotel with class! I'd read so many things about small, dirty rooms in NYC that I couldn't believe my luck when I walked into my room and found it to be huge with large windows overlooking the Chrysler building. I often book hotels using Priceline but had decided not to on this occasion because I needed 2 double beds. Rang the hotel beforehand and when we arrived at the hotel there was no problem - even got moved to a higher floor without any trouble! Coffee available in the foyer in the morning and loads of places to get a quick, cheap breakfast a 5 minute walk away.Although the hotel is not in the main tourist drag near Times Square this didn't bother us as I think we saw more by just walking to and from there. Grand Central Station is very close by as well as the UN buildings.Couldn't quite believe the number of Duane Reade's in the area - dozens of them!Loved the hotel and would go back there as the staff were pleasant, room was large and clean and the view out the window was superb- New York at its best!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleasant stay and more than adequate First......to address earlier reviews, IF the ice machine is not on your floor, there is a clear sign in the hall directing you to the appropriate location....The staff did not at all appear ignorant to us - we found the front desk staff very pleasant and helpful, and the bell staff were more than adequate. As far as the tipping issue...YOU'RE IN NEW YORK!!! EVERY service person in NYC is working for the tip...get over it and move on! Now, my wife and i just returned from our 4th trip to NYC. Stayed 4 nights at the helmsley. Location is very good - can get to anywhere close on foot, and Grand Central Terminal is just 3 blocks away. I was very surprised by the room - much bigger than i expected for a Manhattan hottel room. Nicely appointed - though not space age chic. Found the bed to be very comfortable -- and quite frankly i have nothing against a t.v. on a stand as opposed to an armoire (BIG freakin deal!). We were on the 9th floor, on the back, facing 41st street. Noise level was very low and had no problem sleeping- the a.c. more than covered any outside sound, and it worked very well (much to my wife's chagrin). Overall this hotel is a VERY good deal for the money in NYC. We would definitely stay there again. It always amazes me how persnickity many travelers have to be about accomodations - typical pampered, arrogant, American attitude when it comes to traveling. I'm in NYC to relish in the city and the culture, not my hotel room:)  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Good for the Price I stayed at this hotel in the begining of May of this year. I was by myself and it was in a great location to catch quick dinners, quick cabs, and just a hop, skip and a jump from grandcenteral. It was not quite in the hubbub of Time Sqaure so it was a bit more laid back, but everything was easily accessible. The room was nice. I had a great view of the Chrysler Building. Definitely ask for a room on a high floor. The street noise was still a bit loud and I was on the 41st floor, I guess that is to be expected being in New York. The staff was friendly. Aside from the street noise the only other issue was the TV, it was a a strange system that didn't always work. Normally I wouldn't have cared, but being by myself I counted on it for company now and again. All in all I would stay again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Great Room, Wonderful view, Ignorant staff.       Room  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Stay My Boyfriend and I stayed at the New York Helmsley for 5 nights in November 2004. After searching the internet for a reasonably cheap holiday to New York, we came across this hotel. As this was to be our first time in New York we requested a king size bedroom with a good view. When we arrived, we were really happy with the appearance of the front of the hotel, with the bell boys outside opening the doors for us, made us feel important. Check in was very fast and efficient, considering there was about 20 virgin reps checking in at the same time. The receptionist was very pleasant and informed us she had upgraded us to an executive room at no extra charge. We were on the 41st floor (very top floor). On walking into the room, it was huge (for a hotel room). The bathroom was lovely decorated, as was the whole room. Our bed was huge, we had a flatscreen huge tv mounted onto the wall. The best bit was to come, we opened the curtains and the view of the Empire State Building was just amazing. The cleaners changed our towels everyday, and tidied our room when we had made a little mess. The bell boys were very informative. There was however two things we wasn鈥檛 so happy about. Although we took part in the New York 鈥渢ipping system鈥?I did come across one rude bell boy. He carried our luggage on the last day to a store cupboard 2 feet away and would not give our tickets to us unless we tipped him and just stood there holding his hand out.Another thing to be aware off is the phone in the room. We did not intend on using the hotel phone. but our mobile phones would not work in New York, and the pay card we had purchased would not work either, we resorted to using the hotel phone to inform people back home we were there safe and well. You know what its like when your away you can never remember the international codes, then the code for dialling out of the USA. So after about 4 blank attempts at trying to phone home we eventually got through. What we wasn鈥檛 aware of for all the times we had dialled the wrong numbers we got charged for even though we never even spoke to anyone on the other end of the line. We spoke to the receptionist and informed her we would not be paying the $225 dollars they billed us for as we had not spoke to anyone. We only ended up paying for the 3 minute call we made, which we was much more satisfied with.I would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone of all ages. We are in our early 20鈥檚 but anyone with standard and a bit of class like us would love and appreciate this hotel. Will hopefully be returning in the future. I shall add photos of Empire State building view from the window and pics of the hotel in the near future.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't ask for a fan. It was probably nice the last time it was redecorated, which appeared to have been about 30 years ago. The room was unremarkable, very motel-like, perhaps because the TV was small and on a stand rather than in an armoire. Of the few outlets in the room, only the one into which the TV was plugged was actually accessible. The others required crawling on the floor or moving furniture, only to discover that the outlet might not actually work.The climate controls were rudimentary at best, and the AC seemed to run constantly no matter what the temperature setting. I asked for a fan, and housekeeping delivered a fan that had no knob. When I finally found a working outlet, and a pair of tweezers, I discovered that the knob was apparently missing because the fan did not work. I requested a second fan, and this one had a broken blade than sat at the bottom of the case and impeded the rotation of the other blades, which made the fan jump around like one of those cartoon alarm clocks. When I called Housekeeping a third time, they did not answer, so I took my fan to the lobby, where I was forced to circumnavigate the ridiculous late-night security features. These consisted of blocking the entrance to the elevators from the side of the lobby nearest the front desk, forcing people to walk all the way around the lobby for no apparent reason.However, the manager was able to convince Housekeeping to provide me with a non-damaged, functional fan.The beds were quite brick-like, and the pillows were uncomfortable for reasons that I cannot quite put my finger on.The tub had a tendency to back up during showering.Last but not least, there was an ice bucket, but there was no information regarding the location of the ice machine. I considered calling the front desk to ask, but I was tired after my adventure with the fan.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tiddles1
<Content>Great Hotel, Excellent Location We stayed at The Helmsley for 4 nights in April 2005. The hotel check in staff were very efficient and polite- we were in our room within 2 minutes of walking through the door!!. The room was clean and a good size for 3 people. The towels were indeed fluffy !!! Tiny complaint was the rattling pipes although also very funny - however if you turn the tap on fast no noise just splashes !! We were on the 7th floor and despite some reviews we heard no noise from the restaurant downstairs or from the traffic on 42nd street. The hotel is in an excellent location really close to the subway and Times Square etc. The deli next door was excellent value for money and the staff were very friendly.Upon check out we left our bags with the bell hop who was only too happy to help and when we returned to collect the luggage, it was brought to us speedily and cheerfully. We would definately use this hotel again, and if you are looking for good value, clean accomodation, and great location this is the place to stay.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>airportsnoozer
<Content>Not worth the money Stayed here for a week, great location.There is a chinese woman who works behind the reception who is as miserable as sin, she is very rude but that never fazed me a bit.The rooms are VERY tired, if fact they are upgrading rooms at the moment, I should know because for 5 days we heard work being carried out directly above us on the 33rd floor.We complained to management and were told it was a leek, some leek, we took a look and the whole floor is being refurbed.I complained in writing to the manager and we were given a comp breakfast and they reduced our bill for one night!!, after all their lying that was the best they could do.Watch the bar prices, they are steep, and watch the concierge, they are like hawks, I had to speak to one of them after he was rude to my wife, she got in to a taxi and didnt tip him enough so he slammed the door and nearly caught her foot.Use it if you have to or you can get a good deal but otherwise make sure you get a new room  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>rmllfamily
<Content>Nice Hotel Arrived at the Hotel and the staff was very courteous and helpful. Had a corner room that was spacious and quiet. Room was very clean. Decor could use an update. Located very close to Grand Central Station so riding the subway was a breeze. If not interested in riding the subway than you will have quite a walk to most attractions. Overall a above average Hotel.  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good time in Manhattan My wife and I have just returned from a week in the Helmsley Hotel in New York. We had a great time in the city and our experiences at the Helmsley contributed in no small way to our enjoyment of the Big Apple.The Hotel is centrally situated and is very close to Grand Central ; this was of special advantage to us as it is pretty easy to get to Grand Central from anywhere in the city.The staff in the Helmsley were helpful and courteous at all times ;when the elevators developed a problem on a busy Sunday morning,the staff facilitated guests through the use of the service lift,for instance. We were particularly impressed with the concierge service.We stayed in a Deluxe King bedroom and we both agree that the ambience of the room was excellent( We were at the top of the Hotel on floor 41 so traffic noises were within reason).If you haven't been in a big bed before, then this is the place to go! Room was cleaned every day,we got plenty of big and small towels and the New York Times arrived at our door every morning. The TV set was of high quality but we didn't get much time to sit and watch. The radio was good ( FM seems to focus on music and AM on talk shows in NY )One problem we had with the room was the lighting. It was difficult to read ; the table lamps proved good lighting for getting about generally but were not conducive to reading. It was difficult to read in bed....it is unfortunate that lights aren't provided over the bed to allow guests to read in comfort while resting in bed.We didn't take breakfast in the Hotel and we only had late night drinks on one occasion; the drinks were very expensive but the bar is very attractive. Although we didn't do it ,we were surprised to notice that guests are allowed to take food to their rooms.....for instance,I met a guest in the lift with a large pizza !! Coffee....very nice coffee..... was available in the foyer free of charge in the morning ; we are not sure if this is common practice in New York but it was a plus for us in this hotel.This hotel is a little expensive but ,on balance, it is worth it. We would stay here again .It is clean,has courteous staff and the bedrooms are attractive. We can certainly recommend it and give it an above average rating.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Location and Best View you could ever wish for!! My fiance and I would recommend this hotel to everyone!The location is superb!! You walk outside the hotel, turn left, walk 500 yards and you are standing next to the Chrysler building! Walk a bit further and you are outside Grand Central Station. Your 10 minutes away from the Library (seen in the The Day After Tomorrow film), 10 minute walk to Empire State Building and 15 minute walk to Central Park and Broadway.The hotel is clean and fresh, beds and rooms cleaned everyday. We stayed for four great nights and came back engaged. We can't wait to go back and definitely stay at the Helmsley!!!Book your trip now!! ;)  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>stevenBrussels
<Content>Outdated hotel It was my first staying in NY. I hope other hotels are better than the NY Helmsley. I choose the hotel because of the reputaion of the Helmsley at central Park which is a leading hotel of the world..... This hotel was expensive and outdated. The Breakfast is a ripp off. The room was old. The heating made noise and didn't work properly. the batroom had it's best time. Matresses were slept through. Location was great.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Snickerbar
<Content>Good hotel       front of the hotel (obviously!)  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic. Just returned after a five night stay at the New York Helmsley with my husband and five year old daughter. We arrived to find a great room with lots of space and a great bathroom with shower and big fluffy towels. The view from the window couldn't have been more spectacular for a new visitor to the city, the Chrysler building just a stone's throw away. the room was very clean and all sheets and towels changed daily, also a copy of the New York times left outside your door daily.Fab deli called Pax next door for great, cheap breakfast. Ate breakfast there every day before we set off on our adventures.Hotel location was amazing close to subway and many major attractions.Staff really great and friendly and always available, room service very efficient.I could go on for ages but all in all a fantastic place to stay in an amazing city. Will definitely be a Helmsley customer again. NY great for kids too.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lovedeveryminute
<Content>Loved every minute! Helmsley Hotel NY was a great place to stay! the rooms were cleaned everyday, they were big and the view from the rooms was amazing! staff are really friendly and efficient (we asked for the janitor to change the light bulb and i swear he was at our door before we put the phone down!) although we never had a room that had been recently renovated, our room had been renovated only two years ago and so you can imagine that it was in great condition.Went with my parents, my brother and sisters. even the 5year old loved it, it really was our home from home. it felt so great knowing that after a hard days shopping :) we were going to go back to a lovely warm room (we went in NY winter) oooooh cant wait to go back, definantly staying here again! the location and the view should pursuade anyone to stay here! around 7 minutes walk to times square and located a stones throw away from grand central station this hotel was great... its fab. go check out the website!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not ideal for business travelers Let me start out by saying that my perspective is that of a business traveler and the hotel does have some good points--it is good value for a NYC hotel in this hotel class (paid about $185 before taxes) and is well located (42nd and 3rd ave). This hotel must have been rather grand some years ago but, in my opinion, has fallen into some disrepair now. The staff does try to keep the rooms clean and that is a plus. However, I found the room rather shabby because it hasn't been kept up, the bedsheet was torn, the temperature control in tbe room was broken, had no hi-speed internet access, and the lighting in the hallway was dim and unappealing. I have stayed before at the Sheraton on Sixth Ave and for about $15 more, had a great room in a spotless hotel--unfortunately the hotel was sold out this time. Will never return to this hotel if I can help it.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GVTV
<Content>Good location, clean hotel and friendly staff Stayed at the hotel 3-5 April 2005.Very happy with the location - only 5 mins walk to Grand Central Station which has a shuttle service to Times Square about every 5 mins and just a few minutes ride. Clean hotel with friendly staff. Harry's bar is defintely a good place to eat. Quite a good bar menu and not anyway as expensive as Mindy's restaurant. Room was fine - beds comfortable, iron and ironing board provided. Bathroom larger than thought it would be with good toiletries and big fluffy towels!Quite a lot of noise in the rooms from the traffic below and we were on the 28th floor!Didn't eat in the restaurant - $18 for breakfast. There is a deli next door called PAX. Very clean cafe and very friendly staff. They do a standard breakfast of omelette, breakfast potatoes and toast or sausages or bacon, breakfast potatoes, eggs and toast for 拢3.75 - also a choice of breakfast sandwiches.They also have fruit bowls, choice of dried cereals, english muffins and yoghurt to choose from - all reasonably priced. They also do lunch menus sandwiches, wraps and soups and salads - again all good value for money. The only problem we had was checking out. We had to check out at 12:00 but were not getting picked up until 18:00 as our flight was 21:30 that night. We left our luggage with the doorman for storage. However, when we asked for our luggage to be retreived as our taxi had arrived it took them 15 mins to get back to us - not good when you have a taxi waiting outside.Anyway, all in all I would definitely stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent Hotel! Stayed at the New York Helmsley Hotel for 2 nights in March 2005 after reading good reviews on Tripadvisor. Booked through Expedia. It is certainly a decent hotel for New York and good value for money. Room was large and clean with a good size bathroom and plenty of fluffy towels and toiletries. A bit tired around the edges in places but nothing worth worrying about, there are far worse hotels in New York! It's in a good location for getting around, just a short walk from Grand Central and subway links. Plenty of places nearby to catch a bite to eat. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Member_France
<Content>Nice hotel, but... I stayed in the hotel for five nights and enjoyed my stay until I found out that the hotel charged $24 for international calls of a few seconds. Not being aware of this fact (and this was definitely not clearly indicated in the information available in the room), I had made a couple phonecalls of a few seconds (just to ask to return my call). Bad luck. So, if you decide to spend some nights there, stay away from the phone and don't trust in the information provided!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location Stayed at the hotel for 5 nights in March, including St Patricks Day. It is in a great location, just a 5min walk from Grand Central Station and not too far from the 5th Avenue. After a long day sight seeing and shopping! the bar area is a great place to chill with a few beers. Its comfy and the waitresses are freindly. We were on the 26th floor and rooms were clean and presentable. Although you could here constant traffic through the night - but I expect you would have this with most New York hotels. I'd definately stay here again!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Nick_C_London
<Content>Very Good Hotel, Great Value for Money March 15 to 22 2005. Party of 4, two rooms on 8th floor, booked through expedia @ UK拢90 per night (US$166.50) including all taxes.Summary: Very good quality, great value for money, would def stay there again and recommend it. Expedia rate it 3.5*, I'd give it 4.5*. Great deal through Expedia - could have paid slightly more for a high floor executive room on the hotel's own web site.Pros: Friendly and helpful staff, large clean rooms, lots of towels and good toiletries. Iron and ironing board. 3 phones, cheap local calls from room. Reasonable range of TV channels plus pay to view movies. Great location.Cons: Low floor (8th) on 42nd St - a little traffic noise during the rush hours but no great problem for us and quiet at night. Blinds don't open/close easily - need replacing, but curtains open/close easily giving complete black out at night. Carpet a little worn and could do with replacing, but these unrefurbished rooms are much better than I had expected from other reviews on this page. No in room safe in standard rooms. No international or foreign language TV channels - no world news channels - even CNN was domestic, typically American!Commentary: 4 guests with lots of luggage. Not offered help with luggage on arrival. Very friendly check in. Rooms a pleasant surprise, large clean and comfortable - old fashioned but cheerful decor in generally good condition. Plenty of storage and hanging space.Oblique view of Chrysler from room at front (42nd st) and a better view of the Empire State from friends' room at back (43rd st). Cocktail bar good value for money for us Brits as the 拢 is strong right now. Waitress had a dry sense of humour - loved her. 15% service added to bar bill automatically and highlighted - very honest and reasonable. Strawberry Daiquiri's very artificial and not very strong. Good bar snacks; free hors d'oeuvres during happy hour (5pm to 7pm).Tipped the bell captain a dollar a bag for looking after our 8 cases on checkout, and tipped another dollar a bag to a different guy when we retrieved them. Tipped the doorman $5 for loading them into the taxi. All seemed quite happy, and you expect to have to tip in these situations.Deli next door has excellent food, but self service and quite busy.Andrew's coffee shop on 43rd near the side of Grand Central very cheap, good American breakfast, friendly service. Pershing Square (under the road bridge over 42nd outside Grand Central) very good quality food (real maple syrup!) but poor luke warm coffee, slow service, and 3 times the price of Andrew's!Strongly recommend El Rio Grande just 4 blocks south on 3rd and 38th - Tex/mex with the best (and strongest!) margaritas in town.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>coladin
<Content>March 10-13, 2005 - Excellent location! Can't ask for much more. Rooms were very celan, lots of towels, amenities. The staff was very polite and the only beefs I had were out of their control, my wife wanted smoking which wasn't too bad, and because we booked through Expedia, we ended up with two double beds. For what we paid, $200 CAD, it was a steal and felt much more expensive.Beds were comfortable, excellent pillows. The location was perfect for us...close to Times Square, major shopping at 5th Avenue, Rockefeller Center, Empire State Building, UN, Grand Central, ...in fact it seemed we were close to everything important. Avoid the pricey items on the menu and have a really good breakfast, lunch next door. I completely recommend this hotel, it is a great value and was an excellent home base to see New York.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>claura
<Content>Would definatly stay here again Fantastic hotel, sepecially for the price I got it. Location couldn't be better. Time square anf fith avenue in easy walking distance. Grand cental is the local station. Loads of rail links. Chrysler building across the road. So to find hotel just look up.Height makes views from rooms which have large windows excellent. Area seems safe. Did witness the bell captain be rude to a guset. But tats cos she didn't tip him. Unnaceptable from him but the other BC was polite as you'd expect to us.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location Just returning from New York.The hotel is great. Nearby the Great Central Terminal.Stuff is friendly, rooms are clean and at least the size is above the NY standard  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TFSQ
<Content>Very good, one big problem! All in all a very good place to stay. Only one fly in the ointment, the staff who dealt with baggage. In line with an earlier reviewer we experienced the I won't be here when you come back, hand out for a tip approach. I challenged this a bit but the conversation was amicable enough and I tipped the porter $20 for placing 5 small pieces of luggage in a closet. Sure enough when we came back to collect them it was a different porter who was very rude when we refused to tip again for lifting the bags out of the closet. It's such a pity that this spoiled what was otherwise a great stay.My advice would be to tip the first guy, and refuse to tip the second. The alternative would be for the hotel to charge for storage per item, all in all a hotel of this standard needs to clean up its act on this, and get their staff to drop the attitude. Lastly, there was a very spooky coincidence. On checking our bags my wife and I found that our external combination locks on our baggage (that had worked fine that morning) were no longer working later that same day. Isn't that weird?  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic,great location, have just returned from a stay at the new york helmsley.cannot fault thelocation of this hotel.10mins walk from times square and several minsto grand central.cannot understand some comments regarding lack ofshopping.are they for real.within 15-20mins walk or a short taxi ride andcheap at that,fifth avenue shopping at its most pricey! macys andbloomingdales slightly further but worth the walk there but hail a taxiwhen you done,its easier on your arms! we walked everywhere andas new york is flat had no problems though taxis are very easyto hail from the hotel else grand central and the subway.we never tried the food as hotel prices tend to be expensive.diner next door was great value though several more around the hotel if you look behind!again great value ranging from $3.75-7.95 dollars.some clients suggest no internet access.yes there is the business center but upgrade your room for flat screen tv and internet and great views from 37th floor!hotel staff very pleasant and security great.nothing was too much trouble.overall a hotel with excellent facilities and fantastic location . would have no problems recommending this hotel to anyone. rooms large by NY standards and yes the towels are so fluffy!!!!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sendmehome
<Content>Good Hotel but not for business travellers Rooms were well decorated, spacious for NY standards, clean and had fluffly towels. The bathrooms were nicely done. The deli next door is wonderful with bacon,eggs,homefries and toast for $3.75. However the hotel has no interent access. You can use the business center at $7 for 15 minutes or local phone calls are $1.00 for 3 minutes at .15 for each additional minute. There are no desks in the rooms. If you need to talk in the lobby, seating is very limited. While hotel is two blocks from Grand Central, there are limited restaurants within walking distance (in cold weather anyway) and very little shopping. Be prepared to take cabs. The hotel has free coffee in the lobby in the morning, but again seating is very limited. Don't eat at Harry's Bar as the sandwiches are terrible and way over priced. However if you get a good rate, this is an upscale hotel.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>PERFECT, PLEASE STAY HERE This is a fantastic Hotel. I have stayed there 4 times now and they NEVER disappoint. Excellent rooms, with fluffy carpets, great showers, comfy beds and very polite staff. The food is great and the service from the Bell captain is spot on. If you visit New York, please stay here, just PERFECT  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! I just returned from a trip to New York. We had 3 rooms.....After reading some reviews ( maybe ill intended?) we were a liitle skeptical.....but our stayed was FANTASTIC! The rooms were super clean and ample, the staff super courteous. The location SUPER!, I would recommend this hotel to everyone of my friends and we.... will be back! Enjoy the Big Apple!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel! Stayed here during 2nd week of June 2004. Not a very ritzy hotel if you're looking for that but the rooms are clean and the staff was very accomodating. Above a Holiday Inn or Sheraton but not the Four Seasons or the Ritz. I was pleased with our room however the beds were hard. I would stay there again however if need be.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>newyorklover
<Content>Excellent hotel Me and my parter have just returned from our week trip in new york and we stayed in the new york helmsley. I do not agree with some of the bad reviews it has got as i thought everything was fantastic. The room was big and clean and we had a wonderful view of the Empire State Building which looks great at night. The staff at the hotel were very friendly and helpful and the restaurant and bar provided and excellent service. I would highly rate this hotel for the people that want to be in the middle of everything as it is just around the corner from 5th ave and times square which is just amazing!!!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Recommended - Very worn and Dirty - should be 2* Just back from New York and stayed in The Helmsley Hotel for 4 nights - 12 - 16 December.Our room was big but the carpet was filthy, all the furniture was very worn and the window would not close properly so there was a very cold breeze in the room all the time - this was December so it was very cold. I turned on the heater to warm the room but this was very poor and only blew out warm air which didn't heat the room. After spending the day walking in the freezing cold, it wasn't very comforting to know that you were coming back to a cold room. Also, this hotel is not very central as it is on 3rd Avenue which is a good 10 minute walk to 5th Avenue. Before we stayed in The Helmsley, we stayed Hotel 5A which was very central on 40th Street right on 5th Avenue. The room was small but very clean and I would strongly recommend this Hotel.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Stay!!! me and my friends stayed at Helmsley during the Thanksgiving break and it was great!! We paid 220/night. Our room looks exactly the same as the video shown at expedia. Our bathroom is also great--not only it is spacious and clean, the hotel also provides body wash, shampoo, body lotion, soap, and dental rinse. the only thing is the housekeeping person didnt do a good job making the bed because we only put 3 bucks for the tip for the first day. make sure you put more money for tip.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cheemulover
<Content>Good hotel Stayed here for couple days round the 20 November. Arrived about midnight for check in and got a room quickly thank god, and always had somebody chekcing keys before getting to the lifts which is good. The room I had was large and clean with big bathroom, plenty of towels, etc. i.e. the main things you want. I was really only sleeping in the room so some other things like coffee makers, etc or a view i didnt really miss.I had to laugh at the previous reviewer's comments about the bell captain though. I had to leave my bags at hotel between 12-5pm since i had a late flight and he also said he would not be there at 5pm and stuck his hand out! He wasnt there actually when i did return around 5, but I still thought he was a bit cheeky since you effectively tip twice for the same job, but its clearly the line to use on guests!! But i guess you should take it from the point of view that it is a few dollars not to have to worry about your bags which leaves you the day to spend more time in this great city.The location of the Helmsley is also good - Grand Central is couple mins away with good metro links, and 5th avenue, etc is about a 10min walk along 42nd st which is always busy busy.The hotel is also used by Virgin crew members, which is usually a decent sign. Would defintely stay here again if i needed to.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emjayen
<Content>Disappointed Part of a pre stay package with Norwegian Cruises.Disappointed initially in the decor of the rooms, although they were clean the furnishings were very worn and carpet was stained very badly, not a good first impression. Having said that the hotel turned out to be OK, the bar food and wait staff were fine. Door staff very helpful and friendly. All in all turned out well, after bad first impression. Have been advised that Helmsley is one of New York's better hotels !!!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location, nice hotel, some rude staff We stayed at the New York Helmsley Nov 19-21, 2004. Check in was a fairly painless process, however the checkin staff worked very slowly it took me 10 mins to check in and there was only one person in front of me. Eventually a second person came and checked me in. The room was nice and as requested we had 2 double beds. The decor was outdated but the room was clean and the towels were very fluffy and nice!!The only problem that we ran into was extremely rude bell captain. Since we had a late flight we asked that our luggage be kept at the hotel and the conceriege told us the bell captain would be happy to keep it. There was a huge line to leave our luggage, since our flight wasn't until 8PM we needed the luggage to be kept until 5PM, when we left the luggage the bell captain told us he wouldn't be here at 5, held out his hand (for a tip) and then told us he would have to store our luggage upstairs. He was abrupt and very rude. When we returned at 5 he was there expecting another tip when he sent a bellhop for the luggage then ignored our request for a cab. We went outside and one of the bell hops was happy to get us a cab. Other than the very rude bell captain, our stay was good. If I got a good deal in the future I would stay again.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great but no kettle! We visited the New York Helmsley, 42nd Street, NYC in August 2004 - 2 adults, 1 teenager. Great Hotel, jaded is some respects but grand and glitzy enough to retain a glamorous feel to it. Think Dallas, and gold bathrooms, and you won't go far wrong! Large room, definitely bigger than the NYC average.. and huge fluffy towels. Great location too.. a couple of blocks from Grand Central Station, ten minutes on foot into Times Square, and we had a view to DIE for of the beautiful Chrysler Building from our room. Ask for a room with a view when you book.. it worked for us! What we didn't like was not having tea/coffee making facilities.... unusual for NYC, in fact unusual for any hotel, and it struck us as being rather greedy, especially as room service and in house refreshment was expensive. Take a travel kettle with you, and take breakfast at the local Deli's.. they are good value. Harry's bar is legendary, at least the Martinis are.. and they deserve to be! One is enough to put most people under the table.. two, and you won't know which City you are in. This was my second trip to NYC, a City I love. I would choose the New York Helmsley again for its price range, location, friendly feel and gold glitzy bathroom... and particularly for the Martinis! But.. TAKE A KETTLE!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Whinbrook
<Content>Great Location, Shame about the Rooms Have just returned from 5 nights at The New York Helmsley Hotel. We had two rooms on what appeared to be unrefurbished floors (8th and 9th floors, so beware!). All the previous comments on this hotel about tired, shabby, dated decor applies to our stay, so we were not too surprised or too disappointed and we paid a bargain price ($175 per room per night inclusive) on a consolidators web site. Had we paid full rack rate, we would have raised hell as the rooms were well passed their sell by date decor wise. We have stayed in 4 and 5 star hotels in the USA on many occassions and there are some amenities missing from the rooms that we expected at a 4 star hotel as this Helmsley property is graded as. However, despite all this, the hotel is in an excellent location, the staff we came across were friendly and accommodating (house keeping came to one of our rooms on several occassions to fix broken fittings and were very efficient and polite) the complimentary coffee in the lobby was welcome, the bathroom toiletries were good quality and the towels were also very good. We never tried the restaurant but it looked an attractive space with a good if ordinary menu. The hotel was very busy through out our stay and each morning the lift service could not cope with the number of guests and we found ourselves either waiting well over 10 minutes to get into a lift to the ground floor or we had to walk down the fire stairs which became very irritating.It would be interesting to see a refurbished room, we strayed onto a refurbished floor (10th) and the corridors looked quite attractive (and with no kitchen smell from the a/c ducts). Even so, for the next trip to NYC we shall spend the extra to stay in a more modern, better equipped and decorated property.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>safetyman
<Content>Good for New York Excellent hotel that took care of all our requirements. Clean , comfortable,good food (the best steak i have ever tasted) and excellent service.Well located for all needs.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jack_essex
<Content>A fantastic Hotel !!! I have only today returned from our trip to New York City. It was my first trip to the city so was not too sure what to expect. From the minute we pulled up to the hotel we knew we had picked The lobby is very attractive with a trendy bar/restaurant. Although this is quite expensive the food is very good. There is also a deli type cafe right next door to the hotel which we had breakfast in and a few snacks. The location of the hotel couldnt be better. On East 42nd st places like Times Square, 5th Avenue are only a few munutes walk. It is also nice to have Grand Central Station about a block away so you can get the underground to pretty much any where in the city. Both of our rooms (My family and our friends) were excellant. The rooms looked very well kept and attractive. It was an added bonus as we had a fantastic view of the enitre Christler Building (vertually opposite the hotel). All in all a great hotel and facilities. If I go back to NY I would deffinately stay at the New York Helmsley.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>shopping in new york Stayed at this hotel for the first time over the marathon weekend, I will deffinetly do so again as the room was both spaciouse and clean. The restaurant was a pleasure. Location is quite central with nothing too far away. If your in Manhattan to shop this is the place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Midtown location, top-class food Stayed for 2 nights July-2004. Had a little trouble a check-in; I'd reserved a 2x queen-beds non-smoking room: at first got a smoking-room, changed me to a king-bed non-smoker, but needed a foldaway added for 3rd guest, but this was sorted out within 40 mins of arrival.Public areas  rooms furnished and finished to a high standard. Service typically fast and courteous, quality of food top-class (even the bar-snacks). Jet-lag meant we were eating early so took advantage of the discounted early menu for dinner - top-class food again.Location on 42nd St ideal for sight-seeing. Chrysler building one-side, Daily-News building the other-side. We walked to Empire-State, Grand-Central Station, New-York Library and at the other end of the street is the pier for Circle-line boat tours around 400Manhattan.Not a cheap hotel, but excellent quality; you get what you pay for. Recommended.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Comfortable Stayed in July 2004. Rooms vary in size, but had 2 double beds and nice big bathroom. Clean and comfortable beds. The furniture is a little dated, but everything is nicely kept. The staff was kind and helpful and there's a deli next door and a Kinkos across the street. Great for business. Grand Central is around the corner. I really enjoyed this place. Have stayed here before and will stay again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bdorgan
<Content>Good location but very run down The location of the hotel is excellent and the bar/reception/restaraunt area look very nice and modern,however as soon as you leave the lift you realise the hotel has not been renovated in a long time,our room was very clean but the wall paper was peeling off the corner of the wall, the carpet was stained, the bed sheet had holes in it and the paint on the bathroom door was all chipped off.If your looking for modern then this is not the place to be but location is excellent.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sbbKildare_Ireland
<Content>Great Stay with good service Could find no problems with Hotel. We were really pleased with service and friendly staff. Security at night reasuring . Great location for walking to Times Sq and Grand Central station.. Great food in hotel Room service and helpful advice ...2nd visit to New York,1st at Helmsley. Would stay again no doubt!!.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected in an refurbished room My second stay at the Helmsley yesterday was much better than expected. I paid a bit more than I wanted, booking directly at their website. The big surprise was getting room on the 41st floor that has obviously been refurbished. Flat screen TV mounted on the wall and free Internet access were both welcome and a complete surprise. The staff was as in the past very friendly and helpful. As others have said, the restaurant and bar are pretty pricey, but kind of the norm for Midtown hotels.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SamiBT
<Content>Great Location This hotel is conveniently located in midtown manhattan and you can literally walk anywhere. The staff were courteous and quickly checked us in eventhough we arrived at 9:00 a.m. The decor was a little dated but the rooms were large by NYC standards. There also several restaurants located nearby and fifth ave., time square and central park are only a ten minute walk. As Grand Central Station is one block away, you can reach lower manhattan in approximately 10 minutes. This was my first time in NYC and I must say, it was an excellent adventure.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great stay! Stayed 4 nights, fantastic location!! could walk everywhere, grand central 1 block. Staff very friendly we were checked in straight away, although bar is expensive the food food and drinks were great. Room had amazing view of empire state, very clean, yes decor a little tired but didnt spoil my stay! Had fridge in room but no coffee making facilities, there was fresh tea/coffee every morning in lobby. Complimentary paper delivered to your door every morning. Really nice deli/cafe next door we had breakfast there every morning. Would definatley stay again, locatin could not have been better!!! Seems to be a popular crew hotel which is always a good sign!!!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised After reading many reviews, I was expecting an old, dirty, and not up to date hotel. Instead I was surprised the minute I saw the place. Compared to most nyc hotels, it was large and had a driveway where you could unload luggage. The lobby was very busy, but did not have many places to sit and rest. When we checked in, we were given an upgrade to a room that normally costs $499; we paid $209. The room was large with two queen beds, extremely clean, a view of the empire state building, and had very luxurious linens and exceptional towels, large and fluffy. We did not eat there nor have drinks, but the lounge was busy each time we went by. The clerk at the front desk was attentive and friendly. I dont know what the lower level room look like or have for amenities, but the upstairs is great. Most of the clientele were older, but there were many young people, with and without families. I would give it another try and hope for another upgrade. thanks  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor service Extremely poor service. Upon my arrival, my luggage was taken inside by a bellboy without a welcome greeting, and dropped in the middle of the lobby. Now I'm done with my job, the bellboy asks for a tip. Bad manner. Then I dragged my luggage to the reception, where receptioninsts refused to ignore me for a good 15 minutes, too engaged in a chit-chat with airline crews, who had been already done with check-in. I reported a claim to the customer relations manager, who agian refused to respond to me throughout my stay for five day. I asked for their response at the check-out. After 4 weeks, I still have not heard back from them.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Annie100
<Content>Fantastic stay This is the third year I have stayed at the Helmsley and would highly recommend this hotel. It has a fantastic location, with easy transport links right outside the door almost. Lovely fluffy bathtowels and very clean large rooms with nice decor. I asked for a fridge and it was with me almost immediately. I asked for some assistance with what i thought was a broken light and someone was up within 5 minutes showing me how switches worked (very pleasant young man). It seems to have consistently high standards, everyone is very friendly and helpful in spite of the hotel being very busy. Check in and out has been immediate. I cannot ever find anything to ever complain about in this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely Recommend!! After using this site to help me choose the Helmsley I think it only fair write I should write a review myself. We stayed for a week (Sep 11-18) and had a very pleasant stay. We requested a room with a view and were put in a very nice 27th floor room with a clear view of the Empire State building, which looked spectacular at night. The rooms were large with all usual amenities. The only thing wrong was that the whole place needs to be decorated, as the walls were a little shabby and the decor very dated. But this is just a minor thing. Location is great 5 mins walk to Grand Central and the Staff friendly. Some advice - steer clear of the hotel bar - its super expensive - I got ripped of $29 for a double vodka sprite!!! Otherwise I'd recommend!!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good allround hotel Good quality hotel with a great central location. Rooms were large with excellent aircon (a must in august!) although the shower left a little to be desired. At 拢232 for 3 nights in peak season it was good value  would definitely stay here again. Staff were efficient  reasonably friendly (for NY)and the rooms were very clean. A good, safe bet.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleased with our stay My brother and I just got back 2 days ago after 5 days in NYC and was very pleased with the hotel stay. We were on the 7th floor, with a view east, our room being a floor above the resturant, as we could see the atrium windows just below us. We had taken a red eye and arrived at the hotel at 8:30 am and asked if we could get into our room even though the check in time was 4pm. The very pleasant woman at the desk accomodated us and in 5 mins we were in our room! Beds were a little hard, but not uncomfortable. Room was very nicely decorated and bathroom was very nice too. Never had any prob's with unclean bedding, staff was always plesant and helpful, and the room was always made up promptly. Its 1 block from the subway and 2 blocks from Grand Central so its a great location. Would stay here again without reservation, and this was my first time to NYC.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kit444
<Content>Outdated and unclean My Mom and I stayed at the New York Helmsley in July and were horrified by the outdated conditions of the room. I don't think the carpet or bedding has been changed in over 25 years. Everything was threadbare -- including the sheets and shower curtain (both complete with tears!). On the first night, I opened my covers to find dried blood on the sheets. I had to call room service 3 times and wait over one hour (till 11:30 pm) to have them come change them. Disgusting. There were cigarette burns and stains on the carpet (it was a non-smoking room).  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Restal
<Content>Top notch security and free coffee Just returned from a 2 day business trip to New York. Got a good rate for the New York Helmsley on the web. Found the hotel to be great value. The free morning coffee in the lobby was a god send.Given the heightened state of security it was good to find the hotel taking things seriously with key checks before you could go up to guest rooms. Staff were really great and the service exceptional. Got a some really good restaurant recommendations. Slight downs were that the room was dark and the a/c a bit noisy. The bathroom however was A+. Would definitely stay here again and recommend to friends.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>isee1
<Content>Ok .. but fire alert.. Stayed for 4 nights beginning of Aug. Whilst the hotel is perfectly fine and clean, the fire escape procedures are less than perfect. Awoke at 4.30am to hear a not terribly loud alarm ringing in the corridor, opened the door to smell smoke so knew had to act fast. Got outside to be met with a hundred of other bleary eyed souls. Surely some form of in-room alarm would have been more adequate? I'm a light sleeper, not everyone is.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable with questionable service I recently returned from a three-day weekend stay and would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a spacious, clean room with a comfortable bed. The hotel is close to Grand Central Station, so it's very accessible to the rest of the city. That's the good stuff, here's the bad: the concierge service is a joke. The recommendations were always expensive, even if quality lower cost options were available. And parking is pretty expensive too - $40.50 per day. Look around and you can find about $25 a day in a near-by garage. Most restaurants in the immediate area are steakhouses, but there's a good Italian restaurant across the street (about $20/entree) and a good pizza place and an outstanding deli around the corner.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good service,great location! Booked three rooms at the Helmsey at a $155 summer rate(dbl\dbl) for a mother daughter weekend with friends.(children12 under are free)Arrived early and was able to get early check in as requested no problem. Cars were valet parked($40 for 24hrs).Yes this is not an updated old style hotel and a bit ,stuck in the 80's, but that appealed to us.Rooms were clean and comfortable. (only slept there anyway). Had a coupon for hotels free continental breakfast but upgraded to 6.95 Buffet Breakfast.Very attentive wait staff,no problems.visited American Girl Place and had a pleasant walk up 5th Avenue passing Grand Central Station,The Ny Public library,Chrysler building.Street Fair on Sundays on Closed off 5th avenue.Very Easy hotel to drive to from FDR drive. Close to UN Area.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Satisfied Experience I just returned from spending 3 nights in NYC-all at the Helmsley Hotel. I used this website to help me make my selection so I felt oblidge to return the favor. The Hotel was great! The rooms were big, clean and the bathroom was huge! The first night upon our late arrival they put my boyfriend  I in a double room but were very accomodating to move us to our requested room (king Size Bed) the next morning. I honestly only have good things to say about this hotel and will likely return. I got a good rate online $149/night and for that price it is totally worth it. I would however note that you shoud request a high floor as you can hear the street traffic in the morning  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location and staff Couldn't really find much fault with this hotel. The location is fantastic - almost opposite Grand Central Station so extremely convenient for the subway - which now seems quite safe to use. Also approx 5 min walk from 5th Ave and being on 42nd St it's only 10 min walk from Times Square to the west and a 10 min walk to United Nations building to the east. Rooms are a good size (we were in a twin) and the bathroom was also a reasonable size. The only problem with the bathroom was the hairdryer - no power at all, but we managed. I overheard that the hotel is being refurbished from the bottom rooms upwards - we were on the 29th floor and we weren't in a refurbished room and it would not stop me from staying there again - the room was still of good quality furnishings etc. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful - nothing was too much trouble. The hotel was very clean - an enormous plus as far as I'm concerned!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BBinVA
<Content>Never Again While the room was nicely decorated, and the view breathtaking, the surroundings were filthy. I've stayed at interstate hotels cleaner than my room! My major complaint was with housekeeping -not only for the dirty room, but because we had left some items behind. They mailed some of the items back home to us (I initiated the call to find the missing items) but they kept the new items I'd purchased in NYC, i.e., all of my items were not returned. They were all in one drawer, so they were not in several locations throughout the room. Somebody's kid is wearing the new school clothes I'd purchased for my son! I wrote two letters - one to the hotel manager, and one to the hotel headquarters - and never received a response.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2004
<Rating>1	4	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a nightmare! Never, never again will I book anyone from this firm at any Helmsley hotel. Upon arriving, my boss found five other bedraggled guests sitting in the lobby who had also been told their rooms were either given away or not ready. My bosses room, which had been reserved a month in advance, was a filthy hole. They also failed to provide room service as requested.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Disrepaired Hotel I spent one night only (thank god!) in this stated 4 stars hotel in NYC... it was the worst experience I have ever had. I stayed there first in 1995. At that time i thought that the hotel was in a great location but it really needed to be upgrated in furnishing, maintenance, style and cleaning. Well, after 9 years nothing has changed, it actually got worst!This time my room was 2322 and once entering the room i got a weird flashback...it was like being in New York in the 70's!!!Brownish colors, faded fabrics, kitchy old fashion furnitures topped with stained marbles and a very old dated bathroom.One of the window shutters was blocked in the open position while the other collapsed on me when i tried to pull it down to close it.The end result, of course, was that I was unable to sleep with the light coming in from the outside.And if that was not bad enough, the door to my room could not be locked when leaving and anybody could have broken in my room just by pushing the door and without using the key.I mentioned all the above problems to the reception but they told me they couldn't change my room because it was full booked...so i thought that it was unbelievable that a hotel in such sad disrepair could be a four star hotel and full booked too!Frankly, in an age of increasing liabilties and security, I don't fell like i could recommend this hotel to any body.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pumpkin31
<Content>Perfect! Stayed here for 4 nights in june and had a wonderful time. It was our first time to new york and I had spent ages researching before eventually settling for the New York Helmsley - I'm glad to say I picked well and got good value for money (拢100 sterling room rate per night - booked on OctopusTravel). As other tripadvisor users point out the hotel decor is in 1980s mode but dont let this put you off - the rooms are extremely spacious and clean (which I understand is unusual for new york) - we had two queen beds in our room on th 33rd floor - with a fantastic view of the new york skyline and chrysler building just opposite. There was also a fridge and tea and coffee making facilities. Location is excellent being a 2 min walk from grand central station (v handy for subway). Also grand central has an excellent food court where we often picked up a tasty and reasonable breakfast. Times square is also only 5-10 min stroll. Didn't eat in the hotel during our stay-however they did serve tasty complimentary hor d'oeurves from 5pm-7pm each night in the bar. Will definitely be back!!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cannot fault the service Chose the Helmsley for my honeymoon. Service was great and the staff very friendly. The bellman even got us moved to a room with a king size bed after he learned we were on honeymoon and were given a room with 2 beds. Would stay again, and recommend this hotel. Excellent value.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't fault it, we'll be back! We stayed at the Helmsley in April 2004, and we couldn't fault it! Its location was amazing, easy walking distance to many of the top attractions. The staff were always friendly and helpful. Security was good. The rooms were spotless and cleaned to a high standard every day. It was really good value for money. We had the most amazing time and we are planning to go back to the Helmsley for New Year!   
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Planning my return.... I have been meaning to do this for a while. I stayed in the New York Helmsley in March and as other reviewers have pointed out the decor is a little dated but I can tell you they make up for it in so many other ways the staff are amazing very friendly and very very helpful. The location is brilliant it is located it is so near near everything and I have to say I can't fault anything about it. I am already planning my return visit..  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Didn't want to leave My boyfriend and I stayed here last week and I loved it!!The decor is a bit sad but the hotel is very, very happy. The staff were always willing to help and there with a ready smile.The location is perfect for getting out and about and I enjoyed every minute of my stay.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous   showReview(1731281, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trvl2
<Content>Just okay   showReview(1725360, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of my favorites!   showReview(1662394, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A sure bet   showReview(1638675, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fenkazl
<Content>Great Hotel/Location   showReview(1628442, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tystavern
<Content>Old and Overpriced   showReview(1505377, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In the words of the Terminator, 'I'll be back!'   showReview(1499242, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oivind
<Content>Vvery nice indeed!!!   showReview(1438650, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, old furnishings    showReview(1422185, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fyly
<Content>good hotel   showReview(933010, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>diluccia
<Content>Perfretto x visitare New York   showReview(23338577, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>amanda1Aesch
<Content>ganz OK...   showReview(23311523, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>fontan
<Content>tutto perfetto   showReview(23294167, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	2	

<Author>JuanCoslada
<Content>Centrico y Confortable       Entrada al Hemsley New York  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>occhiverdi
<Content>Buon hotel a New York.   showReview(22462526, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Lewis0
<Content>Muy bien situado y estupendamente comunicado   showReview(21691638, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>papi-puccio
<Content>molto bello   showReview(21601308, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>rosamurcia
<Content>Hotel bien situado y muy confortable   showReview(21401675, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>PaulriceVercelli
<Content>Cosa si vuole di pi霉?   showReview(21345680, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	-1	4	

<Author>SIY75
<Content>Helmsley New York perfetto !   showReview(20925900, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lukyc79
<Content>Ottimoooooo   showReview(20469374, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>KlausG
<Content>Gutes Preis- Leistungsverh盲ltnis, empfehlenswert       Nachts auf dem Weg zum Hotel  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>rebeccar0ma
<Content>centralissimo e pulitissimo   showReview(19968685, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>diomiono
<Content>Consigliatissimo!       Taxy  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel 脿 recommander sans h茅siter   showReview(20550943, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon hotel bien plc茅 1 peu bruyant( rue)   showReview(20550944, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ittolino
<Content>ottimo!!   showReview(19878418, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>asurada
<Content>NEW YORK, NEW YORK   showReview(19812633, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Speriamo di tornarci al pi霉 presto   showReview(20550948, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima scelta   showReview(20550946, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima la posizione e la vista dalle camere.   showReview(20550947, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un s茅jour inoubliable.   showReview(19635264, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Pichuletina
<Content>Muy buen hotel   showReview(19532281, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(19635263, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione ottima   showReview(19635260, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Assolutamente da consigliare e da ritornarci   showReview(19635259, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un super choix   showReview(19635261, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Id茅alement situ茅, tr猫s bon confort et chambres spacieuses   showReview(19635252, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ve lo consiglio   showReview(19635251, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Toplage mit Aussicht   showReview(19635250, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel splendito nelle vicinanze di tutto   showReview(19635249, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s contents de notre s茅jour !   showReview(19635257, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tolles Hotel   showReview(19635258, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien situ茅 et assez calme   showReview(19635248, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zentrale Lage, fairer Preis   showReview(19635255, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tres correct correctement situ茅   showReview(19635256, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon quartier, confort correct, quelques points faibles   showReview(19635254, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Weder besonders begeistert noch allzu negativ 眉berrascht   showReview(18523506, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r einen St盲dtetrip nach New York sehr zu empfehlen   showReview(18523505, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo albergo per la sua collocazione strategica   showReview(18523496, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einzigartige Lage   showReview(18523504, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A recommander   showReview(18523497, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>immer wieder   showReview(18523495, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>servizio a volte ottimo a volte no   showReview(18523493, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder!   showReview(18523494, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eccellente   showReview(17430907, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>carmen1949
<Content>mi estancia fue muy buena   showReview(17288215, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>xmn74
<Content>Molto bello e Centrale   showReview(17278093, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottima posizione - comfort degno di nota   showReview(17430906, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>steopia
<Content>Esperienza negativa   showReview(17179234, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	3	2	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Hotel f眉r einen New York St盲dtetrip   showReview(17430897, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>veramente bello!!   showReview(17430896, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Einwandfrei.   showReview(17430895, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>homerx97
<Content>Bon rapport qualit茅/prix       Vue de la chambre 3305  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>RAGAZZI!!!! UN HOTEL FANTASTICO AD UN PREZZO ECCEZIONALE!!!!!   showReview(17430894, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel correct bien situ茅 脿 proximit茅 de grand central station   showReview(17430890, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Evelinda
<Content>Gentilezza e cortesia       vista ponte di Brooklyn  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A recommander   showReview(17430892, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super zentral gelegenes Hotel   showReview(17430891, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>luna80
<Content>Posizione strategica       il New York times era gratis ogni mattina fuori dalla porta della camera  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zentral gelegen, gerne wieder   showReview(16584601, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ClaudiaeBeppe
<Content>Hotel consigliatisssimo   showReview(16455051, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>miguelMurcia
<Content>Un hotel muy tranquilo y acogedor   showReview(16261839, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>anirbas68
<Content>Splendida posizione ottimo hotel   showReview(16243466, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Midtown Manhattan - ideales Hotel   showReview(16584599, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo   showReview(16584600, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mariateresa75
<Content>tutto perfetto!   showReview(16228991, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>NY   showReview(16584593, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo hotel in rapporto qualit脿/prezzo e posizione centrale   showReview(16584594, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EugenioPaolo
<Content>Adesso so dove tornare   showReview(16034227, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super hotel   showReview(16584585, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Idealer Standort f眉r Sightseeing Manhattan   showReview(16584584, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un bon hotel,un peu cher!   showReview(16584589, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon h么tel   showReview(16584591, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien, vraiment bien.   showReview(16584590, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Esperienza positiva   showReview(16584577, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>valentinag87
<Content>Buono   showReview(15821196, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione strategica   showReview(16584576, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lo consiglio   showReview(16584592, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien situ茅 (well located)   showReview(16584586, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(16584587, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>servito e comodissimo   showReview(16584575, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>a recommander pour la visite de la ville   showReview(16584588, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bugattiPD
<Content>molto centrale , hotel veramente ok   showReview(15488174, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Carlos-Aix
<Content>Hotel tr猫s bien situ茅, et confortable   showReview(15358730, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Situation id茅ale et confort de bon niveau   showReview(15563316, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Empfehlenswert   showReview(15563310, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bel h么tel   showReview(15563308, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mukss
<Content>Perfecto, nos sorprendi贸 gratamente       Mi habitaci贸n en la planta 20  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Sight-seeing Hotel   showReview(15563305, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel che consiglio vivamente a tutti   showReview(15563306, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>adresse 脿 retenir   showReview(15563307, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15563304, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nath151
<Content>Bon emplacement pour un h么tel cosy   showReview(14690204, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	2	-1	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y retournerons   showReview(14726484, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelwestcoast
<Content>Sehr empfehlenswert - gute Lage, super Service!   showReview(14406025, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Komfortable ger盲umige Zimmer - 1A-Service!   showReview(14726483, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pulizia, comodit脿 e vista: Helmsley Hotel   showReview(14726482, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>wuerde ich wieder buchen   showReview(14726481, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>w眉rde ich sofort wieder buchen   showReview(14726480, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Topqualit盲t in spitzen Lage!   showReview(13975787, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>parfaitement plac茅   showReview(13975786, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>M枚chte wieder hin   showReview(13975785, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Francesco_Cax
<Content>Ottimo per quel prezzo       La vista dalla stanza  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nel cuore di New York   showReview(13975784, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>good location   showReview(13196194, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>situation exeptionnellle   showReview(13196193, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sonietta73
<Content>CHE VISTA!!!!!       io sotto la statua della libert脿  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>qualit脿 non ottimale   showReview(13196190, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous pourrions y retourner   showReview(13196189, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(12655480, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绲屾笀鐨勩仹銇亱銇亱鑹亜銇с仚   showReview(19165511, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜ら€氥伄渚裤亴銈堛亸銆佸畨鍏ㄣ仾銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19165399, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>uetzwurst
<Content>Abzocke beim 'Late Check Out'   showReview(10031663, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>SalGal89
<Content>Credevo un p貌 meglio   showReview(8602058, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Optimal f眉r Stadtbesichtigung   showReview(11448361, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛掑害鐩伀琛屻仯銇︺亴銇ｃ亱銈?#x201d;   showReview(19162772, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>swemix
<Content>Sehr gut   showReview(8132570, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11428147, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Choron
<Content>G茅nial !       Vue de la chambre 2005, 20猫me 茅tage  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>mildesmarais
<Content>genial !   showReview(7592084, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>fetentella
<Content>il new york helmsley 猫 un bell'hotel   showReview(7485921, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>NEW YORK...   showReview(21801891, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage, Sch枚nes Hotel   showReview(11353586, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇娿仚銇欍倎銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19158887, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eva-austria
<Content>genau das richtige   showReview(5712971, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>justina
<Content>S茅jour impeccable de 8 nuits au New York Helmsley   showReview(5619239, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈炽偣銉堛儜銉曘偐銉笺優銉炽偣銇壇銇勩亰钖︺倎銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19158476, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶溿倐瀹夊績   showReview(19929333, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉嬨儱銉笺儴銉笺偗銇儹銉炽儔...   showReview(19925781, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉嬨儱銉笺儴銉笺偗銇伅鏈?..   showReview(19919183, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

