<Author>KCPirate
<Content>What ever happend to Customer service My company booked this property on line for me at what I thought was a good price that included parking, a $26.00 value. Upon arrival (after finding a valet who told me to leave my car where they were giving tickets) After finally getting a receipt for my rental car I checked in and was told of the mandatory charge for the business center , internet and safe. $7.95 I was told that I hade to pay it. After getting to my room and finding that the trash was full and the alarm clock not working I informed the front desk about the 2 minor problems and was told that no one was available to empty the trash and the had no other alarms. (once again no sorry sir) When checking out the next morning I experienced the young lady at the front desk was letting her friends come in and help themselves to coffee and croissants. The I proceeded to check out and was to be charged for parking and two days instead of one. After that I started to look for the valet, that was no where to be found. I informed the inattentive young lady at the front desk and she phoned him. When he showed up I told him what I drove and ticket number after 10-15 minuets he called the front desk and asked for the number again, then what car I drove again. After a total of 40 minuets my car showed up. I鈥檓 sure happy that my airline could find where they parked the plane that day. Do not stay here!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2009
<Rating>1	2	3	5	2	2	1	3	

<Author>ndstrukt
<Content>Wonderful stay After reading all of the negative reviews, I was hesitant to book a room. However, I just couldn't beat the $53 rate (with free parking) for New Year's Eve found on bookit.com, so I decided to take the risk. I'm so glad I did! Everyone was extremely friendly, from the valet driver to the woman at the check-in desk. I had a room w/ a king bed on the the 6th floor, with a direct view of St. Charles Avenue. The room looked brand new (or at least newly renovated)! The bed/bedding were new, the bathroom was all new w/ marble countertops and brand new tile floors, and the decor was new. Also, there is a bar called OHM in the lobby which also appeared to be brand new, very modern and hip. I couldn't have been more pleased with my visit.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>originalladyleo4life
<Content>Overall Pleased After reading some of the other reviews, I was somewhat nervous about staying here but I couldn't pass up the price for this location (1 block from the French Quarter) and went down there with my fingers crossed. I must say that I had an overall pleasing stay at this hotel. Front desk staff was very good. The check-in was relatively quick. On one of the days, a clerk suggested we take a van tour of the city and gave us a discounted rate. The tour was excellent (VIP tours) and I would suggest taking it if you have the time. Check-out was also quick and clerk called us a cab that was there almost as soon as she hung up the phone. Housekeeping was OK. One time, they didn't leave complete towel sets and another day, they didn't come to the room at all. Yes--the room was small but it was nice decorated  the bed was comfortable. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>luna4850
<Content>Stay away This ranks as one of the worst hotels we have stayed in. It was not as advertised. No way does this hotel justify being called upscale  certainly does not rate the 3 stars bookit.com gave. On the plus side, the beds were very comfortable and the ac worked great. But here are the negatives: there were no hangars in the wardrobe closet when we arrived. upon request exactly one hangar was delivered with the statement that's all I could find. I don't know what's going on. it took an act of congress to get adequate towels and toiletries each day -- something was always missing and required repeated requests. the phone did not have extensions listed on it, so we didn't know how to call housekeeping or valet from our room  were never given the info. we were not given the internet password on check in, got it only after 2 phone calls with conflicting info. we waited an hour for our car because the front desk forgot to give our request to the valet. the staff was very unprofessional, rude at times, busy making personal calls  there seemed to be no one in charge. the rooms are small, walls paper thin and there was a lot of noise. contrary to what was advertised, we did not have a mini fridge in our room (there was a broken, empty minibar which took up a lot of useless room), no safe, no fax modem. our bathroom sink had a large crack in it. my bedspread was stained. the towels were rough, thin and small, something you would see in an Econolodge, not an upscale boutique hotel. I hated returning to this hotel at night, dreaded making requests to the front desk. I heard similar comments from other guests who were also having a hard time getting service. would never stay at this hotel again, no matter what the price.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	2	

<Author>Vegas_Shopper
<Content>Who Dat?       View from our room  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>rockinmomFL
<Content>Not as bad.... We stayed at the hotel one night. We drove from out of town and got lost finding the hotel. The receptionist was very rude when we called for directions. Thankfully we found an EMT who was gracious and able to give us directions. Double beds are not very big. Beds were very comfortable, but my husband took up most of the bed. Walls very thin. Valet guys were very nice. Clean room. Nice bathroom. Hotel is near everything.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JustAn0therTraveler
<Content>Horrible Customer Service - never again We went to New Orleans for a weekend with friends. New Orleans was great, the hotel was awful.鈥?When we arrived they could only find one of the two rooms we had reserved (good thing we had the confirmation number). Once they found the second room we were informed that other people had been waiting while they were looking so we would need to go to the back of the line if we wanted to be checked in for the second room.鈥?Our package gave us 50% off parking at the hotel when we arrived they no longer had any parking 鈥?we ended up paying three times as much and parking in a ramp down the street鈥?The 鈥渘on-smoking鈥?rooms we had reserved smelled like smoke and one of the rooms had a wet spot on the floor and smelled like someone had gone to the bathroom.鈥?Our package offered a free harbor cruise 鈥?we asked about the cruise several times and none of the hotel clerks had any idea how we could take advantage of the cruise. But at the same time they told us they had no idea how we could take advantage of the cruise they handed us a sheet for next month鈥檚 package offering the same cruise in a new package.This hotel had horrible customer service and was not clean. Take a vacation to New Orleans you鈥檒l love it, but don鈥檛 stay and the Royal Saint Charles!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	2	

<Author>maryjorleans
<Content>Worst Ever WORST HOTEL EVER!Well when we got there they had no double rooms available and the clerk was sassy as if it were our fault, we had a conformation number to prove we booked two double beds. They offered us a single room with a roll away bed, and would change us the next night and comp. us our parking. While we unload our luggage to our barely there room, what kind of roll-away bed you ask.....it was a twin size air mattress, which there wasn't any room for our luggage and an air mattress all in the same room. When were done I ask the guy to valet park my car and he then tells me there aren't any more spots in the parking garage for the hotel. But I was more then welcome to park my brand new car out on the street of New Orleans. I said well I should guess not! Went back in the hotel to speak to the front desk and it's now a guy no longer the sassy girl. He offers us to park at a hotel down the block, and bring back the receipt and when I check out they will refund my parking in cash! Well when we check out we get the sassy girl who checked us in and she refused to refund me my money for parking and said I needed a manager to do so, not to mention she has NO people skills! So I have to leave the hotel and call the manager the next day! And on top of all that, the lounge in the hotel is smokey and plays very loud music! And I hope you don't have to call for towels or anything from house keeping because they took over an hour and a half to bring towels to us, TWICE! Three elevators in the hotel and ONE worked! Believe me this hotel wasn't worth the time or money I spent there. They either need new management or just lock the doors.........It took me 3 days and lots of phone calls and a huge hassle with sassy employees, and manager to get my parking compted as promised. The manager would not return my phone calls or voice mail messages. WoW how to handle your position!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>roadie84
<Content>Very poor customer service I was booked at this hotel for two weeks in May while I was at a convention in town. The hotel was noted as a small boutique hotel. When I arrived they could not find my reservation. My company had booked 12 rooms there, but they did not have my name in the reservation. I was surprised to learn that you are required to pay a $6.95 fee per day for phone and internet use. I stated that I generally use my personal cell and not the internet. I was told it is a mandatory fee charged to each guest. So I inquired if it is a mandatory fee, why is not just included in the price of the room. The clerk could not answer, only that it was hotel policy. After getting settled, it was a nice hotel and had basic amenities. In the middle of my stay, there was a number of thefts from guests rooms in the hotel. My room had items removed and it was not cleaned that day. While I was at the front desk making my theft report, I spoke to a number of other guests who came to the front desk with reports of items taken from their rooms. I completed my report with the front desk and asked to see the manager. I was told she was in a meeting and would contact me as soon as she got out. I never received any contact from her. I stopped at the desk each morning before I left for the day, would call during the day and stop at the desk when I returned. I left messages with my concern for not being contacted. When the hotel manager would not return any of my calls, I contacted her on her personal cell phone. She told me the matter was reported to the police and it was being investigated. She told me it was a former employeee who was dismissed three months earlier. I inquired why the person would still have a full access key to all rooms three months after being no longer employed there. She could not give me an answer, only that it was being looked into. I continued to try to contact the manager each morning and evening for the remaining 5 days of my stay and NEVER received a return call. The front desk could only tell me she was very busy and that the matter was still being investigated. They also assured me a police report had been made, that no action was needed at this time on my part and that the manager was working with the insurance company to cover the losses. Also, my room phone stopped working and could not be fixed after the second day so all calls were made from my personal cell phone. I was told by the building engineer that the problem could not be repaired and I could switch rooms if necessary. I continued to call the manager daily and NEVER received a return call. I sent emails every few days to find out what action was being taken, still no response. After a month of no response, I received a junk email from her, stating that no one entered my room except for me. She stated that only two rooms were compromised. I asked about cleaning employees entering my room and there was no response. In addition, the bar located in the lobby was open all night, playing loud music. When I left each morning, the bar was just closing. While the location is convenient to the French Quarter, the noise from the trolley made me feel like I was sleeping out on the street. This, along with noise from the building construction next door, added to my overall displeasure with the hotel.My opinion of this hotel is extremely negative. I understand that thefts can happen, but the lack of ANY customer service from the hotel staff and manager to resolve the issue was appalling. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	3	3	2	1	1	

<Author>dixienj
<Content>Good Hotel for the price- no problems Despite some of the reviews this is a good hotel for a great price with their summer special. We checked in on a Thursday afternoon and requested a non smoking king room. The room was fine except it smelled heavily of cigarette smoke. A quick call to the front desk and we went down and we switched to another room. The front desk clerk was very nice about it and the second room was fine.Overall the room was clean, the bathroom modern and clean and the decor was nice. The room is somewhat small but for the price and location it was fine. We really did not spend a lot of time in the room. The hotel is within walking distance to french quarter, casino, shopping and other attractions with two streetcars right there to take you other places. Facilities fee and parking were clear on the website and explained at check in. Coffee and danish breakfast was limited and fine with fresh fruit also offered. No complaints.We have stayed at resorts and hotels ranging from 3-5 stars while traveling and this is somewhere in between. This would have been considered off season and not real busy but I would recommend this hotel to travelers for the price. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mikes_sister_toronto
<Content>Comfortable hotel, wonderful staff! The Royal St. Charles was a great value for the price. You'll find the best booking deals directly from their website (I was there the first week of April, only paid $55/night!). The room was clean, the staff were nice and very helpful, Leonard at the front desk was especially lovely. Located only one block away from Canal St and the French Quarter, this hotel is ideally situated - close to all the action, but far enough away from the noise of Bourbon St (trust me, there's lots of noise!). The St Charles street car stops right outside the hotel, I highly recommend taking it out to see the mansions in the Garden District. It's a nice, scenic ride that's only $1.25 each way (and about 1.5 hours round trip). My friend and I grabbed a snack and enjoyed a relaxing (and cheap) afternoon. The $55/night included breakfast, though it's just coffee and a small danish. Great if you want to grab a quick sugar and caffeine fix before heading out, but most days I didn't bother as there are a lot of nice places to eat at. Contrary to what others have said, there IS a place to sit and eat in the lobby, they just don't have proper tables and chairs, but who cares? Are you there to eat in the hotel, or sight see?? Worst case scenario, you can just take it back to your room. There's also a small gym (only one working treadmill), and a computer with internet access. So, all in all, a very good deal for the price (sorry to those who booked with another website and paid way more). I had a wonderful time in New Orleans, and I look forward to going back someday. Every one in the city is so friendly, go and see for yourself! :-)  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Vacationgirl101
<Content>My New Orleans Secret I love this hotel. I booked it when i attended the Essence Music Festival last July. Since i did not rent a car it was perfect because the hotel is walking distance to all the events. Just a block away from the trolley and a couple of blocks from Bourbon Street. I like the idea that the hotel is a couple of blocks away because you get your peace and quiet. There is also a lounge in the lobby and the sound of the music did not enter the room at all. Free breakfast in the morning also kept costs down. The hotel is located in a safe area and staff was very helpful. I will stay here everytime i visit the area. In fact i will be there this year for Essence fest again!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>newmom2
<Content>Best spot in New Orleans!       Best BBQ in New Orleans  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Wordman113
<Content>Great little hotel, just outside the quarter.... We stayed at the Royal St. Charles during the first weekend of Jazz Fest this year. This is a nice little boutique style hotel. The room was clean, well appointed, but a little small. Although small rooms do seem to be the norm in New Orleans. There is a small lounge in the lobby that is kind of a dance club thing at night, and they did have coffee and sweet rolls and muffins out in the morning. This hotel was a block outside the French Quarter and a block south of Bourbon Street, about a 5 minute walk. It is also on the St. Charles Streetcar line, which we used to go out to the Garden District for lunch at Commander's Palace. It isn't the best hotel that I've ever stayed at in my life, but I wouldn't hestitate to stay there again on my next trip to New Orleans.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Brangwen
<Content>Robbed by Hotel Staff We were guests at this hotel the night of 5/18/08. Our hotel room was entered by a hotel master key and several expensive electronic items were removed... these items were NOT sitting out, they were packed into our luggage as we were preparing to check out and leave New Orleans. We had packed up and headed down the street to grab breakfast before checking out. We returned to find things opened and missing. These items were not left out in plain site, our luggage was rummaged through. A police officer was onsite within 30 min (which we had to call) to take the report.The front desk manager (Gabby) was very rude during the whole process. We were informed by her and Aurthur that they had to do a lock check... apparently this takes 3+ hours to do (???). At least 4 to 5 times during this process (waiting on the lock check and dealing with the police) we overheard her talking with housekeeping via radio if room 402 was vacated yet to so they could flip it. Very odd that the MANAGER on duty doesn't seem to recognize which room # was just broken into and the guests from that room are standing in front of her. She never seemed to recognize us each time we returned to the front desk. As we wait, we discover at least one other room was robbed (9th floor) and the lady we spoke with was just as upset about the treatment by the hotel staff as we were. My guess is there were several more rooms hit, the guests had not returned yet to find items missing.It is now 2 days later and the General Manager of the hotel will not return phone calls, although she did tell us yesterday that the lock check DID show it was a hotel master key that accessed our room.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>kkap2001
<Content>really really bad When my husband and I arrived we were given a room without a window.. The room had no window!!!! It would never occur to me when paying $230.00 a night in the US to ask if the room had a window. They wouldn't transfer us that night, all full. They did transfer us the next night.  I think all the rooms with 2 double beds have no window. Fortunately our third person ended up not coming so we could change to a room with one double bed. None of their information tells you that some rooms have no windows. I think at this hotel we found the only cold, unfriendly people in all New Orleans. And when you leave, they tell you there's a mandatory $6.95 a night charge for the phone, whether you use the phone or not. This is also not listed on the hotels.com information. For people who are bothered by noise, there is loud construction in the street and a loud bar that's part of the lobby. Avoid this hotel.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JacksonGuy
<Content>Nice place. A Real Bargain. The Royal St Charles is a very nice place. The selling point - handsdown - is the price. During Jazzfest, my wife and I booked a weekend room here for less than 1/4th comparable hotels in the area. The location is very nice. Corner of Canal and St Charles. One block of Bourbon. Room was suprisingly large, with huge wall of windows. Breakfast buffet was just coffee and danishes, but was free, so cant complain.We have now stayed three times here, and will definitely return. Perfect for a nice, clean, and very inexpensive bed.I give a big thumbs up.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iamcarson
<Content>Royal St. Charles was a great find and wonderful location! We made arrangements for us and 3 friends to go to Jazz Fest this year and just before our trip found the terrible reviews of this hotel. We were terrified of what we - and our friends - were going to find!We found the hotel to be wonderful! All of our 3 rooms were nice and clean and had windows and everything worked well. New Orleans has plenty of dingy hotels but this was not one of them. Maybe the rooms across the hall didn't have windows but all of ours were great. One thing we agreed with from the unfavorable reviews was the bogus wi-fi charge. None of us used the service but we were all charged a daily fee for it. And I did hear someone say that it didn't work well.But the location of this hotel to the French Quarter was ideal (just a block off Canal Street) and we discovered some new restaurants in the Warehouse district. One good one in the Quarter is EAT - at 900 Dumaine Street. You get great deals on non-fried food and it's BYOB! There's a small grocery with a huge wine selection one block away! Enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Dharmabum25
<Content>Good Deal, Good Service My wife was in town for a conference and the host hotel wanted $160/night. We found a great Web deal for $54/night plus the $6.50/night for Internet and fitness room. It's a block from the Quarter and right on the St. Charles trolly line. Yes, the rooms were small and a little on the dark side during the night. However, our room and bathroom was clean, the daily maid service was good as was the front desk when we needed something. Upon check in I requested a fridge and more hangers and had both within 30 minutes. Folks you can't expect 5 star accomodations for this price, but it was clean, safe and the service was fine. As with others, we spent little time in our room.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>kyeoj1926
<Content>Awful. In all of the times that I've traveled, I've never experienced more incompetence than when I stayed at the Royal St. Charles. The managers gave our room away twice and suggested that four people share one bed. The rooms were also windowless, small, stained, and falling apart. Further, danishes and coffee do not equate a full American breakfast. Although the location was great, the hotel experience was awful. Think twice before choosing this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>gorditer
<Content>just ok this is a very inexpensive hotel. i came for a conference rate of $99 but i saw others checking in at $55 a night. it has a great internet/phone package (unlimited calls and internet for $6.95 a day). i found the staff to be helpful. don't expect anything from the rooms however. they are small and dark - mine did not have a window! when was the last time you had a room without a window. the bathroom was small. the linens were dingy. bed was comfortable enough. for the price i would stay again but this is not a boutique hotel as it claims.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	3	2	3	2	4	

<Author>BeautyJ
<Content>Valet parking gave us a parking fine!!!! The room was very small and dark.We park valet and month later have got a fine from City New Orleans Parking Violations Bureau. We have to pay $40 dollars fine for it.The manager of the hotel Michell Russo was not helpful at all.She gave me a bad attitude and saying that it is was not them buti have the date and time of the fine and it was after 5 minutes we checked in.I still fighting to get my money back.If you can stay some other hotel please do that.Stay away from the trouble and parking fines.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>malia311
<Content>Nice but small I stayed at the RSC for 311 Day with 2 of my friends. We got a special rate of $90/day and for that price it was worth it. It was clean and the beds were comfortable but the room  bathroom are both very small!! It's worth staying here if you get a good deal and there's not more than 3 people in the room. Also if you plan on hanging out in your room for a long time, this is not the place to stay. It was good for getting ready to go out and sleeping. Location is very convenient, the french quarter is a short walking distance away and there's a street car stop right in front of the hotel. The staff was very nice and helpful.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>msu311girl
<Content>Great location, nice staff, and cute room! I expected that since I got a deal on this hotel that we would get a mediocre room but it was actually impressive. Yes, the rooms are small, but face it, if you're in your room that much and you're in New Orleans, you took the wrong vacation. The bed was so comfortable and own room was promptly stocked every day. The staff was friendly and helpful. The continental breakfast didn't include much but I'm sure the danishes and muffins are from a local bakery because they were delicious and so soft. The location is incredible. Super close to the French Quarter. Plus, all you have to do is step out of the hotel room to get onto the St Charles streetcar and go to the Garden District. Only drawback was the hotel didn't have parking onsite so it was valleted elsewhere. Also, the location is kind of difficult to get in and out of.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>thephunkster2001
<Content>Wonderful!! My wife and I stayed for our anniversary from Feb 28-Mar 2. I must say that the trip and the stay at this hotel was wonderful! On the day we got in, I was nervous because the bed frame wasn't not fitted in the headboard, which created a sinking in the middle of the bed. However, we called and a tech promptly came and fixed the problem. All was well from that point forward. I have to also give a special mention to the front desk person named GABBIE. She was the most pleasant and helped us tremendously in all areas of stay! She, as well as the whole staff we encountered, was excellent! We will stay there again very soon!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>AmyDaveWI
<Content>The stay was awesome, room were quaint!!!! This hotel was a nice placeand we enjoyed our stay, for the price of the hotel it is worth it. I would recommend this hotel. It was not a 5 star but in New Orleans there is so much to see that you won't spend alot of time in the hotel. Thanks for a great trip in the big New Orleans. from Wisconsin  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Renee081
<Content>Good property I booked this property same day, I was visiting a friend who fell ill and I decided to spend the night in New Orleans.I booked through Bookit, It took a phone call to ensure I had a confirmation due to booking a few hours in advance.The hotel location is good, within easy walking distance to the French Quarter and Harrahs and there's a St. Charles streetcar stop out front. It had very easy access to the expressway (I10).Lobby is small, but nice. The lobby bar was not open during my stay (Sunday night), but it looked nice.The hotel offers valet parking - NOTE: The parking is around 10 minutes away. When you're claiming your car, plan for 20-30 minutes to get it back, depending on traffic.My room was small (typical of an older hotel), but clean. The bedding was very nice. Carpet could use replacing. They had a very nice lit built-in vanity area. Iron / ironing board in the room.Bathroom was nice, just very little counter space due to the small size.Front desk staff was pleasant and courteous. There are no restaurants on site.They charge a $6.95 resort fee for use of the fitness center and business center.Business center had one computer and a printer, but it was sufficient and allowed me to check in at work.Fitness center has 2 treadmills and a crossramp plus some weight equipment. I couldn't get the crossramp to work and one of the treadmills seemed to be out of commission. But I was still able to use the second treadmill.I was still pleased with this hotel and got a great rate. If the price were right, I would consider staying here again. You're in the room so little, it doesn't matter how big it is and I thought the location was great.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>chitowntraveler83
<Content>Loved it!! We stayed here during NBA Allstar Weekend after having problems with another hotel. It was amazing! The room had a king sized bed, couch, table, and desk. Yes, the bathroom was small, but this wasn't home--it served it's purpose (tastefully decorated with granite by the way). There is a lounge on the first floor of the hotel in case you want to relax before going out. One of the best hotels I have stayed at...it's the perfect location...away from the noise but still in the middle of the action. Coming back for the Essence Music Festival...room is already booked there!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cmdnj
<Content>One of the worst Stayed here during NBA All Star weekend, had a bad experience, these rooms are so so small, for 4 people, we were cramped into a closet space, it seemed like. No window, it was a jail cell, or at least i think they can see daylight. It had to chair or table.Get this no clock at all, at least the MOTEL 6 has a clock radio. bathroom small and grungy looking. Guess you gt what you paid for!!! Advertised breakfast, ha, that was a joke, they don't even have a restaraunt at all. Breakfast they offer is small muffins, and coffee, no juices of any kind, everybody does not drink coffee, no tea, no water, no bagels or toast. just a waste of time and energy, plus it is given out in the lobby fron door. How nasty!!.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	2	

<Author>akadiva24
<Content>Terrible stay!       More stains on linens  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>wakeluvr
<Content>Perfect for Mardis Gras! Okay, so it's not the Ritz but this cozy boutique hotel was the perfect place for us to experience Mardis Gras. The location is awesome, right on the parade route which made it super easy for us to take bathroom breaks from bead catching and beer downing. Parking is a challenge and expensive but, the rate we got for the hotel was good enough that we could swing it. It felt very safe and the staff was awesome. We are not very demanding though and pretty easy to please. Hotel could use a little TLC but it was more than adequate for what we needed. We have already booked there again for next year!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>FrugalTraveler50
<Content>Better Then Expected       BED AREA  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Emerald76
<Content>Great for the price! We arrived later in the evening. The lobby was a little loud from the music in the lounge, making it hard to hear the front desk clerk, but check-in was otherwise easy. The room was very small, but recently updated and the beds were comfortable with down comforters and feather pillows. Everything was very clean and quiet. (We were on the 6th floor) We walked 1 block to supper at Shula's (spendy but WONDERFUL!) and in the morning we walked 1 block into the French Quarter for breakfast at Petunia's (again - wonderful food!) I would stay here again if it were a trip with just my husband  I.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Ron_L_64
<Content>Great deal for a solid 3-3.5 star hotel Great value for a nice hotel. Super location on St. Charles, one block from Canal - close but away from most noise. The St. Charles Streetcar is a little noisy, request a corner room (2 walls of windows) on a higher floor. Minimal services but who cares for the price. Avoid valet parking and use one of several garages within a block. Rooms are very small but clean, with comfy beds. Hotel shows some signs of wear - a few carpet tears in hallways, etc. but again, for the price and location this is a great place.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>iluv2travel50
<Content>100% satisfied with the Royal St. Charles I and a group of friends needed 6 rooms for a 3-day weekend in NO. I've stayed before at Choice Hotels in NO and thought the Royal St. Charles would be new but familiar. The price quoted online was $99/nite, which was fine with us. When I called to book the block, the reservation clerk asked how I knew the property and I told him. He said, $99? I can do better than that-- how's $65? I took it but was afraid this hotel wouldn't live up to my Choice experiences. Well, guess what? It DID. In every way. The rooms are small, but adequate and very nicely decorated. Bathrooms are amazingly roomy. Hot water was hot, too! And the hair dryer worked well. The location is a stone's throw from Bourbon Street, but the distance gives you a quiet night's sleep. And the place was pretty crowded, but I never heard a noise while in my room. Staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful, too. I highly recommend the Royal St. Charles and will return there for my next visit!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>easttexas43
<Content>return visit to New Orleans O.K. for the budget vacationer on foot. $47.99 a night, Dec. 18-20. Breakfast is sweet rolls  coffee. No juice, tea, or hot chocolate. Not handy if you don't already know your way around Canal St.  the French Quarter.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>rgs258
<Content>Excellent for the price Booked on bookit.com; very easy.There is nothing bad about this hotel. It has a gym and a computer w/ printer also (good to print your boarding pass).The hotel is missing things that make others hotels more expensive (a restaurant, room service, etc.)Close to french quarter.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>OMEXICO
<Content>We loved the Royal St. Charles! My husband met me here after my convention, and we stayed 3 nights. The location was terrific, just a short walk to the streetcar on Canal St. The staff was extremely helpful, calling cabs for us, and giving tourist info. The room was beautiful, with a fabulous view of the city and river. The bed was exceptionally comfortable, and we really enjoyed our stay. You cannot beat the location!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ms_MImi17
<Content>Not Bad for the Price The room was small but nice. The elevator, however, did break down on our 2nd night there and we had to use to stairs for the remainder of our stay. Enjoyed the bar downstairs and loved the hotel's close proximity to Bourbon St. The valet parking was the worst thing about the hotel. Sometimes it would take as long as 45 minutes to get our car. Other than that, it was a great stay for the price.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>cosailor
<Content>Adequate, but could use some updating. Paid $80.00.Plus: Clean and beds are comfortible. Lot's of channels on the TV and includes a Refrigerator, Iron, Hair Dryer, and a room safe. Very close to the Fench Quarter with a 1 block walk to Canal street and 2 blocks to Bourbon street. Friendly and attentive staff. When a loud party broke out next door the staff handled the noise complaint fast and efficiently so no real loss of sleep resulted. Excellant marks for the staff.Minus: Very small rooms, especially if you get two doubles your bumping into each other. Bathroom needs counter space and better lighting. Over all appearance leaves you wanting for a good updating to get rid of the well worn carpet and tile. The room was clean, but the bed linens have seen their share of laundry cycles. Don't count on the Continental breakfast, it's coffee and small danish only.Opinion: Considering the price for value, this is not a bad choice for a hotel in downtown New Orleans, you could do better at a bigger price, and much worse for the same price.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	5	3	

<Author>tfleming75
<Content>For this price, can't go wrong For the very reasonable price, this hotel was more than expected. The staff was very friendly and helpful and it is within 2 blocks of Bourbon Street. The only drawback was the breakfast buffet--it consisted of danish and coffee-no hot water for tea, but each room does have a coffee/tea maker. The room is perfect for 2 people--any more any you would be crowded. I would definitely stay in this hotel again if going back to New Orleans.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>aphein
<Content>Would stay again I would stay in this hotel again for my next trip to New Orleans. My husband and I got a Queen bed and yes the room was not big but who goes to New Orleans to sit in a hotel room the whole time? It was clean at this place and I am very picky about hotels being clean. The front desk was nice but I must say that on check out day the vallet was horrible. There was only one guy working and about 10 people were checking out and trying to get their car. Finally this poor guy told my husband if he wanted to follow him 2 blocks away he could get our own car instead of waiting on him because it would be awhile. My husband went ahead and did that which was fine with me because it prevented us to sit any longer in the lobby with people who were getting aggravated. But for a weekend out to play in New Orleans this is a good hotel.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Wbalsamo
<Content>Terrible Place I called the hotel and made a reservation for a king non smoking room and even got a confirmation email. When I arrived they lost my reservation and couldn't pull it up with the confirmation number. I used their business office to print the email and the printer took 20 min to print it. After that, the manager swiped my card and said I had a King size room , this was at 2pm but wouldn't let anyone check in til 4... I left to go eat, watch football, have some drinks... came back at 11pm to check in and the bar in the lobby was so loud that I couldn't here the clerk to handle any business... I get to my room and it has 2 DOUBLE BEDS.... AFTER I WAS GAURENTEED A KING JUST HOURS BEFORE... They put us in a King suite after I made an issue about it. He said he had to juggle reservations... and I said I had a reservation.. I swear.. I made more of an effort to get in the right room than anyone that worked at that hotel... When I first walked in... I think i interrupted the guy surfing the web and he did very little to help me with my reservation that they lost... I might understand had I book it through some website... but I called them directly... My room was dirty and the drapes didn't even cover the whole window so light came in the room all night.... they discounted the room 30 dollars which might have covered the tax... I know I spent the better part of 2 hours of my weekend dealing with this and moving my stuff twice. I WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN... AND DO NOT RECOMMEND IT  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Sublimebrad
<Content>Decent hotel, Ive had better though I stayed here for 2 nights. I have stayed at other Clarion boutique hotels in the city before and they were all great. The reason I stayed here this time was because of the price ($49 a night during the week) and the location (1 block from french quarter).The room was decent but the bed wasnt very comfy. It looks like they have done some remodeling but the furniture is old and stained which takes away from the additions they had done.They had a free breakfast in the morning which consisted of apple juice and a pastry each day. No other choices.The staff wasnt very friendly at all except for the valet guys who were nice. Parking is $15 a day valet only and sometimes takes a while to get your car back in the morning.The hotel has a very nice trendy bar but there was no happy hour and the drinks were way overpriced compared to the rest of the city. You can go one block over and get cheap drinks in the quarter.I might stay here again if Im on a budget and the other rooms are booked but it wouldnt be my first choice.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>RobinRRT
<Content>Fabulous Room! We were in NO for a MSU/Tulane football game. We booked this hotel because of the location and the rates. Our room was a fabulous corner room- which I will always ask for in the future. Two walls were all windows with a nice view. The decor was very attractive, and the bed had a down comforter and a very thick and comfortable mattress pad. Our room was unusual in the layout, which made it so likeable. It had a sitting room and around the corner was the bedroom. The hotel is located only 1-2 blocks from the French Quarter and about 3 blocks to Bourbon St. We were actually able to walk to the Super Dome to the football game. It was about 8-10 blocks. Afterwards we took a taxi, which was inexpensive. Overall New Orleans seemed very safe. We walked all throughout the French Quarter during the day time and down Bourbon St. at night. We never felt that we were in any danger. There were plenty of tourist as well as NO police and the Guardian Angels. The only negative comment I would have about the hotel was that the breakfast buffet was very ordinary. I have had better at lesser hotels. The front desk staff were very nice, as well as the valets. There is no pool or restaurant at this hotel, but our room was one of the nicest I have stayed in throughout the south.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>CypressPatterson
<Content>Comfortable The room was small but that was ok because everything was comfortable and nice. The bed was GREAT, the AC worked almost too well, and the towels, hot water, and shower head were perfect. I felt safe there. The property was super clean. Those points are the most important to us, so it easily passed the test . It was also an easy walk to the French Quarter, which is where we were headed. The room's furnishings appeared pretty new, modern, and tastefully appointed. There are only a fewl ittle negatives to mention. There was a coffee maker, but the pot was missing. There was also a nice magnified lighted mirror in the bathroom that was hanging by wires and didn't work. Finally, the window in the room was probably over 6 feet off the floor, and it let in light and you could see the tops of buildings, but you couldn't claim a view, that's for sure. I stood on the bed just to say I looked out. No sweeping views of The Big Easy from that room. The hotel is a boutique hotel, and the cool bar is practically in the lobby. If you don't like the smell of cigarette smoke, then avoid the lobby when the bar is open. Finally, there were some loud, rude guests that were yelling and laughing outside in the hall at 2 am, but they went away pretty quickly. I didn't have to call anyone. But overall, we had a fun weekend, and it was a good experience.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>panaceaNewOrleans
<Content>Sad!!! went to enjoy a dj show in the lounge, purchased a few drinks in cashthen decided to use credit. The bartender rang me up for not just thedrink purchased but also for the drinks that were previously purchased!!! After pointing out the mistake, the bartender (one of three, not even the one who had served me) insisted I was wrong and insisted I pay for the drinks. She said she was willing to take off a drink! WOW, I get to pay for product not even consumed! Worst part is the bartender was tipped over 25% or more per round! Absolutely disgusting, one can't even enjoy a night out in post Katrina NOLA without geting ripped off!!! Shame!!!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DUIguy
<Content>Clean, Convenient, Great Value       From Rue Royal in French Quarter, Hotel in Background  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JJMoneyMan
<Content>Great Location, But a Lot of Drawbacks! While advertising itself as a boutique hotel, this one isn't nearly as chic as the mainstream boutique properties. The rooms are nice but small, the alarm clock may or may NOT work, and the wait for the valet to retrieve your car from the garage (a block away) can be up to a half-hour or more - leaving anxious guests who are trying to make it to the airport on time! They charge a resort free of about $6 a day upon check-in, largely to pay for a really bad continental breakfast. The property is nonsmoking, with the only place to smoke being outside, or at night in their bar that really blasts the music!! Also, the wireless internet connection is slow at best. For a cheap place to stay within a short walk of the French Quarter, I would deem it okay - but VERY inconvenient if you have a rental car and want to be on the go, due to the slow valet service, and your car being locked in a garage.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>travel_lover33
<Content>do not stay there Went to check in and was told that we were not in the computer. Even though we had the paper work. They were no help. Ask to speak to the manager and was told there was none on duty. Were told that the manager would call us and we never heard back. We were lucky to find another hotel to stay in. DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>jocelita
<Content>Great place to stay! Great price for what you get. Make sure to request a room with a balcony and a king size bed. The staff is extremely friendly and the French Quarter is a short walk away.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Diane_SFlorida
<Content>Best hotel for a small price! What a beautiful , luxury hotel for the small price. Staff was all very pleasant and went beyond efforts to make the stay a wonderful experiance. I had booked a king size bed non smoking room originally but ended up bringing my 19 yr old son along. The front desk clerk gave me a room with two beds at no extra charge. I was amazed but then she went on to inform me the there was a daily resort fee of an additonal , I think , $9.95 aday in which I questioned. She told me it was for phone use and wireless internet access. I told her I didn't have a computer with me so she waved that fee also. :) Now let me tell you about the room. It was gorgeous!!!!!!! Modern art on the walls, feather bed pads and comforters, extreme clean every corner and then the bathroom....WOW.....one of the nicest I have seen ...even in a much more expensive hotel. The location was great and within walking distance to everything or at least to the street car lines if you are not a walker. My stay was a wonderful experiance and I had not even got to telling you about the wonderful things to do in New Orleans....:)  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>uberblonde
<Content>Good Value Very comfortable room, although the carpet was old/stained. found the staff to be helpful (if stretched a bit thin). They were very accommodating with my rented bike and holding bags before/after check-in.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>edingtonjim
<Content>can't go wrong This place was a little gem to find for anyone who loves to pop into New Orleans for a few days of fun. If you know Boutique hotels, you know it means no frills, and at the price, we weren't expecting much. when we arrived the place was trendy, clean, and the staff was great. the valet, however, was a little less than efficient to say the least, but the place is within walking distance to everything in the quarter and along the river walk.The rooms were clean and well taken care of, and the beds even had down comforters -- NOT the usuall boutique hotel stuff. We caught Joe, the manager, in the hall way to ask some questions and he took time out to take us around the hotel and explain some the lesser known points and nightspots in the city. we recommend this place to anyone not expecting to pull up into the ritz for under 100 bucks a night.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>ShawnGlenpool
<Content>The Best The Hotel was the best. I plan on going to New Orleans often and I will stay at the Royal St. Charles every time. I can't wait till my next visit.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>karzenx
<Content>Who cares If you've never stayed at a boutique hotel, be prepared for an experience at this place. The hotel itself is a nice place- nice rooms, pleasing to the eye, and a good location. HOWEVER, the staff is a bunch of who cares ignoramasses. The valet's are a separate company and they're terrible. We used valet 3x and waited 40 and 45 minutes two days in a row. The staff did not seem to care. I was constantly reminded Sir, this is a boutique hotel. Oh really? Does that mean service is supposed to suck and staff is a bunch of morons? I had no idea, because I've stayed at hotels throughout the US and Europe. I stayed at a boutique in Vicenza Italy called Hotel De Costello, that to this day was the best place I've ever stayed. of course it helped it had an old European appeal and wonderful people who wanted to help in anyway they could. I booked two supposedly identical rooms, however one room was much smaller with NO WINDOW at the same fee. It was a joke two people in a clsoet like enviroment who could not walk past one another and with no where to put our bags without stepping over them. So, after one night we requested a room similar to the other we booked. It took constant reminding, two front desk people and finally a manger to get us into another room. I hate having to act like a jerk to get something done, but these people beg for a scene in the lobby. They actually argued with us and had a screw you attitude. I've never seen that in any hotel in my life. Just plain weird. The assistant manager at Royal was a good guy and tried to help us out. Don't plan on getting your bags carried, doors opened for you or getting any typical courtesies that you've grown accustomed to at a real hotel. They don't exist here. They couldn't even give us simple directions to anywhere. We always felt like we were inconveniencing them.They do have a really cool bar downstairs called Ohm, which apparently has nothing to do with the hotel. It is in the hotel lobby and no one who worked at the front desk seemed to know anything about hours of operation or anything else about it. Odd. I wouldn't stay there again for free. It's not worth the nonsense you have to go through to get your car or get any issues resolved with your room. If you dare, make sure you ask for a room with a window and plan on doing everything yourself. They don't wait on anyone. BEWARE: They charge a bogus $9.99 per nite fee for local phone and internet access. We have cell phones and our wireless cards picked up NO PAY signals just fine. They have an intranet that intercepts your signal and tries to get you to sign in and pay with a credit card. So, if I was less educated about wireless, I could have ended up paying $8.00/ day on the intra service and the $9.99 for the junk fee. We let the hotel manager know this was a scam and we weren't informed when we booked and prepayed and that we weren't paying for a bogus service like that in 2007. PUHLEEEEASE! That is a joke right? I wouldn't stay there again even for free. Not a shot.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ultranomad
<Content>stuffy room, good hotel if you like form over function First impression of hotel on ground floor was: artsy with a party atmosphere -- bar on first floor is a very cool design, all staff were friendly and attentive. The only option for parking was valet, which was a bit slow, but the hotel location is right next to the French Quarter, so access to your car is only important if you want to explore other areas of the city, such as the Garden District.The room I got was nice looking with a very comfortable bed.Bad part: room was stuffy (the windows don't open -- my ultimate pet peeve in a hotel), air conditioning is centralized and didn't work very well (I had it cranked all the way down). The room smelled intensely like paint -- this in combination with poor ventilation made for poor sleep and insomnia -- I checked out the next morning. This hotel would be good for people who don't mind sleeping in a stuffy, paint-smelling room.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Coder
<Content>A brief but nice stay.       Hotel Front  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sublime1970
<Content>very comfortable bed In terms of an economy botique ethos, Royal St. Charles has some attributes: feather top beds, immaculate high thread count linens, great location for the Quarter. I booked a room on Kayak.com for the night before the Sugar Bowl a month in advance for just over a hundred. Of course parking will set you back another $30 a day (plus tip)  a mandatory internet/phone fee of $10. My WIFI couldn't get a signal ( I was on the top floor, usually the lower ones have weak connections.) The front desk clerk refunded that fee when I asked. I parked the car in a garage down the block for only $15 for 24hrs. Of course I only had one small suitcase to roll for a couple hundred feet...but if you've got several pieces of luggage, you may have to pony up. If you can live w/the rooms being NYC small, you can get a decent deal at this place. P.S. Some business group in Istanbul currently owns this hotel so I had to pay an international conversion fee on my credit card for the charge, but it was less than $5.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	4	4	2	

<Author>MrsdeeNiagaraFalls
<Content>No window! stuck in a box with no window,mean management too Our room was as big as my bathroom at home and get this...had no window!!!Just to find out what the weather was like I had to get dressed and go down to the lobby!We were prepared to let nothing stop us from having a great time,and we did....loved N.O....this place though--we asked to switch rooms and was told yes by a nice girl at front desk and then her mean boss came up behind her to tell her no way.He treated my husband like he was stupid and looked like he was ready to get into an arguement,so we just left it.asked the next day and she said yes and promised us,so we thought we were good...I mean promise...nope,the mean guy laughed at us this time.So we were stuck in a little box with no window our entire stay.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>NEPatsFan58
<Content>Don't stay here unless you want to be yelled at by incompetant management First, the good. I used to live in New Orleans, so I knew I was choosing an average hotel (rooms are fine, if a little cramped), with a great location (one block from Bourbon Street). I had never stayed at the Royal St. Charles, so I did not know what to expect besides that.The Bad. Our party had booked two rooms - one was checking out on Saturday, one staying until Sunday. You would think that this is the type of thing that is routine and manageable by a hotel staff, but you would be wrong. Since they never told us which room was which, on Saturday morning around 11:30am we called down to the desk to find out which room we got to keep and which had to be vacated. The staff put my friend on hold interminably, and when she finally hung up and called back, the very, very rude desk attendant told my friend that they were simply too busy to give us this information and we would have to call THEM back. Which apparently meant we would need to guess at what time would be better for them. At this point, my friend asked for late checkout, since it was 11:30am and checkout on the door said 12 and we didnt know which room we were supposed to pack up and check out of. The guy at the desk said fine to the late checkout - you have until 12. We hung up and double checked the sign on the door, which indeed said normal checkout was at 12. After about 20 minutes and no word, and nearing on 12pm, our late checkout time, I called back and was treated to the same desk attendant, who yelled at me and reprimanded me for calling and asking the same question. I had to ask him not to speak to me like that, and he very snidely said that I was not understand that there were three people at his desk trying to check in. I then explained that we 1) would be happy to wait, but he told my friend we had to be out of the room by 12, no exceptions, and he still hadnt told us which room and 2) were actually planning to go OUT during the day and see New Orleans, not sit around the hotel waiting for him to give us info that was available at the click of a button.The man finally said that we could stay in the room until he called back, which he never did. We finally chose which room we were staying in, went downstairs, and informed and now new desk attendant who had never been updated on what was going on with us, and who was frantically attending a COMPLETELY EMPTY LOBBY as to which room was vacant. No apology for making us wait over an hour, no apology for hiring a staffer who finds it necessary to condescend to and reprimand guests in the hotel.I would never, never, never stay here again. I only stayed here because of the good price, and with service like that I would pay double or triple NOT to relive the experience.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>yellowdriver
<Content>Will NEVER Stay at this Hotel Again!!!! We prepaid for 3 rooms for two nights, 3/31  4/1. We called before leaving on Saturday morning to make sure we could get our rooms next to each other and were told that they would take care of it. We drove 9 1/2 hrs with a party of 10 and when we went to check in we were told that the hotel had overbooked and our rooms were not available. I could hardly believe my ears. They said they were sorry but just because we had a confirmed reservation and had already paid for our rooms, they were not available. They said they would comp us rooms in a different hotel for Saturday night but then we would have to return to their hotel on Sunday because they would have rooms available. When we went to the hotel they sent us to ( a Hampton) we were told they didn't have any double rooms either but after speaking with a manager, she was able to put us in 3 rooms that were set for rennovation and it ended up that these rooms were much larger and nicer than the ones we got at the Royal St. Charles. I spoke with the manager of the Royal St. Charles hotel when we came to check in on Sunday and he said that just because we had a guaranteed reservation it didn't mean that we had a room. What they ended up doing was sell our rooms for probably twice what we had paid online and then didn't care that we didn't have a place to stay except to send us to another hotel which they paid less money for. It was the worst experience I have ever had with any hotel stay. I wouldn't want anyone else to have to go through what we did and that's why I'm posting this.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>navajo2km
<Content>no problems The rooms were very clean and seemed relatively new. The bar in the lobby just re-opened. It was clean but seemed very boring. Not much going on at the hotel. The clerk at the front desk was helpful at night. The dayshift clerk didn't seem to care about ANYTHING. Overall it was worth the stay.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jbdaqueen
<Content>will never stay there again! rooms were very small. housekeeping did a poor job. exhaust fan in bathroom so loud you could not even hear over it. no restaurant, bar only open in the evenings. overall did not like it, did not get my money's worth and will never stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	3	

<Author>aaron613
<Content>Terrible service We stayed at the Royal St Charles for Mardi Gras 2007. The 2 rooms we booked were supposed to be doubles but instead were singles. No king bed, but full beds. The rooms were nice, but small. When I called the front desk about this mix-up in room type, the front desk told me sorry, it's mardi gras and offered to bring extra blankets. For $200/night/room they brought 1 extra pillow and 1 extra blanket to sleep on the floor. Totally unacceptable. Not only was the staff not helpful, but they bordered on rude and put out. Every time I asked for something (more blankets and more pillows, since we were sleeping on the floor) the front desk got huffy and acted put out. Who's the customer here?? For the money, you should stay at a different hotel, either one of the W Hotels would be much better.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>MaxReheat
<Content>Good Choice We did an overnight stay here on a Saturday night during Mardi Gras and what a good choice it was, only 3 mins walk to Bourbon St and access to all the bars, restaurants and clubs, a nice big, clean and comfortable room, good check in and valet service and they let us have a lie in the following morning. The hotel bar was in the middle of being built but was open for business with 2 very pretty barmaids to distract you from from the redecorating work going on around them. As other reveiwers have mentioned there is a resort tax added to your bill but whats the big deal about $10, this city needs all the help it can get. Also the website we booked through overbooked us so we didn't get the 5 twins we requested. Not the hotels fault but they did everything possible to make it more comfortable for us.Security around the French Quarter was excellent with a large police presence everywhere. There were one or two dodgy looking characters around but just keep your wits about you and look out for each other and there is no problem, same as any other big city.Overall as my friend said to me, think of your best night out and double it that was pretty much what we all thought.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>memboy
<Content>Good deal and good location The hotel is a short and safe walk to the French Quarter. Check in was smooth and fairly quick. The clerk was friendly and helpful. The elevators were fast, and I never had to wait more than five to ten seconds for one. The room was somewhat small but attractive and cozy. The decor was modern and up to date. The room was sparkling clean and had a new smell. The mattress was very comfortable and had a feather top. There was a nice down comforter and plenty of pillows. The bathroom was very adequate. Neutrogena products (shampoo, conditioner, and lotion) were provided. The room description said robes were provided, but there was not one. The exhaust fan in the bathroom was loud and cranky. I could not hear a thing when it was on-- and it was impossible to turn off when I was in the bathroom as it came on automatically whenever the light was turned on. The coffee maker was a weird one-cup contraption with no pot. never really figured it out, and there were no instructions provided. The room had no window, but I did not require one. The breakfast buffet is continental-- several pastries and cereals and yogurts are offered as well as croissants and coffee and juices. The maid service was good. I returned to a clean and good smelling room every evening. The TV and remote worked very well. No fuzzy channels. The Thermostat was easy to control and climate control worked well. Checkout was fast and easy.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>gmg1130g
<Content>New Orleans is back! 1/30/2007Gary Griffin-Columbus,Ga. My wife and I stayed two nights pre cruise and one night after our cruise .I found the hotel very nice and the people working there very cordial and pleasant to talk to.Many of these people had lost everything to hurricane Katrina yet they all were very pleasant.I would recommend this hotel to any one.They provide a very nice breakfast buffet.Close to French Quarters and many fine restaurants within walking distance.We will return.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sneezySanFrancisco
<Content>Small rooms, but watch the "resort fee"! The Royal St. Charles is in a good location next to the French Quarter. The rooms are small, but they were clean and I do not spend much time in the hotel room so that was okay.Their online price is good but they add on an additional $9.95 per day resort fee which angered me and all the other patrons in the hotel. When I called them about the resort fee they said it was not optional and it did not appear on expedia.com where I booked it but that it did appear on most of the others including theirs. That was a lie! I went back and checked orbitz and hotels.com and I even booked another night through the Royal St. Charles own website and I was still charged the extra $9.95 resort fee on top of they room fee of $69. If you stay there just be prepared and complain. Maybe they'll wise up.Even with the resort fee the room price is not bad for New Orleans and the staff was very nice and very patient with all of the complianing about the resort fee.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>gee_lady
<Content>Ripped off! Thought we found a great deal on Continental at $69 a night for an upscale New Orleans hotel, but we paid for it in the end. Continental apparently books third party through Travelocity, which we didn't find out until we arrived... then the fees started to add up. Continental pre-charged my cc for the $69, plus tax. What they don't tell you is that any service fees that may be extra are in fact mandatory fees. Upon arrival we ran into a resort fee of $9.95 and then an internet booking fee of $2.95 and then if you bring a car, be prepared to pay! The only reason we got a rental car was that the hotel was very reasonable. The car was $40 per day. If you want to park your car at the hotel, there is a mandatory valet parking fee of $29.12 per night!! Yes, per night!! That's almost as much as the car! They don't have their own parking lot and use a parking garage. We were told by the manager that we were not responsible to pay the resort fee since we booked online, but when we got home, it was on our cc! We never even signed anything! Also, when I called, they told me they would credit the $9.95, but it's been a week and no credit yet! Be careful where you go there, everything is extra. The online booking tools do not disclose these specific fees, so make sure you call the hotel before booking anything and ask for all the details. It will be a cold day when I deal with an internet booking tool again without investigating with the hotel first!! This particular hotel is normally about $119 per night. I think if you add the fees to the $69 special, it's just about there. Also, the people are near impossible at the desk to squeeze a nickle back out of! They will really argue with you and bascially say it's your problem. What ever happened to the customer is always right?! Besides, you would think New Orleans would want to bring in business, not scare it away!!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>thebulldognc
<Content>Great for the Price My wife and I were visiting Children now living in New Orleans while at Tulane. We stayed four days at the Royal St. Charles and thought that it was very nice. The staff was excellent, the room was clean and comfortable. Breakfast was very sufficient and maintained by a pleasant staff. The car valets were quick and ready to serve. We enjoyed our stay at a hotel that was intended to offer a nights sleep in comfort.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>christyb2006
<Content>stay away from royal st charles It was my husbands birthday and a few of us got together to plan to stay and party in new orleans. So my husband chose for us to syay at the royal st charles. We arrived and checked in and the room seemed to be ok. The room had a mini bar (NOT). the mini bar was empty. Well ok no big deal right? So we all got dressed to go out on the town and called down to the front desk for them to bring us a roll-a-way bed for the room and they said they would.(NOT) They never brought one. so one of our guest slept on the floor. so the next day we called down for them to bring us one again and then they tell us they stopped using roll-a-way beds. so once again our guest slept on the floor. So we don't suggest staying there if theirs more the two people and they don't have alot of the stuff they say they have and they like to CHANGE THE PRICES WITHOUT TELLING YOU !!!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>Happy_2_Traveler
<Content>Great Time in New Orleans As per one of the other written reviews, the description of the room, and service was exactly described. The rooms were better than what I expected (feathered bedspreads), and the hotel service was super! The rooms were small, but this made it even cozier. I had no problems sleeping. I do have one correction to the other person's review about the coffee maker not having a pot. This mini-coffee maker was made to make 1-cup at a time. It was design to place a cup under the coffee-maker instead of a pot. The cups were near the coffee-maker.We spent 3 nights at the Royal St. Charles hotel, and loved every minute. The location was perfect (1 blk from Canal St), and 4 blks from Harrah's Casino. The crowds were small, which made it better for us (pushing a stroller with my granddaughter in it). Overall, we had a good time in New Orleans. My 3yr. old grand-daugrhter would wake up early in the morning, open the drapes, and say to us wake up, It's a wonderful day!.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value My husband and I stayed at the Royal St. Charles during Jazz Fest 2006 and could not have made a better hotel selection. We booked online and got a real deal but even at their regular rates this hotel is a bargain. The location is perfect. We did not expect to have all the services available, as we assumed the hotel would be understaffed. But we were pleasantly surprised to receive maid service every day. The entire staff from front desk to valet and bartender were efficient and cordial. (and some of these folks lost everything they owned in Katrina). The rooms are small, as are most boutique hotels, but well decorated and spotless. I'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tat8er
<Content>Falls very short of its description I found descriptions of this hotel at the hotel's website and at the Clarion by Choice's website. I made a reservation at the latter site. The disparity in the glowing descriptions versus the reality of the property would be funny if the price were not so expensive. Since a friend and I stayed at this hotel during Jazz Fest 2006 we paid a dear price, which had to be paid up front at the time of reservation, and our sense of humor was at a low point.If this hotel touted itself as a one- or two- star property, and charged accordingly, I would not have blinked. As it is, this hotel fancies itself as a luxurious boutique hotel. They claim to have spacious rooms but, as other reviewers have pointed out, the rooms are very compact. Our room had two double beds (and a window, which I hear is not always available). The beds were each against a wall, and the space between the beds was only wide enough for a bedside table. In other words, perhaps a meter between the beds. The desk was located at the end of the beds, with an armoire on each side. The space from the foot of the beds to the desk was probably three feet. Wide enough to maneuver as long as the armoire's doors or drawers were closed.The room was clean. Although it was labeled non-smoking there was a smoke aroma, probably from a shared venting system. We bought a scented candle and burned it while in the room, and that helped alot. The AC was powerful but came at a price. While the AC was running there was a loud high-pitched sound. At first we thought it was an alarm in the outside corridor, but when we investigated we discovered it was coming from our ceiling AC vent. We checked another room and found the same problem. Every time the cooling unit cycles off (every five minutes or less) it did so with a tremendous bang, like someone had just angrily slammed our room door. We resorted to ear plugs for sleeping.The hotel says it has bathrobes but like other reviewers have noted, we found none. The furniture is supposedly handmade but we found it cheap and flimsy. The bedside radio clock flashed endlessly as it kept coming unplugged. The reason? The socket was at the head of my bed and the mattress pushed against it. Every time I sat on the bed the clock came unplugged. We could not move the plug as it was inserted through the bedside table. To move it we would have had to dismantle the table. The wireless internet costs $8 a day and was not worth a cent. It was a weak signal and dropped my connection every 3 - 5 minutes. The TV worked great, and had a good selection of channels. You will be charged $2 a day for the room safe. It was just a bit too small for my laptop to fit inside, but smaller laptop would likely fit. Our room had no book listing hotel services, no phone book, and no Do Not Disturb sign. Small things, but annoying. Our phone was dead after the first day, too. Not sure why, but since we had cell phones we didn't investigate.The bathroom was clean and well-appointed with a bathtub, shower, good water pressure and plenty of hot water. There was a hairdryer and makeup mirror. The towels were of good quality and the amenities are from 'Bed and Bath.'The beds were comfortable, had duvets and 5 pillows each.The coffee maker has no carafe but brews coffee into a coffee cup, using a prepackaged coffee filter the size of a tea bag. It was impossible for me to use my own coffee in this machine. I tried, and only made a mess.There is a bar at the first floor lobby but no evidence of breakfast -- continental or otherwise. There are, of course, many places to get great food nearby. The streetcars that travel St. Charles at the front of this hotel were ruined during Katrina, so were not running. They are going to return, eventually. In any case, Canal Street with it's many bus connections and streetcar is only 1 block away.The biggest problem we faced here, besides the Jazz Fest inflated prices, was lack of customer service. We had reserved a non-smoking room with two beds. When I called the hotel prior to our arrival I was informed they would not and could not guarantee two beds or non-smoking. I was persistant, contacting the Clarion customer service folks who assured me that we were guaranteed the room we had reserved or that the hotel would make other arrangements. The hotel did, eventually, guarantee us a room but I would certainly check before arrival if room type or number of beds was important.The hotel has key cards, and doors have dead bolts with additional fold-over security latches. There were three efficient elevators. We did not see any bell staff during our stay, and no noticable security presence. Non-guests seemed to be wandering the hotel at leisure, and even smoking in the elevators, with no one to challenge them. The so-called mini-bar in our room was actually a dorm sized refrigerator. It was not stocked but the front desk gave us a key so we could use it. The website says fridges are available for rental, but we were told not. In any case, we had what we needed.In short, if this was the only hotel available in the area AND had a good rate I'd recommend it. If you can get a better managed, more guest-friendly hotel go for it.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>jaonyc
<Content>Royal mess ! Had a confirmed reservation but hotel would not honor. They said all rooms rented to FEMA workers  displaced families. This I understand, but staff was rude and unhelpful. They suggested I walk in the neighborhood to find another room. Only after insisting and contacting online hotel vendor did they offer help. They need to remember they are in the hospitality business and need basic customer service skills.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jamesla
<Content>overall a deal after booking the room, i read some reviews and felt i had made a bad choice .but after reading the reviews, i knew what to expect. the hotel is art deco and the emplyees are the same..we were treated very nicely and offered an upgrade to a suite for $15.00 a night extra. the upgrade was a very nice room and larger than our booked room..the location is excellent the street car is behind the hotel and bourbon street is behind the street car...the casino and the river is all in walking distance....and if you can't walk the street cars go north,south,east and west..this is a very modern art deco hotel and the employees match the hotel.....if you are looking for great southern hospitality, sit down with us and have a glass of ice tea ,this is not the place for you. we enjoyed our stay at the royal st. charles and will stay there again....  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay Spent three nights there (be sure to upgrade). Very good value for the price - yes parking is expensive but hotel in convenient so you never have to get car out once it's parked. Rooms are small but very nice - hotel staff was more than helpful. We'll stay there again!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cheritoe
<Content>Convenience and comfort We stayed in March 2005 for 4 nights. Plenty of room. Comfy bed. A couple of blocks away from the French qtr - an easy walk and far enough away from the madness for some peace and quiet when we wanted it. Right on the streetcar line- made getting around the city easy. Loved the Bath  Body Works products that came with the room. Great service from the front desk.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel for the money. We arrived at the hotel on Sunday, April 10, 2005. The Valet service and check in was easy and handled nicely. Our check in was very smooth and we were in the room in Five (5) minutes. The staff was extremely nice and were very professional. The room and bath were very clean. Our Three (3) day stay was without frustration. We walked to all sites, including Harrahs, Bourbon St. Cafe Du Monde, Preservation Hall and the French Market. We recommend the Royal St. Charles to anyone especially those that like to be near most activities. As an added tip, try Felix's Oyster Bar for reasonable raw oysters on the half shell.UUUMMM.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Fallspirit
<Content>Very Pleased - GREAT LOCATION After reading many negative reviews we were hesitant to book but decided to risk it because of the price and was prepared for the worse, however, WE WERE SO PLEASED with our choice (which is why I am taking the time to write-up a positive review). Literally accross the street from the Quarter, and in my opinion a better location than being in the Quarter because you don't have to deal with the all night noise. Basically a 2 minute walk or less to Bourbon Street. We went the last week in December through New Years. Booked on hotels for a great rate. Rooms were clean, small, but nothing to cry over. Note: we didn't have a car so there weren't any parking issues. Hope this helps.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>White_Rock_Sonia
<Content>Great Location Stayed at this hotel Mar 5- 10/05. Found the room to be small - but were expecting that from previous reviews. Location was excellent. Within walking distance of everything including Bourbon St, Royal Ave etc. Staff were friendly and helpful. I have no complaints and would stay there again. The only negative thing I can say is that the one day that I ate breakfast there, there wasn't much left and they didn't have any forks! But it was still a better deal than going out to a restaurant.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay We stayed at the Royal St. Charles from March 3 thru March 7, 2005 and thought the location was great. The cable car is right outside the door. We walked to Jackson Square, Bourbon Street, Riverwalk, Harrah's, etc. several times each day. The staff was always very friendly and helpful, greeting us everytime we walked thru the lobby. The rooms are clean and nicely decorated, but very small. However, we basically just slept there, so it wasn't much of a problem. The lobby bar was a nice place to recap the days events with our friends and get our game plan ready for the next day before going up to our rooms. If we ever visit New Orleans again, we will definitely return to the Royal St. Charles.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tiny Tiny Rooms But Clean If you're paying more than $60-80/night for this place then you could probably get something nicer. I had to pay about twice that since there was a conference in town. The one saving grace was that it was clean. The bad points... it is extremely SMALL... and I've stayed at quite a few places in New Orleans, and this is TINY. It was also extremely noisy. The walls are extremely thin and you can hear everything in the hallways. Yes, there is a mandatory $1.95/night safe charge which is ridiculous because no one uses it... and they didn't even mention it when I checked in. The location is great, right outside the French Quarter.A friend of mine stayed at the Astor Crown Hotel and it was nice. I've also stayed at Iberville once and that was larger and nicer as well. The Holiday Inn French Quarter was even smaller than this place. For slightly higher or even the same price if you search right, you could definitely stay in a nice place. Don't get roped in by the word boutique... it was not boutiqueish in any way except the size.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice clean room I stayed at the Royal St. Charles from Feb 14 - Feb 20, 2005. Check-in was smooth - the desk clerk was not unfriendly, but merely business-like. I was in a fifth-floor interior non-smoking room, with glass blocks instead of a window - the lack of a view was fine with me, as I spent most of the time at a convention or out on the town with friends.Clean modern room with a king-size bed, TV with remote, iron and ironing board, hair dryer. Good reception for my cell phone - I only used the room phone to call inside the hotel. Bathroom with pedestal sink was a bit small, but clean. No broken items, but the shower head was quite weak.Housekeeping was good, fresh towels each day, and the bed made. I did not eat breakfast at the hotel, which had an extra charge.The fifth floor had a few smoking rooms, and I smelled cigarette smoke in the hallways a couple of times. Otherwise, I didn't see, hear or smell other guests except for a few times in the corridor or at the elevators.The infamous internet booking fee and daily safe fee were extra - yeah, fine, whatever.Overall, my experience was positive, but I still prefer Hampton Inn or Embassy Suites.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ktscott01
<Content>Not impressed at all. The reason we stayed at this hotel was the price and location. We wanted something for a Bachelor party that was very close to Bourbon that had a good price. This hotel met both criteria.Overall I wasn't very impressed at all with this hotel. The look of the hotel is very modern and nice so I figured it would be a lot better. We had a 3 double rooms and they are all average size. The beds were very soft but not that uncomfortable. They had a huge TV center that had your TV, mirror, desk and 2 closets. The bathrooms were a nice size but the shower head was horrible.I'm not tall at all, 5'9, but the head was places at about 5' high on the wall so I had to lean over to wash my hair. It was a real pain in the butt. Also the pedestal sink was broke and the bowl on the top was close to falling off. With the pedestal sink there was no counter but a shelf that was about 6 wide and ran the length of the bathroom so if you have a lot to spread out it will be hard. Another bathroom problem was in a friends room the toilet seat cover wasn't even attached to the toilet so it just fell off on the floor.We checked in at about 11pm and the guy that checked us in wasn't very friendly at all. First he stared at us standing at the door to get in like we were trying to rob the place with all our luggage in tow. After he let us in I don't think he said more then 2 words the whole time. It was the same thing when we checked out. Not very friendly at all and didn't talk.One night I had forgot my key in the room so I had to get a replacement and that guy wasn't even friendly. It was an inconvenience for him to get off the cell phone and do his job. Plus after I got the key and thought about it he never checked my OD to make sure it was my room.The biggest thing that made me mad was after I got home and looked at the bill closer there was a 1.95 a day charge for a safe warranty. I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW THERE WAS A SAFE IN THE ROOM! No one said a word to me about a safe.I'm done with the Royal St. Charles and I suggest if there is another choice for a few $ more go ahead and take it. I'd suggest the Hampton Inn on Carondolet. We stayed there a few years ago and it was fantastic.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>big bang for the buck After reading several negative reviews, I was hesitant about staying here but we found the Hotel to be great. It was nice, clean and the location was perfect. This hotel helped to produce a perfect trip to New Orleans. For the price, you cant beat it. Do not hesitate to stay here  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mini131
<Content>Not as bad as some reviews suggest We were expecting the worst after reading the reviews but were pleasantly surprised. We had a room on 3rd floor that was supposed to be accessible for the disabled, but I'm not sure a wheelchair would have got in. Everything was nice and clean, room was cleaned on daily basis and towels changed. On one day we did not want housekeeping we had a call from the Manager to check everything was ok. Did hear people coming and going occassionally in the corridor and the music playing by the lifts in the middle of the night was alittle annoying but nothing drastic.Safe charges($1.95 per night) and internet booking charge($2.95) was displayed on counter - these were minimal and you would pay for use of a safe in most hotels. On checking out everything was clearly itemised and correct. I made a number of telephone calls via a prepaid phone card and was only charged 75c each time.Perhaps we were just lucky not to have any problems, the staff were fine, a bit laid back, some were friendlier than others, as we found most people were in NOLA. Basically the hotel was ideal for seeing the sights of New Orleans - resting/sleeping and showering/changing. Good location and pleasant foyer that was always manned.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So-so My wife and I recently spent three nights here. Due to price and previous reviews, did not have high expectations. First impression was poor - though one block off Canal Street, the immediate area around the entrance is run-down and neglected. Lobby area is quite presentable, interior halls are well decorated and maintained. We had not expected a large room, so were not surprised to find our 9th floor room to be quite small, with room for only a double bed, although we had requested a king. Furnishings were quite attractive, mostly art deco, and the bathroom, although small, was quite elegant, with modern fixtures. We were aghast by the window - or absence of one! No doubt because of the special web price, we were assigned an inside room, which would normally face the interior well of the building. But the view must have been so inferior that the window panes were thick opaque glass, so we were saved from what must have been a very unsavory view! This caused the room to be quite dark, however, and the 40-watt bulbs in all the lamps didn't help. The room's inside location kept street noises out completely, but the thin walls allowed the slightest noise and conversation to be heard from next door.Service from front desk personel was abysmal in each of the contacts we had with them. Without being actually rude, they were abrupt, unwelcoming, unhelpful, unresponsive, and eye-contact was non-existent. Upon checking in, I asked if breakfast was included in the room rate, as indicated on the website. The answer was a curt no. I mentioned that the website showed breakfast to be included, and the response was simply a shrug. The doormen, on the other hand were excellent - quickly on the spot to obtain taxis, and load bags for the trip to the airport.Philosophically we accepted you get what you pay for, and for $79 in New Orleans this was it. On the other hand, the location is wonderfully central - a few minutes walking distance to everything, and the St Charles streetcar stops right at the entrance.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frozensky
<Content>Average experience I stayed here during November of 2002. The hotels is very decent and clean, but there's nothing unique about it's decor. The room was surprisingly tiny. The good thing is that it's very close to the French Quarter by walking. Expensive parking (all valet), but then again that's true with every hotel there.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing is royal at the Royal St. Charles. The rate was not honored, the number of beds was not honored, and the pitiful inflatable mattress they offered (at an ADDITIONAL charge, even though I was guaranteed 2 beds) kept deflating hourly throughout the night. Then the toilet overflowed in the middle of the night, and it took hours and hours to get maintenance in to fix. Management very unconcerned, though not rude. Rather, just disinterested. I stay in NOLA dozens of nights a year and will never stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience This is a great value! The hotel is just beautiful. The rooms a bit small, but all nicely decorated and cozy. The location is also great. Walking distance from all main New Orleans attractions. And the staff was the best.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kcarp
<Content>Nice Stay I have stayed at a lot of hotels in the French Quarter over the last 20 years. This hotel is an average hotel and people that complain about this place you get what you pay for. I picked the hotel because I got a rate of $93 a night for the weekend of Oct. 16  17. One thing about the RSC its right in the middle of everything, which is very nice when you don鈥檛 feel like walking to far. I did stay in a Suite and the rooms are a little bit bigger, but still small. From the reviews I read on this hotel, I was surprised to find the staff most helpful in everything I asked for. I don鈥檛 want to repeat everything everyone else said about this place, but if Bourbon St. is your destination this is the place to stay. Also Superdome is not a bad walk either. If you have any questions feel free to email me at kcarp7@lycos.com  
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great City, Terrible Hotel We just completed a 5 day stay at this hotel. As noted in previous reviews, the hidden' charges for the room safe seemed inappropriate. Also, in my inquiries prior to the trip, I was quoted a cheaper rate for valet parking and it ended up being higher. Our room had filthy, stained carpeting. The room was so small that it was impossible to fully open the drawers because the end of the bed was too close to the closet door. This hotel was advertised as a 'boutique' hotel so one would expect smaller rooms. Doesn't it make sense to select furniture to fit the room dimensions? NOT HERE !!!I reserved the room via the internet and later learned this hotel had a frequent stay program. I was informed that I could apply our stay to this program. At check-in, my frequent stay number was recorded. During check out, I requested that our statement be updated to acknowledge my membership in their frequent stay program. I was informed that our stay was ineligible PERIOD. There was not one ounce of diplomacy, reasoning or compromise that was offered by the clerk to help me understand the rationale for the miscommunication. Disinterest and rigidity was clearly the presona of the desk staff at checkin/out.We were not expecting the ROYAL treatment based on the room rates. Unfortunately, basic elements of hospitality, helpfulness and cleanliness were clearly not priorities of this establishment. (I stayed at this hotel 2 years ago and found it to be very pleasant. What went wrong??)  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SDSpartan
<Content>Ignore the bad reviews I was somewhat concerned when I read some of the other reviews before my stay. I would say that most of them were not an accurate reflection of our stay. We had a wonderful room, extemely quiet, on the 7th floor. We did upgrade to a Jr suite for a reasonable premium. The room was lovely, with a large king bed and nice linens. The bathroom was ok, nice, clean but a little on the small side. I know it's a boutique hotel and expected it would be small. The staff was friendly and helpful. The bar was ok but was open only limited hours. They did have nice live music Friday and Saturday nights. The room was very clean and had wonderful windows. The carpets in the hallway were ok - a little worn looking. The location was pretty good. Just one block from Canal street and the French Quarter. I would definately recommend a stay here if you don't need to be right in the Quarter. The downside was that there was not a lot of restaurants/bars open in the evening in the direct vicinity. The only real complaint was that there was not hot water in the shower. Appears that availability of hot water varies. Not really appectable at a supposedly renovated hotel. Other than that we had a great stay.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>onbusiness2
<Content>Not pleased I had several rooms booked here for a convention. From the hotel homepage, I thought our stay would have several amenities and that the rooms would be spacious. We had problems checking in although we had confirmations, the rooms were small, the front desk seemed as if they were bothered by our checkin. The fellow who parked our car gave us most of the information that we needed, how to later get our car, taxi, nearby dining. Upon checkin we were told that parking had to be paid separately from our normal payment. They wanted cash and some of the conference attendees paid it. However, a new person at the desk when we checked out asked if we wanted to include parking on the card?? The location was very good if you were going down Bourbon, but, considering the cost and the checkin: we will not stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel This is a great hotel, with a great location which can't be beat for the price. To address the people who said the room was small, hence the reason it is called a boutique hotel, that means the rooms are smaller, if you come from a city with some of these hotels you will understand. In regards to the complaints about the staff, the front desk was fine, I don't know why u would have anymore interaction with them other than to check in/out and a question or 2. The bar staff was great the one bartender even reopened the bar at 5:00am when he was closing, for my friends and I and a couple of other people, just because we asked him to. He stayed open till 8:30am, if thats not hospitality then I don't know what is. I've been to Nawlins 4 times in the past year and half and am going back in october, and would stay here again any time.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More trouble than it's worth Great location and fair rooms BUT, front desk staff was pathetic. Hidden charges on safe, internet connection (nethier of which we asked for or wanted) and a bogus long distance charge which was only removed upon proving my cell had national coverage. Charges were really minor from a monetary standpoint but who needs the hassle. The poor attitude was in stark contrast to very friendly shopkeepers and residents.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay here only if you can deal with some bad attitudes.. Just came back from spending Memorial Day weekend at the Royal St. Charles in New Orleans. I was very hesitant about staying there after readings the reviews, but I thought the rate was a great value considering the location. I have to say, the woman who checked us in was not friendly at all, she never smiled  I don't think she ever looked up to make eye contact with either my husband or I. When we got to our room, the keys weren't working  it took about 15 minutes before anyone came to let us in. The room was small, but nice. They advertise a bath robe in every room, but there wasn't one in ours. I asked for one twice (on different days) and never got it. I'm giving them 3 stars because I loved the location  40% of the staff seemed nice and human!   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dealluvr
<Content>A great week-end getaway! I must admit I was a little apprehensive about our upcoming stay at the RSC after reading several negative reviews on tripadvisor.com. But I am happy to report that my husband and I had a terrific long week-end in the Big Easy (just got home today) and the RSC is, in my opinion, the best deal in town.OK, true, the room was small, but we figured if you are in New Orleans, who wants to spend too much time in the room? It was clean and neat and we really liked the Art-Deco feel. And yes, walls were thin. We noticed this at 4:30 a.m. the first night when our neighbor couple began having a very heated discussion. Obviously too much partying on Bourbon Street for those two. Luckily they checked out the next morning...no problems after that!The RSC is very easy walking distance to the French Quarter and many good restaurants were close by. The hotel is 11 stories high and had 3 very efficient elevators -- never a wait to get to the room and the place was booked all week-end.The bar was well-stocked and comfortable seating was all around. Another plus was the trolley stop being just outside the front door -- The highlight had to be the concierge, though. He was the greatest -- friendly and helpful at all times. Will definitely stay at the RSC next time in NOLA.  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BIG Headache AWFUL experience. We stayed for two nights. The first night --the air conditioner was broken and no one was availabe to fix it. The next morning they moved us to another room. The room was better--but when we went down that morning to get our car--they couldn't find it. After an hour they admitted the found my car but had lost the keys. The finally had to tow the car to a dealership and have a new set of keys made. This took another six hours. They apologized but didn't even so much as buy our lunch.They claimed that it was not their fault because they use a seperate company to park their cars. Totally unacceptable!! DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!  
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MardiGras05
<Content>Excellent Location Stayed at the Royal St. Charles for the first weekend of Mardi Gras 2004. We arrived during a fairly heavy rainstorm just as one of the parades was rolling on St. Charles Ave. I called the hotel so that they could suggest the best route to get there since numerous streets were closed off. They directed us to their parking garage, had a bellhop waiting for us and promptly walked us to the hotel. Even though we had arrived a couple of hours early, we were quickly checked in and offered an upgrade ($40 per day) to a room with a balcony view of the parade. The room, though small, was nicely appointed and very clean. The location of the hotel is great. It is right on the parade route, across the street from the French Qtr, and a just a few blocks away from Harrah's Casino. Although we never had a need to request anything, the staff was always friendly and greeted us with smile. I will definitley stay here again when I return.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mojl
<Content>Do not stay at the Royal St. Charles I was in New Orleans last weekend for Jazzfest. When we went to check into the RSC, we were told that the hotel was full and that they would have to put us in another (lesser) hotel further from the Quarter.We protested and said that we had reservations (and had for 4 months) and that if we were going to be moved it was going to be to the Hotel Monteleone (where we stayed last year and wish that we had stayed again this year -- after all of the extra fees that the RSC adds on to the price, we didn't end up saving much at all), the gentleman at the desk was sure that there were no rooms there, but when we asked him to call to find out, there were rooms available, and he then told the person at the other end of the line that he would have to call them back and told us, that he DID in fact have a room for us and an adjoining room for our friends who were checking in the next day and that everything was all set. 5 minutes prior he had told us that there wasn't a single room available. There was never any apology.The next day when our friends checked into the adjoining room, they were told that they could not get the adjoining room that was promised to us at the time of booking and that in fact there were no rooms on the 6th floor at all (note: this was a different front desk person than we had spoken to the prior day). Finally, after they asked why this had happened and what could be done to fix the problem, a room mysteriously opened up on the 6th floor.The two other problems that we had with the hotel was that one day we went up to the room and our room keys didn't work. When we went down to the front desk, we were told that they were demagnified, it happens all of the time I find it very strange that both keys were just accidentally demagnified. And one day our room was not cleaned. There were new towels in the bathroom, but the old ones hadn't been taken away and the beds weren't made.We never did get adjoining rooms and I wish that I had followed my instinct and left the hotel even though they found a room for us after half an hour of haggling. I am sorry that I gave them a penny of my money and I strongly recommend staying elsewhere.We were not the only ones having problems at check-in time. There were at least 2 other parties who were being moved to other hotels.All in all, the hotel was very unorganized and a HUGE disappointment.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not happy As others have stated, there were surprise fees for the room (use of Safe {didn't use}, internet booking fee, etc) these were added to our bill at checkout, when we had already paid the bill ahead at the time we made the reservations. Service was terrible. Asked for an extra pillow we don't have any ??????? Didn't get coffee service after the first day, even though we specifically asked for it, and we were told we would get it. Room was not vacuumed the entire 4 day stay. Hall carpets badly stained, in room carpet moderately stained. Upside was the beds were pretty comfortable and the bathroom was clean.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveling_fr0m_TX
<Content>great location This hotel is located just one block outside the French Quarter - easy to walk, but also removed enough so that you don't have to hear or see the excessiveness the FQ can bring. Also right on the streetcar line for an easy trip to the Garden District. Suite was a bit small, but well-appointed.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Away From This One! My family stayed at this hotel last week. They didn't want to honor our room request ( N/S double for 4 people) they claimed that all they had left was a King smoking. When I asked to be walked to a different hotel, they suddenly found a room. When we arrived in our room, it was very small, the linens were in bad shape, you could see the mattress through the bottom sheet. Wallpaper next to bed was badly marked on. I am not convinced that the room itself was clean. We were very dissatisfied with this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Traveler5686
<Content>Basically, a good buy My wife and I booked into the RSC not once, but twice. Having not been to NOLA in over 20 years I decided to treat my wife to her first visit to NO and Mardi Gras in Feb. '03. After searching all the online travel agencies, I was sold on two hotels, the RSC and another. I chose the RSC, the price seemed right and the location, for our purposes, was fantastic. The RSC in on the streetcar line, on the parade routes, 1 block from the French Quarter, 7 blocks from Harrah's Casino. In the 20 years since I had been in NO, there were hotels in places that 20 years ago were REAL BUSINESSES. (Department Stores, etc) Back to the RSC. The rooms ARE small, but in NO, how much time are you going to spend in your room? If you are concerned about the size of the room and are going to remain in your room why go to NO? In Feb. '03 the staff was very attentive and took care of our request in a timely manner. On our second visit in Oct. '03 the desk staff had totally changed and the staff was not nearly as attentive. Also, when we checked out in October, we were charged for a room safe (which we didn't request or use), we were charged for booking over the internet and a couple of other incidental charges that added about 25$ to our bill. Those charges, plus the 13% room tax that the city charges the hotel add up. But the RSC is still a good deal and we would stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lack of hotel guides/info The hotel was very nice, room was small, but sufficient. My complaint is that the hotel staff were friendly but not knowledgable their own services, such as phone use/costs and TV movie rental costs and services. No information in the room regarding use of safe or hotel amenities.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Incline
<Content>Beautiful The hotel was simply beautifull. The staff went above and beyond several times during my weekend stay. If you want to stay in a nice hotel where you are not lost in the crowd, this is it. The bar had live music on Friday night, in which we had such a great time. The drink prices were so reasonable compared to the Marriott down the street. I booked online, and at checkin they offered to upgrade me into a beautiful suite. Because of previous reviews I was afraid of the parking situation, but the desk clerks told me that they had changed valet companies. I had no problems with my car. I'm glad they changed to another company. I loved this hotel, especially because it is not affiliated with any major chain, so it doesn't have a feel of Corporate America out to get your money.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean and Cheap! We stayed in this hotel for three nights in February of 2002. This hotel is in a good area - close to the action of the French Quarter, but away from the noise. The neighborhood is kind of iffy, but not so unsafe that I felt really uncomfortable walking around by myself. The St. Charles streetcar stops in front of the hotel. We were there a few days after Mardi Gras - there were beads on top of the streetcars that we could see from our window above. The lobby is very spare. The rooms are very small, but very clean. There was a continental breakfast laid out in the lobby that we did not expect - the sweet potato muffins were fantastic! We paid about $89/night - well worth the money.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Went during Mardi Gra's. Everyone of the Staff, Dan, Ken/ Absolutely no question that this hotel has a GREAT STAFF. Hotel is very convenient to all. Within waking distance of several goo food  shopping. I would not stay any other place. Thanks to everyone at hotel for taking care of us.from Santa Ana, CA.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never go ever!!!!! This was the WORST hotel experience I have ever had. The room was fine. But to make a long story short, I payed $25 for a Valet service that was not provided. My car (filled with all my possessions) was left out on the street in New Orleans overnight (even after I noticed twice that they had yet to park it and mentioned it to the desk clerk who continuously told me they were right on it) !!!! The back window was broken out and $500 dollars worth of personal property were stolen. I was not notified of this until the next morning when I went to leave (though a parker had claimed that it had happened in the middle of the night). After 6 months, I was FINALLY able to get money back for the window but I will NEVER see the $500. If you value your car and your belongings, stay away!!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Heartburn
<Content>Handicap Accessibility Info We stayed at this hotel in June, 2002, with a 77 year old in a wheelchair. The staff was very accmmodating on several ocassions. We were expecting a package with medical supplies and the staff did not mind being bothered several times a day until it finally arrived. Also, the wheelchair needed an adjustment while we were there and the maintenance staff could not have been nicer.While the room and closets were smaller than usual, the HC bathroom was fantastic! If you are in a wheelchair, this is a very good hotel. The sidewalks and streets of N.O. are a challenge, so a small room is nothing compared to the jostling of the bumpy ground beneath.The breakfast was a basic continental breakfast and the coffee was great. If you want a full breakfast, there are restaurants close by.This hotel is clean and very accommodating. I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient location, reasonable prices!   showReview(1153223, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, quiet    showReview(1110015, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quality room plus quality service plus convenience   showReview(1109870, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good taste of New Orleans   showReview(1108743, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fair to moderate   showReview(921342, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel- Great Location   showReview(918133, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jghope
<Content>Good stay   showReview(858456, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location! Great Service! Great Price!   showReview(836856, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great bargain room   showReview(705100, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The smallest room in NO   showReview(428782, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绻佽彲琛椼亱銈変竵搴︺伄浣嶇疆銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(21745479, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hotel   showReview(19641678, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien situ茅 et confortable   showReview(11446454, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

