<Author>browland
<Content>A mixed review... My girlfriend and I have just returned from a 7 night stay at the Catalonia Bavao, from January 2 to January 9, and I cannot say that we would be recommending it to our friends or returning ourselves.Since I am not a fan of 鈥渘ovel-like鈥?reviews, I鈥檒l give you the break down of our experience in point form.POSITIVE:- The grounds are very neat and well maintained, with lush palm trees and vegetation throughout. The staff work hard to keep in clean, and you will often see them out there working at 6 am. - The food in the main buffet, the beach buffet, and the pool restaurant was quite good. As many have noted before, the pizza by the pool is excellent, and we also recommend the paella and fried calamari at the buffets. - The Italian and Steakhouse themed restaurants were very good.- The cocktails are excellent. They have an extensive list of cocktails that the bartenders will make, and they also know the staples. Our recommendations are the Banana Mama, the Blue Hawaiian, and the Coco Loco.- The mini-bar in the room is stocked daily with pop, water and Brahma beer. - The maid service was excellent. They were timely and efficient in cleaning our room and stocking our fridge, and they gave us extra water and towels when we asked.- The rooms are spacious and inviting, with private balconies if you happen to be on the second and third floor of your villa. - The beach is gorgeous. Lots of palm trees to take shade under, and lots of barren patches of sand where you can soak up the sun. A lot of seaweed tends to wash up, but the staff clean it throughout the day.- The pool is also very nice, as is the swim-up bar. Great cocktails and very lively staff.- The nightly entertainment shows put on by the staff were a lot of fun. A gentleman by the name of Ridet often acts as the MC and he is hilarious! - The excursions that are booked through the main lobby are excellent. We went on the Santo Domingo day trip and loved it, and others spoke highly of the Outback Safari and Catamaran trips. Despite all of the positive aspects, it鈥檚 the negative experiences that have tainted my image of this resort. I am not one to nitpick on the small details or expect velvet glove treatment, but I felt that there were some very basic things that this resort is lacking in.NEGATIVE- The service is inconsistent. When we checked in, we were expected to find our own rooms instead of a bellboy driving us, which is absurd since the resort is massive. When we needed to call reception, they often wouldn鈥檛 answer, and I often got attitude from the guy when he did pick up. The waiters were often slow, would forget drink orders, and they often spent more time chatting with their co-workers than actually working.- Our first room was in Villa 7, and we had a lot of problems with it: shower stall that flooded the bathroom because the shower curtain was too short, no hot water, and a faulty latch on the balcony door.- The service in the Mexican theme restaurant was unforgivably slow. We had to wait over an hour between the time we finished our appetizers to the time we received our main courses. During this time, other tables were served all three courses and cleared out鈥ith time to spare. It was only when we forcefully told our absent-minded waiter to bring us our food that it actually arrived. - Communication in English is a problem for many staff in the resort. Don鈥檛 - When getting made-to-order foods, insist that it is cooked very well. I came down with a case of food poisoning near the end of the trip and an undercooked omelet is the prime suspect.- Do not trust reception to give you a wake-up call in the morning. We requested one, which was not done, and I overheard others who missed an excursion because of the same thing. Unfortunately, there is no clock of any kind provided in the room, so you will need to rely on your watch or cell phone to wake you up.- Hot water seems to be a scarcity in the Dominican. Our first room only had ice cold water in the shower, bathroom faucet and the bathtub, and the second room that we moved to only had hot water late at night and early in the morning. - Some of the guests are very greedy when it comes to the more popular food items. The pizza at the pool restaurant, the grilled meats and the seafood are popular items that people line up for. However, some people pile their plate and leaving nothing for those lined up behind them. We witnessed a grill cook giving one guy four lamb chops (everything he had) and leaving the other people lined up with nothing. One woman spoke up and complained to the manager, however he was useless and essentially pretended to reprimand the cook (who smiled and laughed). - My girlfriend got terrible service when asking for a take-out box at the buffet. I was sick and unable to leave the room, so she was going to being me something small to eat. They refused to give her a take-out box without getting a 鈥減ermission slip鈥?from reception and signing some kind of form. After some back and forth bickering, they finally gave her the box. - Most of the drinks are included in your stay, however some of the 鈥渟pecialty鈥?items such as Budweiser in the Steakhouse and Corona in the Mexican restaurant cost extra. Make sure you read the menu before ordering.- The prices in the gift shops are ridiculous and they will not haggle. Avoid buying from them and book an excursion (the shopping tour or Santo Domingo day trip) instead 鈥?bargains aplenty!- Avoid making long distance phone calls from your room. We made two calls home, totaling no more than 30 seconds each, and we were billed $4 US! Your cell phone probably has a better long distance plan, so I recommend using that instead.- If snorkeling is your cup of tea, you will probably find the beach swimming area to be lacking. You鈥檒l see coral, lots of seaweed, very few seashells, and a few fish. Book an excursion that specializes in scuba and snorkeling instead.- The beach is gorgeous, however the abundance of trees and sugary drinks tends to attract a lot of wasps. If you are allergic to wasp venom, I recommend taking your Epi-pen to the beach just in case. From this review, you might be thinking that I hated the place. In truth, it was not terrible, but it left a lot of room for improvement and it didn鈥檛 seem like a 4 star resort. It was a 3 at best. Yes, the beach is lovely, but you really can鈥檛 miss with a Punta Cana beach. With so many other choices, I recommend checking out another resort instead of the Catalonia Bavaro. At 711 rooms, it is too big and too understaffed to be run efficiently, so we will check out a different one when we return to Punta Cana in the future.I hope this review has been helpful to you. If you have any questions, feel free to message me on Trip Advisor. Happy travels!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>lmconstable
<Content>Very relaxing...would go again! My husband and I and three other couples went from Dec 26-Jan 2nd and we had a wonderful time. For the amount paid, this was well worth it!!!In General--The beach was beautiful, and there were lots of sun chairs to be had. The pool was decent...a little crowded, but you can go to a pool anywhere! The beach was where we spent most of our time. There were no mosquitos, as some other reviews had warned against. No bug spray needed! The rooms were clean and exactly as pictured in online photos. Very comfortable, everything worked. Food--you definitely need to book your a la cartes immediately upon arrival. They book up very quickly...especially if you are a large group as we were. We did not end up getting into the Japanese one. The buffet was just ok...but I prefer a la carte dining. For breakfast, go to the restaurant near the beach...much less crowded and has the best porridge ever (so says my husband) with all of the breakfast things you could want. There is a GREAT place by the pool that makes rotisserie chickens and wood fired pizza (along with other) all day long...we ate lunch here EVERY day...it was so good! If you sweet talk Juan, the pizza maker, you can get your pizza customized how you like. Staff--I found the staff very friendly, and most spoke at least a little English if you needed something. Not in the gift shops though...be prepared for no english at all. Unlike some resorts where they clearly say you do not need to tip, if you tip here you get better service. A little annoying, considering it's supposed to be 'all inclusive' but whatever...I don't know if this is a place I would take young children...it didn't seem like there was much for them to do. Maybe I just missed it...The grounds within the complex were BEAUTIFUL! They have an oasis of all types of tropical plants and trees with pathways going throughout...very lovely.You can snorkel right within the swimming area and see lots of tropical fish! Steal some buns from the buffet at breakfast and take them out with you...the fish will come from everywhere. We also did the half day 'reef explorer' excursion. If you like snorkeling, this was great! You also get to swim with sting rays and nurse sharks. Well worth the $90. For what we wanted, it was a perfect place. If you are looking to go and relax for a few days this is a great resort to consider. We would go again!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>bunclody
<Content>Great Resort My wife and I and our two daughters 17 and 20 stayed at the Catalonia from Dec 18 to Jan 1. We have been to 20 or so different resorts over the past number of years, all rated 4 star or better. Overall this resort is one of the nicest places we have stayed.Checkin: We arrived at the Catalonia with only 6 other couples so checkin was quick and friendly. We were taken to our room with our luggage in a large golf cart within 20 minutes of arrival. Beautiful lobby with massive lobby bar.Room: Rooms were large with king bed and yes only two pillows. Next morning we asked for a couple more and they were there after we got back from the beach.We always had warm to hot water, and towels but face cloths were a rarity. We were in building 17 on the second floor. It is the closest building to the stage, lobby, most restaurants and disco.If you are early to bed, before ten or so, and a light sleeper I would suggest a different building. It can be noisy at times until 2 or so with early morning partiers, but nothing major. We tipped every day for maid service, they work very hard, long hours and kept our room spick and span and kept the fridge well stocked. They even left extra water and beer on the ledge every couple of days.Restaurants: The resort was virtually sold out while we were there and we cannot say enough about the quality of the food at all restaurants. The staff did an amazing job considering the numbers they were dealing with. We tried all the ala cartes and the food was good. The steak in the caribbean can be iffy but the steakhouse had a nice ribeye cooked just the way i asked. The main buffet had 6 cooking stations so you could get fresh cooked food to your liking, the only real wait was for the pasta. I am a shrimp fan and was able to get good quality large shrimp every day, and the paeya at the beach restaurant was great. The service was exceptional at all restaurants with numerous people looking after you with water. drinks, wine etc. We never had a problem getting a table at any mealtime with the wonderful and patient hostess's at all restaurants. The house wine is not great but there is a large selection of wine that can be purchased.Bars: Well spaced on a resort of this size, with good drinks that were not watered down, at least when we were there. Again great service, especially at the lobby bar. Some nights it was over the top busy, but the many bartenders always had a smile on their face and there was never a long wait whether you were at a table or getting drinks yourself. There were several places that you could get beer or wine along with pop and ice selfserve. They also had some premium liqour if you asked for it. One more plus, the beer was for the most part cold at all bars, not something we've had at other resorts.Grounds: Beautiful and well maintained, even after New Years eve the staff had the whole site cleaned by noon on the 1st.Beach: This is one of the best beaches we have been to. Lots of palm trees on a very wide stretch of powdery white sand. Our daughters love beach volleyball and this sand was perfect for it.You can walk for about 2.5 kilometers either way before you see another resort. There is quite a bit of seaweed both in the water and on the beach, but again the staff is hard at work keeping the resort beach cleared of it. There are large areas in the water that are virtually weed free for nice warm swimming. We never had a problem getting sunbeds usually getting to the beach around 10 am. Great beach bar too.Pool: Beautiful huge warm water, tough getting sunbeds. You have to be down early, before 8:30 am, to get sunbeds reserved.Golf: two 9 hole courses on site, a par 3 and a regular nine that is in great shape. There is also a 18 hole course just a short drive away, didn't play it though.Entertainment: All good fun with some good shows, the animation staff work 15 hours a day always with a smile and a friendly hows your day attitude.Tipping: Not required but with the level of service we recieved we tipped regularly.Overall this resort had some of the best service we have ever had with good food and an amazing staff who always had the time to say a friendly hello, even after 12 to 15 hour workdays. This resort is one of those rare great finds.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>cruz4me
<Content>Beware Of The Catalonia I have previously written a review on the Catalonia that I felt was fair in my opinion, but I have to come back to the subject six months later because I have found out that the Catalonia Bavaro needs to learn how to manage money.I have had my PNC debit check card number stolen and it was used in Santo Domingo Jan. 2nd, 2009, almost have a year since my trip. I only used my card to pay the hotel for an exit fee. They made a carbon copy of the card and my signature, so I am blaming the Catalonia for giving out my card information, since I know that the banks are secure and safe to do business with.I am a hospitality and tourism management major at Virginia Tech and I know that any business taking credit/debit cards shouldn鈥檛 be so cheap that they still are making carbon copies of cards. A large amount of money was taken from my account and given to an organization in Santo Domingo (which I did not visit while in the Dominican Republic). So, the moral of the story is DO NOT use a card, especially a credit card in the Dominican Republic. Thank goodness PNC called me before more money was spent. You can read my review titled, 鈥淣ot as Good as Expected鈥? if you want my opinion on the resort. Also, I should have mentioned in the review that the management of the resort is terrible. I cannot believe that such a rude hotel manager could be in charge of hundreds of wonderful staff members without making the resort a sour place.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chirochick
<Content>great value, relaxing vacation We stayed at the Catalonia the week of Dec. 6-13, 2008. My husband and I traveled with our 8 month old child and parents. We had an excellent time! The resort was well kept, service was great, and food was above average. A great value! We went to the four restaurants. Make your reservations for these restaurants when you arrive. The food was fine/great at all of them. We enjoyed the Japanese and Italian restaurants best (Mexican, did have great food too, Steak house was our least favorite). The buffets were fine- there is lots of variety at the Gran Caribe- if you can't find something you enjoy- you must be a picky eater. The pool/beach was very clean and we could always find a seat (however, do get your seats early). The pizza at the pool was very good. We spent everyday of our stay at the beach / pool and just relaxed. The rooms were fine. There was a slight problem w/ getting really hot water but nothing to complain about (you are in the DR). The shower is small, so if you are really overweight you won't like it. It was nice to have a balcony w/ the room because we spent a couple hours a day with a child napping. I would suggest bringing some 1 dollar bills- the entire staff truly work very hard, long hours and are genuine in having their guests enjoy themselves. Overall- we had a great experience and would recommend it to anyone looking for a relaxing vacation. It was a great value for the money spent.FYI- traveling w/ a small child- we did bring all of his food, diapers, etc. and of course used only bottled water.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>seua
<Content>great vacation but a few points to improve The resort is surprisingly big, well planned paths through beautiful garden, ponds and most striking tropical trees. Between (30+) buildings, one side of the walkways have thatch roof, protecting people from the sun and rain. The beach is perfect, clean and very long, and you can take a very very long walk in both directions. The sea is calm and warm, excellent for swimming. What a perfect place, despite problems noted below -- this is the only resort we have been that has NO plastic spoons and knives and straws littering anywhere.We stayed in Catalonia from Dec 6 to Dec 20, going with Nolitour, leaving from Ottawa via Westjet. Apart from giving us the best price, Nolitour is very good and reliable, and the flight with Westjet was very comfortable. The food on the airplane is boring, but adequate. Our tour representatives (Andre  Malcolm) were helpful and reassuring. A little problem that the resort asked us for a voucher from Nolitour which we were not given, but the front desk fixed this by themselves. Punta Cana airport is beautiful in a natural setting -- open warm air concept. You have to walk down from the plane upon arrival and up upon departure (this can be awkward if you have many carry-ons like us). The check-in through the airport was very quick, and everyone's picture is taken with girls dressed in colourful costume (then they will try to sell you this photo on your departure for $8). After picking up your luggage, you walk out to find your bus, and it takes 20 mins to Catalonia. Returning home is more difficult -- you wait in a long check-in line and the process is very slow -- took us about an hour from lining up to finally settling down in the boarding area. On the way out we found the airport extremely hot and no aircon- just few very high ceiling fans, so don't put on your Canadian clothing yet, wait until you are about to board the plane. We left on Saturday morning, and found that the (woman) washrooms were filty. Perhaps other days and time they 're cleaner?The room, we were in building 11 (3rd floor), which is half way between the beach and the main activities-buildings. 2nd and 3rd floor rooms have closed balcony, and hence more privacy than rooms on the main floor. There is no elevator so stay on the main for if walking up is an issue. The room is large and clean. The bed is clean with 2 lumpy pillows. There is a small toilet room with a small shower (the plastic curtain too short so water splashed out), and the toilet seat is even too flimsy for a 104 lbs person. The main bath is big and round and deep, could be hard to get in. There is a hand-held shower and a small plastic seat just strong enough to hold say 150 lbs. There was no face cloth when we arrived. We asked for it and got two, then got two more the next day. Then the next day they were all removed from the bathroom. We asked for it again and never got anymore face cloth (please put face cloth in your packing list). The towel situation seems to be hit and miss -- e.g., the hand towel, got two to start with, when you put one on the floor to be cleaned, the maid removed and never replaced it. We were left with one hand towel. I was worried, so I hung it outside to dry and kept on using the same one through out the last week. The other thing is the light outside at the balcony. It was automatically on almost all night which bothered our sleep, unless we slept with the curtain closed. It would be nice if the light turned off at 10 or 11 pm. We asked it to be turn off if possible, and it seemed to be not possible. We gave tips regularly to the maids (the team changed 3 times while we were there), not expecting special treatment, but wish we got enough towels.The reception people are professional and helpful, easy going people. Around the main activity area, you can use your wireless computer. We appreciate the pizza team a lot, although we did not eat the pizza there so often. These are excellent wood-fire pizza. The pizza team were cheerful and worked non stop (until long after 6 pm). It was amazing to see a long line up for the pizza, which disappeared as soon as they came out, some people piled them up on plates so greedily, no consideration for others. Some people ordered a whole tray of pizza to be made specially for their group. I admired the pizza team's patience and hope they don't think that all guests are greedy and selfish.The main buffet restaurant is very large. You go and reserve your seat in an open-air area and go to get food in a big serving area located in an air conditioned room. The foods are well displayed, some days with impressive vegetable carvings. Fresh fruits are served with every meal (papaya  sapote tend to run out fast). In the morning we liked tomato juice and other fresh blended fruit drink with no sugar added, and the best croissants in the world. There are plenty of salads and cooked food to eat, although freshly cook meats, calamari and bacon are hard to come by. You had to ask for them and the cook fries a small amount and there is always a long line up. Sometimes when it comes to your turn, the meats are gone. Once, I was second in the line, a very fat woman before me insisted on having all the fried calamaris for herself (about 20 pieces)! I am not sure what is the solution. Of course if they make a lot people would tend to take too much and waste the food. We saw a few birds inside the food serving area, pecking on a whole loaf of bread, or picking something from the dessert area. This is a problem the resort should really do something about. In the eating area, especially around the edge where you can have a nicer view, there are so many blackbirds flying and screaming (at breakfast  lunch time). They even visit you at the table ( some people feed them). We saw a blackbird take away a whole croissant while people went away to get (more) food. Bird drops are everywhere on the railing and behind the rattan chairs -- not sure how often they clean the railing. We like wildlife but find this encounter too intense. In spite of the bird nuisance, the restaurant is very clean, and we did not get sick from the food. The staff worked very hard and were quite professional. Preference to smokers in the buffet area, i.e., good seats with view are designated for smoking. Non-smokers get inside seats and cigarette smoke blowing from the smoking area. It took us until day 13 to discover that the beach restaurant also opens for breakfast -- this is not mentioned in the info sheet the resort gave us  so we assumed that it was only open for lunch. We could have enjoyed breakfast without the blackbirds! No problem with the locals on the weekend (some made bad comments about them earlier). They were very polite and by far not as greedy as some of us. I was in a line up, and a local boy gave me a serving spoon so I could have food before the rest of them, how nice esp when you compare with a line up among ourselves. We attended the acrylic painting class (run by Issac) several times, The class is very popular and always full. A few times, people came by and asked if there was another session, some wanted to joined right away but often there was no space left. The timing is rather strange -- it starts at noon (for us we must plan to get up early for an early breakfast, early swim, and late lunch after painting). The classroom is a mere flimsy shack with two incomplete walls. When it rained, we all got damp or wet. The instructor does not talk much, he spends full time helping you with your paintings. He has a lot of examples of his (simplified version) seascape paintings, and if you wish, you may choose to copy the one you like. When it does not work out you can scream for help, and he will fix your problem. We had fun doing Acrylic for the first time and now are thinking of buying a few paints and painting more.I hope my comments are not so negative, and hope that the resort personnel look into a few details to make Catalonia a very perfect place to visit. It is already excellent, the best one we have been to. We would certainly love to come back again in the future.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Genya123
<Content>3 star Hotel at Best We just returned from a 6 night stay at the Catalonia Bavaro and were not impressed. The hotel is supposed to be 4 stars but after staying at numerous 4 star resorts in Mexico I know that hotel is a 3 star at best for the following reasons:1. The bed is not comfortable - our king sized bed was lumpy and only had two tiny pillows that were so lumpy they basically were 6 chunks of pillow instead of one.2. Mini fridge in the room didn't work3. There was no hot water, only warm no matter how long you ran it. So the big, romantic tub for two could not be used.4. There were not enough lounge chairs around the pool and beach for all the guests. If you didn't reserve your chairs by 8:30 in the morning you would be without.5. The place that gives out clean beach towels was out of towels 9 our of the 10 times6. All of the restaurants were very under staffed, we always had to wait in line for food and wait for our table to be cleared. Basically if you ever want to eat or drink in this place be prepared to stand in a long line. 7. All the alcoholic drinks are very watered down and taste horrible8. Guest Services where you have to make all your restaurant reservations always had a long line and is under staffed 9. Every room has a balcony that they promise will have a hammock and rocking chair, ours did not, and when we asked all we got was one chair for two people and not the advertised hammock. 10. The tiny shower with no light or room for you or your shampoos and soaps.11. Also do not get a massage from on the beach, they are not professionally trained and just rub your back - no actual massage.Overall the experience was ok for a 3 star hotel, you will stand in line for everything and never even feel a buzz from all the alcoholic drinks. On the other hand the beach is beautiful, and the buffet is amazing - if you like european food.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ukleicester
<Content>not for us i read all about the hotel on the internet sounded great .arrived at hotel checked in that was it left on our own to find our room after walking around for sometime we found it room very clean and tidy.Had a look around very impressed snack bar food was hot the main resturant around the pool was closed on our first week the top resturant the food was cold and you had to que for a lot of your food the hotel bar clean again staff very friendly but you have only 2 bars to use at night so after two weeks of sitting in the same bars you do get fed up listening to the same entertainment what you had on the first week.Our 2nd week they opened up the pool resturant in the day time only the food was covered in birds so that put you off straight away so again had to que again for food that had not had bird droppings on it. The beach is very clean and tidy again and the sea is safe to swim in as the pool is.On our 2nd week again the hotel was filling up with more guests that was it the hotel could not cope with all the people the que for the resturant was very long and they could not keep up with food so a very long weight.Sothis hotel is not for us U.k  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	4	3	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>lamax
<Content>Great resort We, my girlfriend and I, just came back from Punta Cana where we spent 7 days. Overall, this resort was a great choice and we had an extremely relaxing holiday. Resort overview: beautiful is the word that best describes it. Stylish architecture design of the reception area, great restaurants with pretty good food, very good service, nice pool (I do not tend to spend time at the pool during my vacations but this one was quite nice) and an amazing beach. The hotel property is dotted with pools of water that contain beautiful plants and a variety of birds. Room: we read other reviews where some people suggested moving to the Royal part of the resort. The room was a typical four-five star room. The smell of the room basically tells you that this is not the newest building on the planet but it is just fine. We did not notice it after the first day and were very happy with the room. It was spacious, clean and had both a huge bath tub and a shower. Each room has a hammock on the balcony. If you want to move to a Royal room it will cost you 300 dollars for both of you. We opted not to do it and were more than pleased with our room. I would recommend asking for a room on the second or third floor, though. Food: very good. There are four a la carte restaurants: japanese, mexican, italian and US. The guests of Royal have access to the japanese restaurant and that is the only difference when it comes to these. Regular Bavaro Catalonia guests can access the other three. We received two tickets for the US steak house and one of each for Italian and Mexican. The main restaurant (Gran Caribe) was so good that we ended up using just three out of the four coupons. The steaks at the US-themed restaurant were amazing. Drinks: there are several locations where they serve you with drinks, including the reception area bar, the pool and the beach. Drinks are NOT watered down. A whole variety of cocktails is available. You can also ask for coco-water on the beach. We only found that the wines were not of the very best quality. Otherwise, all was good. Beer served: local Presidente, brazilian Brahma, Budweiser, etc. The beach: whitish sand and palm trees allowing you to move in and out of the shade as per your needs. Fantastic. In the peak hours you may have a difficulty finding a free sunbed. Service: Friendly staff. I must say I was not sure what to expect before going to this resort but I was pleasantly surprised with the staff. They were not pushy and did their job very well. Tipping is always welcome but you are not expected to do this too often. We only tipped in the a la carte restaurants, the bus boys and the maid. Activities: scuba diving (7 meters depth-it was my first time and I liked it), Dolphin Island, Saona island, Santo Domingo trip (3 hours bus ride one way), etc. We tried with the first two and had a great time. Prices range from 85-100 USD. Every Friday, there is a local market set up in the hotel where the local vendors sell souvenirs. These guys were very pushy but you can bargain with them. If you decide to do so, bargain hard e.g. if they ask you for 100 USDs offer them 10, aiming to get the product for a final of 15 USDs. If you want to spend 7 relaxing days in a place that has a great beach, excellent staff and great food, I would recommend this one.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ratoune
<Content>Dream Vacation at Catalonia Bavaro!       beach  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>alison88Uk
<Content>fantastic i have got to say this is the best place i have ever been to me and three others have just come back from stayin in this hotel for 2 weeks and it was fantastic, the people the food the beach, the pool and the room theres is nothing i could say bad  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>LondonBettyboop
<Content>fantastic not to be missed As a travel agent i can be quite fussy but this hotel was one of the best i have been to.there was nothing i could complain about.the rooms are a little dated but grate value for money, we had clean towels everyday the mini bar replenished every day.the food outstanding especially the Italian and japenese.the pool bar best place ever barman healiurious.fantastic beach party once a week.A trip to sonea island is a must.............. paradise.there was something for everyone i highly recommened this hotel and resort.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lovethesun1515
<Content>Wonderful Time at Catalonia My sister and I stayed at the Catalonia from Dec 11th to the 18th and had a great time! I emailed the resort ahead of time requesting a Villa in the middle of the resort which we recieved! Grounds: BEAUTIFUL! Everything about the grouds was amazing. The water features, the birds, the plants were so amazing. I did not see any misquitos and the staff kept the grounds very clean.Food: The food was ok, but i have been to 2 other resorts in the D.R and have found this to be the same. Lots of variety at the buffet... the a la cartes were awesome.... the food was ok but the expereince was great! We enjoyed the steakhouse the best!Rooms: Yes they are alittle out dated, but this is the oldest resort in Punta Cana, besides you are not there to spend time in your room. The maid service was great.... flowers all over the room, but it depends on the maid you get. I heard other people state that they did nmot recieve flowers etc and had some things go missing, so do lock up any valuables in the safe.Bar: The bars are great. The lobby bar is wonderful. Everynight they have a different side bar making special drink ie. coco loco from a coconut, specialty coffee. The staff were so great and always quick to give us our drinks. Beach: The beach was very nice. There is some seaweed, but staff are on the beach everyday a few times a day raking it up. The seaweed is not a bother at all. The water was clear and gorgeous. Never a problem finding lounge chairs on the beach no matter what time of day. Pool: The pool was very nice. It can be difficult to find loungers by the pool. Try the pizzaria by the pool, it was awesome. Entertainment: Animation staff were great..... always something going on but if youd rather not particpate they are not pushy. The shows at night were alot of fun. The dancers are ok but the humour shows are halarious.Tips: The creperie is sooooo good which is located by the shopping centre. There is a flea market on both sides of the beach... the one to the right is better... more variety and the people are nicer and less pushy. Security is amazing here. They keep track of everyone who walks off the resort and go beyond the boundaries to keep an eye of those at the flea market. We did the zipline excursion and had an awesome time.... very very safe and a real blast. And for those who complained that the staff dont speak english.... your ignorant because they spoke great english and it is their country... no one expects you to know different langauges. The staff in fact spoke 2-4 langauges. I never once had a problem communicating with them. Have a great time because this sort is very very nice. Overall it is a bit older and the food is just ok but everythign else was wonderful!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>babochka
<Content>A+++++service and facilities We spent week from December 7th till December 14th on this wonderful resort.  Week before arrival I e-mailed front desk manager requesting one additional bed for my mom-in-low which were traveling with us and got response almost immediately with assurance that my request will be fulfilled. And it was. Upon arrival we got our room in building 4 on the first floor (room 408) which had an additional comfortable bed for my mom-in-low and was pleasantly surprised that our building was in a close proximity to the pool and beach. Lately in a week we had appreciated out location even more - wonderful buffet for breakfast and lunch and chicken/pizza place were very close. Having older women with health issues with us we really appreciated all these amenities. Room was big enough for us, conditioner was quite and temperature controlled. On our big patio we had 2 rocking chairs and hammock. I did not feel comfortable to lay down in a hammock above tiled patio but I saw other people enjoying it.Shower a little small but water pressure was good and it was plenty of hot water.One day we did not have enough towels for all 3 of us and one phone call to guest service fixed it instantly. Very friendly and very good service everywhere was the best part of vacation. Everything was done with genuine smile. Beach itself is beautiful but we were not lucky with weather and sea was not clear almost whole week, wind was really strong and cold and it was raining hard almost every day. Also it a lot of seaweed which comes close to the shore and in windy days it's polluting the water very much. We took long walks on a beach both directions. Facing water on a right there is a market where we went every day to feed 2 mothers gods with 19 (!) adorable puppies. We bring them some leftovers and milk. Please feed them, they need food, especially 2 moms who are exusted from feeding so many of them.  We took 2 boat snorkeling trips to the reef very close to Marinarium and loved it! Fish actually big there and we saw many varieties in very clear water. But it's hard to get back to the small boat with very narrow steps and very close to the sharp motor parts. So, please consider it when going on this trip. Also bring banana or bread and you will see fish all around you eating from your hands. I was pleasantly surprised by non-smoking area in a lobby bar, it's the first time I see this in Dominican Republic. Good change! Drinks were OK, the best were at Mirkado bar. We went to Mexican, Italian and Japanese restaurants. They are all ok. The best was salmon in lemon juice at Italian.  We may give this hotel another try because of wonderful service and facilities but not sure about the beach (water), may be we'll go in May where it should not be that windy.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gerry66
<Content>what a wonderfull holiday we have just got back from this hotel, and must say that it was a wonderfull time the people are so nice and the layout of this hotel is superb, allways plenty going on the pool is great the baech is white sand and so roomy not on top of each other, can only say that would go back again no problem, try for your selves  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>funtravelchicc
<Content>just got back Just got back after staying at Catalonia December 3-7 with the family (6 of us plus a toddler). I also did alot of research before booking this trip. I have to thank everyone that wrote reviews because they are pretty much right on about the resort. I pretty much knew what I was getting into. Here are a few of my observations:The hotel staff is very pleasant and cordial. We stayed in villa 6 which is a very close to the pool, good location! This was a very small issue, certainly didn't ruin our trip by any means, but we did have an issue with a non working remote control, we called the front desk and they said someone would be at our room in a few minutes. 45 min. later we called again to see what was up, they apologized and said that someone would be right over, in the end no one ever showed up and we couldn't watch tv that night. Not that big of a deal, but still annoying. The beach is fantastic! The sand is pure white and it doesn't get hot, so walking on it is pleasant, even mid-day.The buffet did have alot of variety, but it was not at all to my liking. I realize that food is very subjective but we did not really enjoy much. A few reviews mentioned that the food was not very good but that people managed to find 'favorites' I guess you could say that we each found 'favorites' ;that means that my sister ate cheese fries every night and my cousin ate rolls with butter and cheese, I ate similarly only because you have to eat something...none of the 'favorites' we found equalled a balanced dinner. I will say that the paella from the beach grill was wonderful so on the second day I ate alot of that to hold me over past dinner. I heard the burgers were good, too. The pizza at the pool is quite good as well, long story long, we didn't like the buffet but found the other food, like the beach grill, etc. good. There is a flea market a 10minute walk down the beach (go right) about 15 stalls all selling identical stuff. Worth a walk for coffee beans or a t-shirt. About the ethnic people mentioned in the previous review, (I think we were there at the same time) we saw lots of Europeans but didn't see obnoxious behavior by anyone. Overall: EXCELLENT bang for the buck, don't expect a 5 star resort but expect a clean, attractive facility, great pool, great beach, friendly staff, lots of fun for all ages from toddlers to grandparents!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>catalonio
<Content>Always better facility, food and staff We have been at this resort for a small family reunion about 10 times. Normally once in early Sping and the week after Thanksgiving. The reviews posted on the site are all on the money. The staff and management are on point, responsive and super friendly. Food is above average, healthy and taste great. Music and fun galore. What they apparently cannot control is the TOURIST. An influx of folks from Moscow in my opinion were incompatible with the spirit of the Resort. My fellow tourist had no trouble sharing the same conclusion. One comes to relax, enjoy t he weather and socialize. Others come and exibit some odd behavior. As an example one Moscow type gentleman was too rushed to wait for a burger on the grill so he reached over and grabbed the spatula and put two patties an his plate. This at the surprise of the folks that were waiting their turn. Then after the gentleman tasted the burgers at his table he apparently realized they were raw. He returned the burgers to he grill and continued to cook the partially eaten meat. At breakfast they walk in to the dining area and appear to wear their hangovers like a badge of honor. At breakfast these folks drink 8 to 10 beers in place of coffee. As they get drunk, you relax over coffee. Then they get louder and louder start to smoke and there goes your relaxing breakfast. At the same breakfast hour one gentleman asked for two full glasses of whiskey and then asked for coffee with whiskey in it. A slim lady bellied up to the breakfast grill, reached across and served herself no less than 1 1/2 pounds of bacon. Curiously I watched her to see if she was with a group. It was only she and her husband. At breakfast they walk in to the dining area and appear to wear their hangovers like a badge of honor. At lunch a nice couple in their 40's stood alongside the grill which had just been loaded with pork chops. As the line grew the couple waited and asked for chop after chop until the grill was emptied. The pile on the two plates was quite a site to see. A comment was made and the couple (him drunk) became furious. An exchange of words led to other Moscow men ganging up to their aid. Apparently the feeding frenzy should not be interrupted. At the beautifully executed weekly Beach Party I saw one of these guys going through empty bottles of wine looking for drops to complete his evening. Everything is self-service for these guys. At the pool trying to have a siesta my daughter got up from her lounger and in 20 seconds I had one of these guys pulling at her lounger sayingOK OK as he pulled away under protest. More poolside fun: A group of 8 or so decide they will sit at the kids pool. They pull every possible lounge chair up to the pool and block all access for waking. Then the white edge of the pool was the only access. As they saw that folks were going around them this was, they put a towel down to attempt to block access. We walked over the towel. They did not like this and the gang got angry and vocal. Thank God we can't understand them.Late night we heard tales of fistfights but thankfully did not see any. Tipping is apparently unheard of in Moscow. Manners are not expected and complaining is considered an art form. We saw alot of complaining. The positives are that they don鈥檛 appear to stay at the beach long. I think it's too far from the food and drink. The Resort has a real challenge here. A business decision that may be painful in these economic times. These resort owners and employees at every level work so hard to give you a huge bang for your dollar. I wish them luck. As for me the Tourist seriously damaged the vacation experience.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Amoreena
<Content>Great Vacation at the Catalonia       Catalonia grounds  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>delgirl1209
<Content>good but not that good We stayed at this hotel 28/10/08 to 13/11/08 on arrival it looked the bees knees, we were checked in very quick no welcome drink. We got to our rooms ( we were traveling with my brother and his good lady) and they did smell of smoke sorry you can smell it when your a non smoker,but give them credit they were clean and tidy nice big towels and hot water in shower.The grounds are nice the pool is average the beach is to die for apart from sea weed,there are some ornamental ponds in the hotel grouns but the water in them is full of slime and they are breeding grounds for moscitos yes the moscitos did have a field day on everybody there. The service was painfull if you dont speak spanish all the waiters and barmen ( apart from a few) dont understand a word of english and it is quite frustrating when you need something you ask for it and they look at you gone out.The entertainment was fair they did use the audience a bit to much for the shows i suppose it is a cheap way of doing it and the ladys in the dance group did dress very minimalistic parents with children beware must say the micheal jackson show was the best.NOW to the food well to say we were all inclusive we lost wieght it was mostly cold or warm never hot the same food every night it just had a different name on it if it was'nt consumed at night it was put out again in the morning, the pizzas at pool bar were nice and the chicken was nice when it was hot the buns for the hot dogs were best left to the birds well it was them eating them and doing the whoopsees on them.THE a la carte restaurants.Japanees it was all looking good until he cut the raw chicken up on griddle then cut the meat up using the same knife without washing it first luckily we had chicken it tasted ok but we did not go back.Italian a joke tasted all sort of food in a bag we got up and walked out and did not finish the meal four other people did the same.Brazilian well if you really had to you could live on it but we chose not to.The steak house we went the first time and we must say we did like it it was the best meal we had for the week But the second time (yes we did go back the second time we did'nt go back to Italian,Brazilian or japanees) we had our main course and was waiting for our sweet and as we were looking around a lady on next table screamed jumped up spilt her soup all over pointing at the roof eves there was a rat walking up and down them the lady ran out and must say we did not wait for our sweet.To sum it up go to Catalonia enjoy the beach and thats it or go somewhere else and possibly enjoy evaerything  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>chippersnacker
<Content>Wonderful beach and friendly staff       Lounging in the ocean  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rafone
<Content>Larger people beware......       Our room in Building 12  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>genmgr
<Content>Great times at the Catalonia.....Chocolatte!       large pool  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Pricess_Shobie
<Content>Loved it!!! This was an excellent Resort. Four of us went down to Catalonia Bavaro - 3 gals and one of the girl's fiance. The staff were so friendly and nice. The entertainment at night was awesome! We even went up on stage and embarrassed ourselves. The pool was great! The alcohol wasn't as strong...it seemed a bit watered down to us since none of us got drunk, but drank like crazy. DISCOThe disco on resort was okay. Most of the music was Latin - salsa, meringue, etc. so for a person who doesn't know how to dance to that kind of music or doesn't have a partner to dance with, it was kind of boring. We went off resort to a club called the Mangu located on another resort and that club was excellent! FLEA MARKETThere is a Flea Market located 30 min. walking distance from the resort where you can Bargain Bargain Bargain! The prices are over inflated and if the smile comes off their face, that's when you know you hit the RIGHT price! A good tip we learnt!BEACH/POOLThe beach wasn't the greatest. The sand was soft and white, but water was brown and gross. We only spent 30 min. in the beach water and went back to the pool. The bar at the pool was nice too! ROOMS/STAFFThe rooms was nice and big. The cleaning lady would come in mid-day to clean our rooms. When we first got there, we were far from my friend and her fiance and the next day, the front staff got us a room right next to them. We were so grateful for that! The front staff was amazing!!! Most of them spoke at least 3 languages. TRIPSWe went on 2 trips off resort....The Jeep Safari - cost approx. $90.00 USD and to Saona Island - cost approx. $100.00. Both trips were nice, but I will recommend the Jeep Safari. FOODThe food was great! No complaints there. I heard horror stories about food in foreign countries, but the food wasn't bad. The A La Carte Restaurant were amazing. All in all it was a GREAT TRIP! I had an amazing time with my friends, met a few Canadians there as well. and would recommend this resort to anyone!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheSmits1
<Content>Good times! Just returned from 7 nights at the Catalonia ( 12 - 19 Nov) and can honestly say that we had a great time. We paid 拢650 each via First Choice, this included flights, transfers and 7 nights all inclusive. I won't bore you by reviewing topics already covered other than to say, take dollar bills for tipping, they do really appreciate it. If you've got room in your case take your own pillow - theirs are tiny and lumpy. Definately take tea-lights to make the most of bathtime in the 2 person bath - pure bliss after a day on the beach!!! We've done Turkey and the Red Sea numerous times and having paid a fractionally higher price felt we had been transported to paradise. We have never returned from a previous holiday and wanted to re-book for the following year - until now. Nice one Catalonia. If you are on your way to the Catalonia, Bavaro - happy holidays :)  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Caz212
<Content>Price was great, food was just sustenance... Spent 6 nights/7 days here last week. With a last minute direct flight from JFK (approx. $450/each), so the resort was approx $75-80/person/day. Catalonia Bavaro was really great for what we wanted - simply to rest and relax, not a jam packed vacation adventure. Property has nice grounds with the beach and pool areas both well maintained. While we did not stay in Royal Service, people we met said they were disappointed that all the services (food, entertainment, casino, etc.) were on our side. I'm so glad we didn't spring for the RS increased rate!Rooms were okay - a little old and dated, but not bad at all. Entertainment was fine. We saw a couple of their shows, but nothing to write home about. We did not use the spa. The staff was all friendly and nice. Maid service was excellent. FYI - I speak enough Spanish to get by, however my girlfriend does not and she found it easier to just have me ask for whatever she needed.The food here was their weak spot. Having stayed in the Melia Tropical on the island last May, I expected a lot better quality, especially at the a la cart restaurants. I guess you really do get what you pay for! The Japanese place was the best, but Mexican, Italian and Steakhouse were mediocre at best. Breakfast buffet was the best meal of the day!All and all, just what we were looking for - a no hassle vacation at the beach / pool!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>3	4	1	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ElvisPWorldwide
<Content>Just Fine For The Money Myself and three other friends took a guys trip so booked two suites for four nights. The price was beyond belief---cheap. The resort is very nice but the rooms a little dated with a musty smell (like in most beach climates with old hotels). If you are from the U.S., you may be a stranger as the resort is Spanish owned and most of the guests are from Spain, Canada, U.K. The beach is absolutely perfect. The pool area is awesome as well. Here are the highs and lows:1. Can't beat the price.2. They make a real effort to keep the resort very clean.3. Grounds, beach and common areas are immaculate.4. All you can eat and drink!5. Great pool area with swim up bar.6. Great pizza made pool side.7. Very friendly staff who don't always have their hands out for tips (but sure appreciated it).8. Very nice and cheap golf courses. Good lies, great greens, beautiful and not busy.9. The beach bar is super and casual and they pour a healthy drink.10. Good airport and entry and departure, no headaches.11. Overall very relaxed atmosphere.Lows:1. If second hand smoke bothers you, stay away. It was like being in a Marlboro ad and smokers permeated the place. I couldn't even lay on the beach without breathing in smoke. Keep in mind mostly a European guest roster who have different views on smoking than we do at times. But in fairness,the rooms did not reek like smoke.2. The food at the themed eating establishments is not very good. Stick with the buffet.3. Watch the staff at the golf shop--they have math issues.4. Do not stay in any of the buildings bordering the construction site. The crews work until 0200 and the noise is horrible. Trust me on this!5. If fine-drinking is on your agenda be forewarned. The house-brands on the booze is not very good and you're going to get tired pretty quick of it. Watch out for the Brahma beer in the mini-bar----its roooough!6. Hotel beach is perfect but the snorkeling is bland. Book an outside snorkeling tour.7. If you like snacks and munchies between meals, bring your own. They dont offer bar snacks or anything like that. Summary:I'd go back no problem but not with a family (too many smokers) or not with a sweetie (not fancy enough). But for a wild and fun trip on the cheap, this place is great.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>casperbeau
<Content>Best holiday ever! We arrived at the Catalonia on 28th October, after a great deal of worrying about the recent pool construction which we had heard about. After a speedy transfer (great after the 9 hour flight from the UK), we were checked in quickly by friendly staff and were pleased to find there was no construction of any kind which affected us.When I read reviews before departing, I always found the ones where people had broken them down into sections the most useful, so I will do that here...ROOMSThough we didn't really spend much time in the rooms, we thought they were great for everything we needed. The bed was a great size and comfortable; the fridge was stocked daily with water, beer and pop; the tv had enough English speaking channels to find something to watch while getting ready. We especially loved the bath, though it took a long time to fill, and the hammock and rocking chair on the balcony was a nice touch.POOLThe pool area was great, always clean and plenty of beds for everyone - the first hotel I have ever been to where we haven't needed to get up at a ridiculously early time to get beds. The swim up bar was great, as was the pool snack bar - the chicken and pizza really is as good as everyone says!BEACHAbsolutely stunning beach, again with plenty of beds. The sea was very clear and calm most days, with lots of little fish. Yes, there was seaweed, but it was cleared away regularly, and I suppose you shoud expect seaweed in the sea! The beach buffet was good - I liked that it was open at breakfast time also.ENTERTAINMENTWe didn't really take part in many of the activities through the day, but the ones that we did were really good, and the staff were great fun. The evening shows were hit and miss, but that it the same anywhere I have been. The disco was a good laugh.FOODThe buffet was good, a good choice and most of it good quality. We visited each of the A la Cartes twice, and loved them all, though our favourites were the Steakhouse and the Japanese. We also loved the creperie - the banana splits were lovely!Overall, this was definitely the best holiday we have ever had, and we are looking at returning there in the next few years for our wedding!Any questions just email me at jess_beau@hotmail.com  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>beachlover1971
<Content>Pretty good deal for the money I must have read a hundred reviews of this hotel and others before I booked. I booked this hotel because at the time I found no negative reviews. After I booked some cropped up. However, I think I disagree with many of the issues. When you are getting an all inclusive vacation as reasonably as this hotel is, I think you know that you will not be at the Ritz, but you will have good accommodations. I found all staff wanting to please. I had absolutely no problems with staff. The food was hit or miss. I knew this going in. Do your research. This area is not known for great food. If you have specific dietary concerns, this is the the area to go. If you are ok with eating food heavy in fat and salt for the days that you are there, then you will be fine. I have a very sensitive stomach and fully expected to get sick. I was fine. The buffet had a little bit of everything. The a la carte restaurants were hit or miss. I ate in the Italian, American and Mexican restaurants. I hated everything I had, including the dessert in the italian restaurant. My mom loved everything she had. So it is all in what you order. I loved everything in both the American and the Mexican restaurants. Though the people beside us were given steaks that were completely raw, twice. In the Mexican restaurant, I ordered the fish steak stuffed with crab meat. Be warned, this fish is not cooked. It tasted good but it concerned me to eat it so I only ate a few bites. Again, my mom's food was fine. The pool pizza was fine, not outstanding. It has no sauce on it. But when you are hungry in between meals, it is pretty good. My biggest problem was that if you did not make their meal times, you were out of luck. No snacks or other options. There was popcorn by guest services (which I had for dinner 2 nights-the Italian restaurant night and the beach party night where the corn on the cob was raw and the other food I wanted ran out). Any other meal I was able to find something I wanted.In terms of the drinks, at the pool bar, they often won't add alcohol unless you remind them. However, walk 100 yards to the beach bar and you will get a drink with 3/4 alcohol. I would never take children to this resort. Way too much nudity and people practically having sex while being almost nude for my taste. I realize this is the culture in places other than America. I just did not like it. Nor did I like the smoking EVERYWHERE. Including bathrooms. That was unnecessary.The beach is awesome. I went horseback riding further north and the waves were huge. Our beach was completely calm and you could walk out in the am and see all the fish. It was great. I worried that the water would be too cold but it was not.They have kayaks, snorkel equipment and catamarans complimentary. That was great. We also took the $25 glass bottom (boat with 2 holes cut in it and plexi glass shoved in) out to go snorkling. This was way more reasonable than the $75 the travel companies wanted to go snorkling with sharks and sting rays-something I could do without. I saw so many fish and some great coral.Giving the staff (any staff) $1 in American is a great tip for them. I left the maid $1 plus a mini candy bar and a dollar store treat each day and got awesome service. She left a case of bottled water (needed) and really took care of us. My biggest problem was not with the hotel but with the tour company, Turinter. DO NOT BOOK THEM FOR ANYTHING!!!!! I booked through Cheapcaribbean.com. When I booked my airport transfers they used Turinter. They never came back to pick up us to go to the airport. They also lied about details related to excursions. I have filed a complaint and have requested a refund. Saona Island is awesome. However, the trip is long and a bit hellish. We booked what we were told was the VIP tour. This was a rip off. I understand that with the VIP you get a much better lunch. Our lunch was great. However, that is where the service stopped. We were told that we would stop at a shopping mall with VIP and not just 1 store as the other tours did. Lie. And we had to listen to the bus driver make fun of americans on the ride home. Not acceptible. However, the water and the sand at Saona are like nothing I have ever seen. I wish we could have stayed longer. We stopped at the natural pool on the way back and saw the starfish. Now, whether these starfish were just placed there as some people guessed, who knows. All I know is it was really cool and I really enjoyed it. What I did not enjoy was running out of gas on the speed boat on the way back, the 4 HOUR BUS RIDE to get back to our resort, while never being offered so much as a glass of water, and the aforementioned bus driver comments. It was a long day. I took ridicuous amounts of bug spray, which I did not use. I am the type of person who can be in the room with 99 other people and be the only one getting bit. I used bug spray twice while there. Yes, I got some bites, but I get more than that in Florida, where I live. I also took every kind of medication for any possible ailment and never needed it. Nor did I need the flashlight because the electricity never went out. I also took a room deodorizer, which was not needed. I booked a non smoking, upper floor room. No problem. Though I did hear of people having to switch rooms due to the musty smell. Everything worked in my room except for the remote control. They have a huge, round tub in the bathroom but we never used it. The shower is really small. I am 100 pounds and I banged my elbows on the walls. I do not know how men fit in it. But in the big, round tup there is a hand held showerhead. People also said to take wash clothes and pillows. I did. Did not need them.Before I left home, I printed out basic spanish phrases (like more bottled water please, etc.) so I could leave notes for the maid. Worked very well.You do a lot of walking. Be prepared. But that is good to work off some of the fat from the food. You do need to get to the beach before 8am to reserve a lounge with shade. Though many other lounges are available at the beach and anywhere at the pool all day long.My suggestion would be to book any excursions ahead of time. People there work on Dominican time and you never know when you will find them. So if you wait and try to talk to the tour representatives at the hotel, you may or may not find them. Book ahead and don't worry about it. I wish I would have.I had absolutely no problems checking in. When I checked out, they tried to charge me for a phone call that I did not make. Be aware that local phone calls start at $7!!!. I refused and they took it off my bill. I had to find an alternate way back to the airport because Turinter never picked us up. Their rep. was never there even though he was supposed to be there every single day. A very nice guy with another tour company saw me standing there and came over to me. I told him I was waiting for Turinter. He asked what time they were to pick me up. When I told him they were to come 20 minutes ago, he seemed genuinely concerned. Many people try to make a buck off of you if you let them but this was not the case with him. He asked when my flight was and made some calls to see if he could locate my ride (again this was another tour company not a hotel employee). He held up his bus waiting to see if my ride would come. In the end, he convinced the driver of his bus to take us to the airport with them. Thank goodness he did because it takes quite awhile to get through the Punta Cana airport. I honestly do not think you can beat the area or the resort for the money. But if you expect to be completely catered to the entire time, you will be disapointed. However, not having to worry about any money except for $1 here and there was awesome. As I said, you will get great service really cheap. I took 50 $1 bills. I used every one of them in the 5 nights I was there. I also took a bunch of $5 bills and $10's and $20's. I literally never saw a peso the entire time I was there because I had the exact change for anything I bought. I had read that there would be a 16% surcharge for credit card purchases. So far I have seen none of that on my statement. Oh, one other thing, the drinks at the lobby bar were awesome. Try the coco loco. I loved it. Much better there than at the pool.Watch out for the territorial geese! :)  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>ReenaK
<Content>Bland food, dated rooms, but nice beach We stayed here for one week. Our room was dated and the shower completely sucks. The tv remote doesnt work at all and the toilet you need to always fiddle with. I do watch tv at night at a resort cause i dont drink the shows are all lame...michael jackson was okay.The pool was under renovations but i can see the pool would be nice once complete.The food is very bland and the al a carte restuarants are not that good..although i had tenderloin at the steak house and it was good.I saw a cockroach on a hotdog bun at the buffet...also the breakfast buffet closes at 10 am...geez..we only made it once...and we dont even stay up late..nothing like sleeping in a bit when you are on a holiday.The only thing i found good about this whole resort...was the creperie..it was great..good ice cream..great crepes and the beach...if you are a beach person this is a very nice beach. lots of palm trees and not that busy. nice water..the resort itself is okay...i have been and seen better..i would rate this a 3.5 star...for a few hundred more i would stay at the Gran bahia principe..we stayed there our second week..these two resorts are like night and day..email me if you like reenak@shaw.ca  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>hlywud
<Content>Catalonia Bavaro "a superb Old lady" Catalonia Bavaro Oct. 26th 鈥?Nov. 2ndWe flew out of Toronto on Skyservice A320 in Row 23, very short of leg room. Uneventful relatively smooth flight arrived 5 minutes ahead of schedule time at 10:25 am, customs was very quick, luggage quick and onto bus to resort with Grande Presidente in hand within about 20 minutes of arrival, 10 minutes later we arrived at the resort. Check in at the resort was very efficient, we were greeted by Assistant Guest Service Manager Laura, who registered us, we waited in the lobby bar to indulge in a couple of cold Presidentes for an hour while our suite was prepared and then the Bell Captain ferried to our beautiful 2 room suite #1823 with a wonderful pool and ocean view from either of the 2 balconies. Within 15 minutes we were back at beach bar for lunch. I previously emailed resort requesting a room with an ocean view on an upper floor. We got exactly what we requested and more, a beautiful 3rd floor Master Suite, with magnificently polished tile floors; king sized bed, lovely sitting area, two balconies with hammocks, a large bathroom with an in bathroom Jacuzzi and separate closet for toilet and shower. Quite a pleasant surprise for us was the beautiful basket of fresh fruits and bottle of Gran Anejo on the sitting room table along with a fridge stocked full of water, pop and ice cold Brahma beer. One word describes these accommodations 鈥淓xcellent鈥? while not as modern as the suites in newer resorts it was impeccably clean and comfortable.There was plenty of shelf space and hangers in closet with a key lock safe available at no charge. The dressing area had two sinks and supplies of shower caps, sewing kit, face cloths, and lots of towels, body lotion, and body gels. We even had a supply of beach towels available in the suite.The balcony was a good size with two chairs and round table as well as rack for wet bathing suits, as well there wonderful hammock where a person could relax and look over the ocean, the second balcony off the bedroom had 2 chairs and a hammock that afforded a decent view of the pool area.Maid service was excellent鈥攗sually cleaned by noon. Each night we came back to find a turn down service has been provided and a fresh supply of towels.This resort which is one of the oldest resorts in the Punta Cana region is very nice, and is very well maintained and manicured; the workers never seemed to stop keeping the place spotless.As far as layout the resort is very easy to get around. Grounds are lovely and have some beautiful foliage and plants with a family of egrets and ducks and geese wandering around their own ponds.The beach was also better than I anticipated as I had read there was a lot of seaweed in this location, the seaweed present very little problems and was raked up and hauled away early every morning as well the entire beach area was lightly raked to remove any debris that may have been left from the previous day by the guests. One must be made aware that towards the northern end of the beach there are some coral formations in the water and we would recommend surf shoes in the area from the beach bar north to the property boundary. There were plenty loungers available at the beach and the pool with adequate shade available.We had been notified that the pool area was construction before we departed but were pleasantly surprised to find it was completed and very well done, with new decking and new tiles around the pool area. Service at the pool bar and swim up bar was quite good and all empty glasses and food plates were picked up by staff quickly, so there was no debris or garbage laying around in the hot sun. The pool was a popular spot in the afternoon especially if any the sand started to blow on the beach but it was very hot and one had to avail themselves of the water frequently to stay cool. Temperatures for the week ranged between 30C and 34C with a light breeze blowing at all times.Food and service was excellent in all the a la carte restaurants on the Bavaro side of the Catalonia complex. We tried the Italian (Toscany), the Steakhouse (Rodeo), Mexican (Mirachi) and Japanese restaurants and enjoyed them all immensely. The wait staff was very attentive, courteous and polite; it is our opinion that these were some of best a la carte restaurants that we have visited in our many visits to the Dominican Republic and rate close to any 5 star restaurants we have used previouslyThe Gran Caribe buffet always had something to suit everyone鈥檚 palate but was consistently the same everyday. It was situated adjacent to the beautiful lobby and the fountains which afforded wonderful views while eating in the cool outdoor breeze. The service and buffet area was air conditioned and impeccably clean and well maintained. Entertainment in the evening didn鈥檛 really impress us it also started at 9:30 pm and I am an early riser and generally to bed quite early. We stayed for one evening performance, they worked very hard to do their best and entertain the guest but personally I found it too loud.The magnificent lobby bar (Palmareal) and court yard was the place to gather/hang in the evenings for a few evening cocktails under the stars and the table service was definitely second to none.Sports equipment was available for all ages at this resort, shuffleboard courts, tennis courts, volleyball, wind surf equipment, hobie cats, kayaks, sail boards, table tennis, pool tables, and of course the 27 hole Catalonia golf courses and a 9 hole par 3 which driving in looked like they were in fine shape.In the afternoons the animation team led the games at the beach and around the pool everyday, they would come a politely ask if you would like to join in, if you did not want to they moved on.The resort while it is listed by most tour operators as a 4.5 star, in my opinion does meet those standards very solidly.We definitely would return to this Catalonia Bavaro resort of course if the price was right.While there we took our own walking tour of the Catalonia Royal,I will give you a brief summation of what we saw. Construction of new buildings near the beach which caused no concern to any of the clients, a lovely spa with outdoor Jacuzzi鈥檚, a beautiful pool with built in waterbeds, a lovely outdoor patio deck off a smaller air conditioned lobby and an a la carte restaurant (Thalassa). Everything is very well kept and maintained. We also tried the restaurant one evening and the bar a couple of times as we were allowed by management to visit these facilities.The restaurant was beautiful inside, table service was generally very good with multiple waiters looking after us, some obviously were in the being trained mode as they did things just a bit different, for instance we ordered coffee and dessert, we had our dessert and after waiting 15 minutes left for an after dinner cocktail and had the waiter chase us down in the lounge to deliver our coffee, strange but a bit too late. Also while I had a decent meal of lobster, the pork sirloin my wife ordered had to be returned to the kitchen as it was almost still walking, so remember that when you order meats make sure you say 鈥渧ery well done鈥?Hlywud/the Warden Trip AdvisorDestination Expert for Punta CanaOntario CanadaPictures can be seen herehttp://smg.photobucket.com/albums/v126/hlywud/Catalonia%20Bavaro/?albumview=slideshow  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>wickchic3
<Content>Get place. Didn't want to leave The Catalonia Bavaro was fantastic. We didn't want to leave, literally, not even for a swim with the dolphines or trip to the main Bavaro beach area. This place is NOT in the main hotel area. It's closer to the airport but in a private section. If you want to people watch and see all the other resorts, stay in the main strip area.If you want to just relax on the beach or if you like to join in hotel activities, this place is GREAT!The staff was friendly. Shows were fun and there was lots of games throughout the day, from Volleyball to Archery to Dance lessons. The rooms were nice, but they are expanding the Royal resort right beside this one, so the construction was a bit loud in the morning. This is my only complaint. The food was good with lots of selections including a la cart restaurants.Overall - Best Trip!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jokonski
<Content>Going Back for our Wedding!!!       Main Lobby  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ShaneWaynt
<Content>Excellent Beach Resort       Nice  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>wavebaby
<Content>Loved It       Us  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>ChuckSt_Catharines
<Content>Paradise       Beach  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>stephanieL123
<Content>great vacation at catalonia bavaro My husband and I (in our thirties) stayed her from October 1st til October 7th. The weather was fantastic! 1st trip to DR, 3rd all-inclusive. Upon arrival at airport- did not realize we had to pay $10 each to enter the country, but luckily it was worth the cover charge. Made arrangements ahead of time for transportation thru Dominican airport transfers.com It was $40 each way total, which was probably more than a taxi, but they were waiting right out front to take us to the hotel, and pick-up from hotel back to airport was already set up so we didn't have to worry about it at the end of the trip.  We checked in in 10 minutes, which was nice cuz it was 9pm and we wanted to eat. Buffet was still open so we had time to check-in, go to room, and then go eat.  Buffet was ok but not great. The steakhouse was really good, italian and Mexican good, we missed our japanese reservation. The beach party on Monday was excellent. Make sure to go. Good food good entertainment. We were able to walk right up our first morning and make all our dinner reservations for the week in 5 minutes, no problem. We spent the days on the beach or at the pool . Volleyball on beach,other activities and a bar. Plenty of chairs and shade for everybody. The beach is stunning. Palm trees that almost go down to the water!Pool was gigantic, and had a swim up bar, which was where we could be found. Met so many people from different places. Staff was nice and helpful. We ate Pizza and chicken at the pool every single day, sometimes twice! Even the fries were tasty.  My husband and I snorkeled ($20 refundable deposit for equipment), and scuba($85 per person) at the resort. Scuba was excellent! coral and lots of fish 45 minutes. I am EXTREMELY claustrophobic and took 4 lessons in the pool before venturing out in the ocean. The scuba guides were so helpful, and it is only because of them I was able to stay down the whole time, They even held my hand the entire time!! We left the resort for 1 excursion that was dune buggy, horseback ride, visit a cave with fresh water swimming, and visit to Macao beach. $69 per person. (can't remember tour company but booked at front desk) It was really fun!! The only thing is that Catalonia is far so you are the first ones picked up (10am?) and the last ones dropped off (5pm). The club was ok, we had more fun after meeting the animation team and other travelers. Definately more packed on the weekends. (Even some apparent local visitors who approached my husband twice for services that were not part of the all-inclusive. !! Ay dios mio!! ) Tips---bring bug spray, lots of sunscreen,and many singles. Tip everybody a dollar or two, why not?? left money and chocolate for the maids everyday, with a note for anything extra we needed, and we were fully stocked with towels beer and water, more than we needed.  We will be returning to Punta cana and to The catalonia bavaro  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Dizzzy
<Content>The best vacation ever!!! I have just returned from one of the best vacations ever at the Catalonia in Punta Cana!The hotel itself is very nice and well mentained. The lobby is very nice and tropical loved the side beds near the casino. The floors are always sparkling clean, however the walkway to the beach and all the villas gets very slippery when it rains - so becareful!! The people that worked at the resort were the best part of the vacation. They were so nice and friendly, it was a pleasure dealing with them. and I LOVED how they would always sing and dance wether they were cooking or bar tending or behind a counter at one of the shops, they were just always full of spirit. As for the entertainment team: Mario, Kate, Jennifer and Shane - amazing group of people. Very friendly and outgoing, they made our vacation this much better. Michael at the lobby bar - I LOVE HIM!! the greatest bartender!The service was excellent. Guest services would call everyday to ensure that everything was going ok!! it was safe enough for you to leave your valuable stuff in your room and ensure they'd be there upon your return. As for the resort activities. They'd begin around 9:30am by the beach and end around 5/6 by the pool. The activities are alot of fun, it gets people to interact with one another and you end up meeting tons of people. The beach party night was a blast, a good start to the week (but it kinda set the bar too high for what to expect for the rest of the week) should have it twice a week maybe?. The shows are great the dancing is a little repetitive, but still very entertaining to watch. Miguel (the guy with the ponytail - not sure if that's his name) - amazing dancer!!! Love the dancing before and after the show with the entertainers!! really good idea!! keeps the guests entertained! love the chocolata song!The club was a good added tough to end the night, it got packed on fridays and saturdays! As for the resturants the japanese and the mexican were amazing. the pizza beside the pool - YUM!! ok, getting tired of typing so to sum it all up. amazing resort, amazing staff and an amazing experience!!! definatly would go back..  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>candicar
<Content>Beautiful Resort! Great Vacation! Service could have been better...       Main  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	2	3	

<Author>travelgem9
<Content>Entertainment Staff were GREAT!       fountain by main buffet  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>gobaby82
<Content>Naked Review of Catalonia Bavaro My boyfriend and I stayed at Catalonia Bavaro Beach resort for 5 days from September 6th to 10th. We were so worried about hurricane Ike as it was passing near by, but no rains during day time at all. This is our third annual carribean trip, and I have to say, this was..what you pay is what you get + a little extra). Airport: I liked how the airport looks so 'tropical'. The huge fan definately helped me cool down a bit. Arrival is open to outside and allowed to smoke anywhere. (weird eh?)We took taxi from the airport to the hotel for $25. They first called $30, but we negociated. :) The hotel is so close to the airport, i'd say less than 10 miles for sure. The ride was about 10 minutes.Hotel front desk: The front desk people are FABULOUS and multi talented. They all speak more than 3 languages and usually they are English/ Spanish/ French. They were super nice to assist and when I asked for a specific room, they helped me to get the closest to what i requested. The room was not ready since we got there around 1ish, and so they gave us the all inclusive band so we could eat. Then by the time we came back, our room was ready to roll. Room: It was well cleaned, the blanket looked a bit outdated (so as the furnitures), but sheet kept us feel fresh and clean. :) Fridge was filled with drinks. Loved the huge tub (it's not jetted, but it was big enough for my bf and me to soak in comfortable after a long day. Small shower booth but it's okay, i showered in the tub =p Two negative things were, towels were not stocked (but it was brought immediately when requested), and they were missing the tub clogger but we managed to use the tub with plastic bag shovel on the hole =p Pool/ Beach: I am not a huge fan of pool, i'd rather stay near the beach, but what i noticed about pool is it's really DEEP! They had a part where it's to 5'5 '' and i am 5'2'' tall. =p All the resorts i stayed had maximum of like.. 4'5'' but yeah, i love the beach. Beach is gorgeous. Palm trees, clean water, beach bar! A lot of people complained how there wasn't enough shades and that they ahd to wake up early in the morning to save one, but there are PLENTY of shades including natural shads from palm trees. Other people complained about the seaweed, and i would like to say, that is REALLY not a big deal, as the hotel is cleaning left and right many times a day, and it's not one of those lonng seaweed, so don't you even worry. One bad thing about beach is there were parts where it's a bit rocky. Sand is the powderest thing ever! I loved it. WARNING: If you are conservative, i don't know if this is the right resort to be, because you will get to see TONS of topless ladies, i mean it was like.. NAKED [--] left and right! and ALL over. Even the ladies with kids, they went all out. I liked how there were people going around, letting the tourist experience the real coconut juice from fresh coconut they got off the tree. Oh yeah, forgot to mention that majority of the tourist there are Europeans. Food: Ahhhh.. Food.. the downside of this beautiful resort. I mean i feel like maybe i feel this way because i was spoiled with such good food in my other carribean trips, but there were way too many flies in the buffet as it was open to outside. AND while i was trying to make breakfast omlett, I saw a roach crawling over the plate station. Sigh I really wish i didn't see that part, because I am really scared of insects . AND make sure when you eat buffet, bring your personal belonging, and leave it on the table, or else, they might clean up your table and even seats others, as that happened to us. :) My bf brought a cigarette pack and a lighter and left it on the table, and it didn't happen again. :)I really am not a complainer, but the buffet food was.. ehhh~ not so great. But it's not to to complain big (again, except the roach part) A La Carte was way better than Buffet. But then again, i didn't think they were GREAT. They were okay. French was the best one. Japanese one's kinda like... wanna be , but i can't expect the same as the japanese cuisine in America. Mexican restaurant ... oh.. Mexican restaurant.. i mean the food was good. It was the mosquitoes that ruined our dinner. They were having a feast drinking off our blood , leaving us all these bites! But food was good :)Shows: Shows were GREAT! hahaha BUT a lot of the shows, i'd say, are rated Rs as they have sexual contents and such. I saw many parents pulling the kids out of the seats and going back to their room while they perform. Michael jackson show was impressive! It made me laugh in the beginning, then after so many michael jackson songs and the remake of his music videos, i was really impressed, and everyone really liked it. :) There are also shows where they pull the crowds and do the game. If you come across the opportunity, GO ON , BE ON THE STAGE. The games they play are SOOOO funny!!! It was SOOO funny that i cried, my back almost broke in half. Landscape: Landscape's BEAUTIFUL in Catalonia Bavaro. Make sure to take lots of pictures. :)Activities; we did ATV (it's a MUST! a MUUUST!) It was only $70 bucks for two people in one ATV and $50 for one person in one ATV. Oh yeah, also, if you go ATV, make sure to take a couple of little towels from the hotel. DO NOT BUY excursions online. Just buy it on site, it's WAY cheaper. Also, make sure to take some good amount of USD as they do not take credit cards. We also did swim with Sea Lion, and it was really a good experience. :) It costs $65 per person. This excursion includes swimming with shark and stingrays (safe sharks). *GOOD TIPS*So here's things to take for sure when you travel Catalonia Bvr:* Bug Repallant to use when you go outside at night* US dollars for paying activities and such* 50 of one dollars for tipping during your stay (-crucial!)* Enough Sunscreen as well as Aloe Cool Gel* American Candy Bars (Someone wrote in review that the cleaning ladies like the American candy bars because they are really expensive there. So i took about 10 Kudos and left 2 every night and they loved it. )* Bookbag (this comes really handy especially during excursion. Trust me. :) )* Towels from hotel if you are going ATV. I think i wrote so much, i can't think anything else. I have to point this though, the staffs are WONDERFUL, place is BEAUTIFUL, if you are not so picky person like me, you will definately enjoy Catalonia Bavaro Beach Resort: :) I don't know about coming back here for more though. :)  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>billkarlaur
<Content>Very nice hotel Returned from Catalonia Hotel on 8th September having stayed there for two weeks.Hotel is very clean and staff very friendly and helpful.Food good though it did get a bit boring towards the end of the holiday.Nightime entertainment not great.If you want a relaxing chilled out, sunbathing do nothing else holiday this one is for you.Fantastic weather and beach.Visit Saona Island if you get chance fantastic excursion though if you suffer from sea sickness this is not the trip for you.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>OntarioSummernights
<Content>Got Sick But Loved The Resort!!!!       resort  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>greekgodess2008
<Content>Eddie Murphy special       amazing pool  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ourholidayreviews
<Content>Fantastic holiday       View from the pool  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chappers1
<Content>lovely stay, comfortable hotel!       mexican restaurant!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>goodchild
<Content>Good value for money Like other fellow travellers we were rather dubious as to what appeared to be alot of hotel but for not a lot of money ! However the five of us ( 2 adults and our 3 daughters aged 17 17 and 15) flew out on Aug 15th only to arrive amid a tropical storm .... handled very badly by our tour operator First Choice but that's another story .Here goes our review:RECEIPTION: Spacious, clean, nice furnishings, staff very helpfull.ROOMS: Okay, nothing special and perhaps a little dated, good bathroom with large bath (big enough for 2 adults to lie/sit in comfortably) reasonable shower. Air con was good, mini bar re stocked daily( all contents free) MAID SERVICE: We struggled with this... you never knew what time she was coming. often it would be around 4pm well we were usually having our daily siesta then ! and one time when I was particualrly poorly with S D she just would not go away despite me explaining I was not well and for her to come back tomorrow!!!!POOL : Good size, clean, staff always around to bring you drinks. Sunbeds were in good condition and if you wanted shade it was necessary to get up around 7 to reserve your beds which was no bother really as my husband was up early each morning. Pool bar was good, the often had a selection of drinks served in whole coconuts and pineapples along with frsh fruit kebabs in the mornings. Pool music was fine, typically spanish which for me was a nice change . We never used the swim up bar as on the 2 or 3 occasions we tried it seemed very much like being down your local pub as all the same faces were on all the same stools so we gave it a miss.BEACH: Lovely, plenty of sunbeds and usually shade was available too which we found most surpising. Pure white sand and clear blue sea for about 30 metres. Yes there was sea weed but certainly not masses of it and it wasn'y black slimy or smelly ! what I did find odd was that they has beach staff clean up sea weed off the beach umpteen times a day ?? wholly unnecessary in my opinion. Beach bar was fine . Entertainement on the beach was okay, by that I mean the animation team did not hassle you all the time to compete in their tournaments.RESTAURANTS: We found all the buffet restaurants okay, all had an excellent selection of meat and fish dishes. Cleanliness was excellent . A la carte were good ... stay clear og the Italian though as our food was diabolical, they even charged you for wine and it was by the bottle too ! Japanese was good, as were the steak house and the mexican.ENERTAINMENT: Poor, the animation teams enthusiasm was fantastic, however their skills and ability were not. GROUNDS: Lovely, plenty of lush greenery, well maintained gardens, flowerbeds and bushes. The gardners would always ask if you wante a fresh coconut cutting down too which i thought was a nice touch. There were ducks, geese and kittens too ! they were all lovely and appreciate the restaurants fresh bread rolls ( often eaten gently from your hand).I think that about covers everything, in short nothing about our stay at this hotel was fantastic or out of this world we got what we paid for, I think the hotel is more a 3 star than 4.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>texasgirl28
<Content>Beautiful Resort!!! Don't believe any of the BAD reviews!! My husband  I and our best friends went July 6-10 ! We had a blast, the resort is beautiful, and very well maintained, the grounds are GORGEOUS! We really enjoyed the staff. We always tipped the maid, and they left LOTS of bottled water, beer,  soda for us! The pool is FABULOUS! the beach was not real crowded, went parasailing twice!!!! It is very nice for as inexpensive as it is! The steak house has a great steak, We are from TEXAS  did not think the D.R. would grill a good steak, but that was the Best thing we ate!!! The pizza at the pool grill is AWESOME!! I give CATALONIA a 4.5 star rating!!!! GO- YOU WON'T BE DISAPOINTED I PROMISE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Anthro_Jenny
<Content>Wonderful Time I want to start by saying that if you have a rich taste for The Best this is not the hotel for you. I loved the hotel and the price was nice at a little less than $1,000 per. We stayed for a week and enjoyed ourselves. The food was okay, my husband and I are vegetarians so the choice was minimal although more of the meat dishes looked like they tried to be common Americanish food but fell a little short and look strange to me but hey it could have tasted great! After a week of eating the sides it got kinda boring. The ala carte's are a nice change we didn't do the steak house for obvious reasons. The Japanese I though was the best, the Mexican was second and if i were to go back to this resort i don't think i would go to the Italian again. I ordered pasta with marinara which was terrible the sauce tasted like Barbecue sauce and we went to the buffet after our meal. One last thing about he food every desert i tried was awful EXCEPT the crape shop which was AWESOME we went almost every night for ice cream. also the food by the pool is good we ate there for lunch everyday the pizza was awesome and fries and chips were good.The beach was beautiful if you plan to swim a lot i would bring some boat shoes, I didn't and there are some rocks and a piece of one got stuck in my foot, it hurt. I was also playin around and scraped my back on one of the rocks which also stings in the salt water so be careful. We did have to get up at 6 to get a palapa which was painful but we liked to have it. The couple of days we slept in it wasn't hard to find shade. The bartender at the beach bar was awesome!!!!!!!!!!The pool was nice but too warm, and too many people since it was June there were some 18 yr olds who just grad high school partying to we were happy to hang at the beach. The service at the pool bar was pretty poor. The service other than the pool bar everyone was super nice and always grateful for tips. They work really hard and it is really hot for those who work outside. Most speak okay English but i prefer to try and speak Spanish as much as i can to me it's part of the experience. The rooms were nice and cool. maid service was lacking but i'd rather no one come in my room anyway. The wouldn't come till after 4 and sometimes we would be already having a nap wen they would come. I will be going back to PC but would like to stay somewhere else just for the experience. This is a great hotel and would recommend it to my friends!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>mdellp
<Content>You get what you pay for A clean resort with a great staff. The entertainment staff works so hard and are really enjoyable to watch. ALL of the employees were really nice. Great people. the rooms are really big with a nice sized patio. The beach is beautiful and clean. The pool is huge and nice, but we prefer the beach and spent most of our time there. Our only complaint is the food. The specialty restaurants are good, but nothing great. We did not really like the buffets. There is a grill at the pool that always has hamburgers, hot dogs, and pizza. The pizza is really good. We ate at the grill everyday for lunch. We would go back. It was really nice and we had a great time. The food was not great, but we were not there for the food.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>herbzsmurff
<Content>This Best Resort I Have Ever Stayed AT First off i went down with my girlfriend from Aug 11-18 from Toronto. Mon-Mon. Although it was supposed to be storm season, we only had rain 1 day (all day). We flew with sky service, and that airline was terrible, the plane was freezing, and the flight there and back was delayed. Nolitours was our operator. They had a rep at the resort, she was ok, nothing special. Saw her only one day. If you want to go on excursions, book with nolitours, dont book with other tour companies, we booked one with nolitours and everything went perfectly, we booked 2 with tourinter b/c they were cheaper and on both occasions the bus never came to pick us up, we complained and for our troubles they gave us a free hat. Spend the few extra dollars and go with a reputable company.Catalonia, was ranked as a 4+ hotel, and it's just that, first off, the hotel is HUGE. I mean, wow, lots of land, lots of beautiful places on the resort to take pictures. Many ponds with fish in them, a huge fountain in the main lobby. The reception area is nice, tons of comfy couches. The staff there speak english well enough to communicate with. The rest of the staff on the resort dont speak very much english, but hey YOUR in their country, why should they speak OUR language. They understand the basic which is all we needed. At the time of check-in we requested a villa close to the beach, and they gave us villa 3, the second villa from the beach, this was nice except other than the beach, everything else was a pretty long walk to get to. So if your intending to spend little time on the beach dont ask for a villa by the beach. A room in the middle would be perfect. The room was pretty big, with a living room area, a mini bar fridge with 2 bottles of water, 2 brahma beers, 7up and pepsi. The bed was a king size bed, the room had a big tub which had no jets so that was kinda pointless and took forever to fill but it looked really pretty. The shower was ok, but like all the other reviews, the pressure is really low, the toilet didn't flush all the time. But other than that the room was nice, AC worked perfectly. The balcony was big with two rocking chairs and hamock, that was a nice touch. We tipped the maid $1 a day, and left her small gifts. If you go, take lots of singles to tip everyone, they appreciate it, and you do get better service and they remember you more. The food was AMAZING. I love spicey food and they had hot sauce bottles everywhere. They had 2 buffet restaurants one by the pool that was open for breakfast and lunch and the grand caribe which was open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. They also had a pool snack bar, and YES THE PIZZA IS THE BEST PIZZA I have ever tasted IN MY LIFE. Everyone waited in lines for pizza. I swear the guy couldn't turn out as many pizza's as the demand for them. The Pool was clean but closed at 7pm which i found was kinda silly. Back to the food, the grand buffet was amazing, they had soo much food there, i swear the size of the room must of at least been 2000sq feet. There was such a selection. I eat a lot and i enjoyed everything there. They even had a restaurant that made crepes from 6:30pm -11:00pm. I read a lot of reviews that said the food was bad, THEY DONT KNOW WHAT THEIR TALKING ABOUT. Your going on vacation so you have to keep an open mind when your there. The staff work hard, 11 days straight then they get 3 off. We both loved our stay there, Michael was a bartender by the pool and then he worked the bar by the stage with his brother eddy and richard, they were all amazing, Michael actually goes to New York to compete in bartending competitions. My drink of choice was Banana Mama. The Nightly shows were nice, the DISCO was another story, i mean resort disco's arent normally supposed to be good,but this was pretty bad. The DJ played mainly spanish music even though the crowd wanted hip hop, but again, we're in their country. The ANIMATION team was great, always trying to get u to do something, archery competitions, darts, pool, table tennis, beach volleyball, water aerobics. The beach had a lot of seaweed, if there was a downfall to the resort, it was this, lots of seaweed, they did their best to clean it, and after storm (FAY) hit, the water had even more seaweed. But we spoke to other people from other resorts, and this was a common problem. So i can't really fault the resort. Check out time was early. (12:00) and we left at 6pm but they allowed us to lock up our bags and evengave us a courtesy room for us to shower in. If women are travelling alone or in a group, this resort is soo safe, there was security everywhere. I mean everywhere. The beach, by the villa's, the front. In conclusion, if your looking for a resort that is safe, clean, has a nice beach, great food then this resort is the best, I will definitely go back to this resort.I LOVED CATALONIA Bavaro Beach  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>giorgiannap
<Content>Loved it! Only one issue... First of all I got to stay to tis resort because our flight was canceled and they sent us 2 more days until a different flight, to stay at Catalonia Resort. The first 5 days of the vacation, before flight was canceled was at Barcello Premium Punta Cana, and let me say that I cannot even compare the two resorts, Catalonia Resort was absolutely wonderful and regretted i didnt book my whole vacation there. Food great, birds yes but people you are going on an exotic vacation, you do not want to see vegetation, and birds then you should just stay home and pull the shades. I loved the birds flying in the morning and having my breakfast with a nice breeze of outdoors. Air Conditioning was fine as well. Beach was beautiful. Staff very friendly. If there is one issue that I had was the indeed outdated room, It was not dirty, it was cleaned but the furniture and TV just look very outdated. A little improvements on the rooms and this resort is a 10 star if I may say so. And i think my opinion is very informed I stayed in Punta Cana at 5 resorts on different times when I was in vacation there, and I would like to say that Catalonia and Melia were the best. Barcelo resorts are dirty and I would def stay away from any Barcelo iPunta Cana!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Augie2
<Content>Had a good time       Beach  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Soundadvice
<Content>Superb Hotel fter reading many comments on this site I was a little worried about certain aspects of this hotel. All I can say is there are a lot of sad people in the world who look for fault rather than trying to enjoy their holiday. Quite simply the hotel is fantastic, the food is superb, the service is 5 star, the rooms are great and the wingers on this site should be locked up in a darkened roomFrom the start we were treated with total respect, our room was about 25 yards from the beach and 40 yards from the amazing pool complex. It was kept spotlessly clean with beers in the fridge at all times. I know there are some sad people complaining about the size of the shower. It is a standard European shower with plenty of hot water.. We never had a problem with towels, face cloths etcWith regard to the TV, I think there were about 15 English speaking channels including CNN, Fox News, Setanta Sports etc. How many more do you need when you are on holiday?What can I say about the food? I have never seen such an incredible selection - There is plenty of freshly cooked ordinary food - eg burgers, nuggets, pizzas etc. For those who enjoy cordon bleu, the most amazing selection of fish I think I have ever seen - from Dorada to King Fish to fresh salmon and the biggest mussels in the world. Some of the fish is griddled in front of you, some have delicious sauces etcFresh meats are again cooked in front of you together with wonderful stews and cold meats. Fresh pasta dishes are also prpared before your very eyes. A most incredible selection of salads, dressings and vegetables are available, not forgetting the amazing variety of sweetsThat is all available in the 2 buffet restaurants - Also available are 4 A La Carte restaurants with incredible Steaks, Italian Japanese and Mexican food. Not forgetting the snack bar with fresh charcoaled grilled pizza, rotisserie chicken, tortilla, burgers hot dogs and fries. It would be impossible to try all the different dishes in a fortnight. To those who complain about the variety I can only think they were at the wrong hotelAnother whinge I read about was birds eating food from the tables at the hotel. The buffet restaurants are open plan with a lovely breeze and tremendous views over the beautiful gardens and beach. Some people load up their plates from the buffet, leave them on the table to go and load a second plate. Guess what, while they were away the birds would swoop down and have a feast. It was very entertaining for those of us watching. Especially when we told the people that they were sharing their meals with the birds!!There are sad souls who take the sunbeds on the beach at some ridiculous hour in the morning. To combat this,play them at there own game and get to the beach early. I quite enjoyed doing this as it was lovely dozing in the early morning sunshine. Hopefully one day they will learn not to be so selfishWith regard to seaweed on the beach forget it. The beach is cleaned twice a day and this is a real non issue. Apart from that can you imagine palm trees coming down to white sand with clear blue sea? It is a tropical paradise As for drinks being watered down this is rubbish. Named brands are available eg Bombay Sapphire Gin and Johnnie Walker Black Label. When ordering the drink ask for 'Mucho Bombay Sapphire and Poco Tonica - you get a lovely drink and have a little laugh with the staff at the same timeAs for the language problem remember you are in a Spanish speaking country. The staff try very hard with English so be a little patient. Many of them speak better English than the English speaking guests and certainly have better manners! Take a phrase book with you and at least try to speak a little Spanish - you will get amazing results by tryingAs many people have mentioned the entertainment staff try very hard from early morning to late at night - if you don't like it you don't have to join in. Don't complain. there are plenty of other things to doWe only did one trip - to the capital Santa Domingo. It was along day but very enjoyable and good value at $70 US. The journey takes 3.5 hours but it is interesting to see the towns and countryside as you drive through them All in all this is a first class holiday resort where if you have any problems the staff try to sort them. eg my wife needed sanitary towels at 10.30pm - the lad at reception was more than happy to oblige It's easy to find fault but much easier to enjoy what's on offerBu the way if you think I don鈥檛 know what I am talking about with regard to hotel standards I would point out that I have in the past stayed at the Burjh Al Arab in Dubai (supposed 7 star) Claridges in London and the Ritz Carlton, Half Moon Bay, San Francisco to name but a few. Given the choice I would go back to the CataloniaHave a good holiday  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>adrisal321
<Content>Great, but not perfect Our stay at the Catalonia Bavaro was very enjoyable overall but there were some small things which made it less so. First of all, the resort itself was beautiful, the lobby and grounds were all well designed and maintained. One minor issue that I had with the premise is there there were no public air-conditioned areas like the lobby or bars. This wasn't really an issue unitl the day we checked out and had to wait in the lobby for a couple of hours. The rooms were very comfortable. They were quite pretty with spacious washrooms and enough room to comfortably accomodate three people. One feature that we greatly enjoyed was the balcony that had both a hammock and a rocking chiar. We had no problems with plumbing, electricity, air conditioning or pests. The only minor issues we had with the room was that hot water took about 15 minutes to come and there was no remote control for the tv. Yet overall we were very comfortable with the accomodations during our stay.The service was also good in general but not excellent. The maids cleaned our room very late in the day but did a thorough job. The only major issue we had with them was that the first day when we were naive enough leave the key to the safe hidden in our room we were robbed $60 US. I walked in when the maid was cleaning the room but didn't pay attention to what she was doing. It was only after she left that we found the safe door open and money missing. The hotel went through the motions of an investigation but it yeilded no results. I very strongly recommend that all furture guests take thier safe key with them every where. It will not be safe in the room, no matter how well hidden it is. Despite this, we were pleased with the rest of the service. All the gardeners, waiters, concierges and barenders were very friendly and welcoming. The animation team was very good as well, always friendly and energetic. The daytime activities they led were fun and kept guests active and entertained. The rest of the entertainment wasn't very good. One dissapointment was the shows, which either involved audience members doing silly things or just simple dance. They grew very tiresome after a few days. The disco was also a bit disspointing. The major issue for me was that smoking was permitted in the small, closed room and as a non-smoker this made it very unenjoyable. We weren't able to remain inside for more than half an hour. Another major dissapointment was the casino. It was very small and consisted mainly of slot machines. As there were never many players, there was only ever one blackjack table playing. The result of all these factors put together was that there wasn't much to do in the evenings. In contrast to the dissapointing entertainment, the food was better than I expected. The buffets were good as they served fresh, simple, real food. It wasn't fine dining, but it wasn't the fake,cheap, made-in-bulk fare that one often encouters at buffets. As a vegetatrian, I didn't have a great selection of meat alternatives to choose from but I had enough to keep me satisfied and well-fed. I can't say the same for the restaurants though. Not one had a single vegetarian dish on the menu (save for desserts). Even salads and soups always had some form of meat put in. This aside, the restaurant food itself was quite good( with the exception of the mexican one which was absolutely terrible). Once again, not nearly the quality or flavour that you would expect at a real restaurant but good considering it was at an all-inclusive. My only complaint is that after almost every night we dined at one we woke up with sore stomachs. Yet overall I was pleased with the food and it did not take away from our stay.The highlight of the resort by far was the pool and beach. Both were abslutely beautiful and we spent many lovely hours there. The one major flaw was that there was not a single life guard on the tire resort. Thankfully this was never a real problem, but it took away for my overall sense of security. Another thing I should mention is that despite what the website says widsurfing is not offered at the resort anymore due to many accidents. So unless you know how to sail in a catamaran the only water sport you can do is kayak (unless you're willing to pay a fortune for other activities like scuba-diving or para-sailing).This shouldn't be too much of an issue though, as the beach itself is nice enough to keep you well entertained for many days. In summary, the Catalonia is a great resort for those with more limited budgets but not an excellent one. If you enjoy the beach and sun and don't care too much about entertainment and activities then you will enjoy the Catalonia. Just remember not to leave the safe key in your room!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	-1	4	3	4	

<Author>Lymaris
<Content>Terrible experience!!!! We planing to stay in this hotel for 1 week but we stay just 1 night. This hotel do not have an idea what cleans means. We arrive at 5:30 pm to the hotel and we were hungry, the picnic area near to the pool has a bad chicken and the pool has green lime, at dinning a roach hide in the cheese, the cheff look the roach and did not even change the cheese, at night my daughter wakes me up because her bed has ants. The TV at room did not work. At morning there was no water or light in the hotel. The light coming early but still no water in the room.The only thing was good is the beach.We ask for the refund but they can not help us.they apologized but only offers a better suite. We are a family with kids in ages 10, 14 and 17 and even they do not gave us the refund we decide to move to another hotel. Thanks God we arrive at Magestic Colonial, this one is very different clean, beautiful and friendly.Think before you go there, you can be sick. Bad food, not friendly persons, no service.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	2	

<Author>CarribeanTravel
<Content>Dining with the birds Just returned from the Catalonia Bavaro Resort. The resort was rated a 4.5 star but I would not even give it a 4. The resort itself was nice and fairly well maintained. The room was dated but generally clean. We lucked out and got a room by the ocean but the problem was that the air conditioning only slightly worked. After asking for repair twice we gave up. The service staff were all friendly and for the most part tried to give you what you ask for but you occasionally found that you got something completely different because the person didn't understand. The biggest problem with this resort was the food. It sucked to say the least!!! Sick for 3 days from it. Now it could have been the fact that the buffets were open air and when you dine you dine with the birds that are nesting in the rafters and coming down to help themselves to the food. Look up people and you will see bird dung on the rafters, now that said if it is on the rafters I am sure it makes it down to the food. It seems sparrows love fresh cakes and pastries as they really seemed to prefer this area of the buffet.The beach area was nice but the seaweed was a little much in the area. The pool was great but very warm.The drinks sucked unless you like sweat sweat drinks. Full of sugar and nothing blended in front of you. In fact I never saw a blender at any of the bars  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>NMNS
<Content>wonderful vacation       garden  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	5	3	

<Author>blynn82
<Content>Great hotel for relaxation, but nothing too spectacular A group of 6 of us travelled to this hotel with Nolitours. First off, let me say that Nolitours turned out to be a pretty great tour operator. I had heard some horror stories about them in past (even from my parents) but they were great for us. Very friendly and informative tour rep. Also, one of us lost our luggage upon arrival (great way to start a vacation for a first timer) and thankfully through the diligent work of the Nolitours staff, my friend had her luggage back in her hands that same evening!! We also flew with Air Transat, and even though my personal experience with them in the past has be horrible, this time everything was on time. For the resort itself I find it easiest to breakdown into sections.The Hotel Itself/Grounds - Very clean, and well maintained. Beautifully kept grounds, and friendly staff. As many others have said, the language barrier is a bit difficult, but just be friendly and patient, and they will try their best to accomadate you. The layout was excellent in my opinion. The Lobby, Casino, Shops, Main Restaurant, Stage and Disco were all located in the one centralized area, which made it easy to go from one spot to the next without having to walk a great deal to get somewhere. I find some resorts when they are overly spread out is a bit of a nuisance. All the rooms are located on your way to the beach from the above activity areas. About a 5 min walk. The pool is right by the beach, which was nice to get the breeze off the ocean, and there is also another small restaurant by the pool. Some people have said the water in the pool was cold. I personally did not have a problem with it. A little frigged to begin with, but once you are in, it's fine. For me I prefer to be re-freshed then be swimming in something that feels like bathwater, but that's just me. The pool was very clean though.The Beach - Not the nicest beach I've seen (especially for Punta Cana). There was quite a bit of seaweed, but they did try and keep it as clean as possible by combing it each morning. The water itself was beautiful though, great temperature and fairly calm. If you go to the right once you are on the beach past the Bavero Royal and up a little walkway there are some vendors there. Friendly people and good prices. Most are willing to barter, and if they are being difficult then just move on, you'll likely find the exact same thing in the next shop.Rooms - Not a huge fan of the room set up. I enjoy the villa style, however I found the rooms themselves a little cramped. Beds were ok, but only singles. Also, the jacuzzi style tub I thought was a waste of space, and not very practical. I would have prefered to have a bigger standup shower then the huge oversized tub (which takes a day to fill!) The maids were very nice though and we just left a little tip each day. Rooms were kept clean, and the mini-bar was well stocked at all times. I would recommend asking for the top of the villa though. Sound was an issue. It sounded like the people above us had about 8 children that enjoyed jumping around at 7am each morning! Food - Since I've travelled to the DR mulitple times, I have a bit of an expection regarding food. This resort did not really meet them. We ended up having to eat at the buffet every night because none of us were patient enough to wait in line to make reservations for the a la cartes. It was basically the same type of food every night, with a bit of variation in the meats department. Good for kids though, because hot dogs, hamburgers, pizza, and french fries were always available. Don't get me wrong, none of us starved or anything, and none of us got sick from the food (just booze :D). It was just a little bland after a whole week of the same thing. I did hear the a la cartes were quite good, so if you have the patience to stand in line I would recommended it just to break up the week.Excursions - We all did the ATV's and had a blast. I highly recommend it and it's only a half day. Well priced for what you get. You get to go to a local beach that has the bluest water I have ever seen, and sooooo warm for the ocean. A couple of others did the swimming with the Sharks and Stingrays and they all had an amazing time on that half day excursion as well. Some of us did the full day Catamaran, and even though they said it was fun, a lot of the time is spent on a bus going from one spot to another, and they didn't feel it was worth the money they paid for what they did.Overall - I would recommend this place to a friend if they are looking for a fairly inexpensive holiday to relax. You get what you pay for. If you have have high expections, or like to be pampared, DON'T go here. We are all fairly laid back people and had a great time, just cause we relaxed, drank and ate! You are on vacation, enjoy!! Hope this helps :D  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>ERAUsa
<Content>Wasted Time and Money Just got back from a 4 night stay at the Catalonia. We stayed from July 17th to the 21st. Me, my husband and a 5 year old. We didn't plan alot it was a getaway we managed to sqweeze in. Actually I read reviews concerning the kids club, nobody mentioned that the kids had very little to do, coloring can't be fair for someone who has traveled so far. So we stayed with him at the pool and beach most of the time. The pool was huge, the beach is beautiful and so are the hotel grounds. The hotel needs remodeling and maintenance urgent. It's a very old hotel, something that has not been said either. The rooms need to be updated and cleaned. We joked at the fact that a dead cockroach stayed at the room with us the whole time, always missed by the housekeeping personnal. We had termites in our bed board and my husband ended with several bed bug bites in his head. We told the front desk who suggested to the see a doctor in the hotel, The consultation cost $90.00 dollars and he was prescribed calamine lotion. One week after returning we are still dealing and concerned about the bites since we've seen no improvement. He has been on antibiotics, has done blood tests and we are waiting to see results. We've traveled alot and have other experiences to compare with. The food was fine, didn't hear much merengue or bachata considering I was in Dominican Republic. The only thing I learned about their culture was constant story telling about needing money, it was awful outside the hotel it seems they aren't very proud about who they are, but very aware that a little story could get you to bend and help out. I suggest that if you can spend a little more to stay someplace else... if you do want to stay inside a hotel your whole stay, but places like Cancun, Jamaica, Puerto Rico, Cozumel will have you returning. Though not all experiences are the same, sadly this is ours...we will not return to Dominican Republic or the Catalonia.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fleet12
<Content>Back in a Heartbeat The Catalonia Bavaro Beach Resort is a fabulous resort choice because it essentially caters to all ages. The resort grounds are quite large but as a whole, are very well laid out. Use the Resort Map that comes in your Room Package or the large version just past the wooden boardwalk outside of the lobby in order to get your bearings on the first day.ACCOMMODATIONS:The room was beautiful but was not perfect. Our room was in a villa situated across from the pool and only steps away from the ocean. The maid service was very prompt -- they were at the room by around 9-10a.m. each morning. If you are a late riser, you can ask the maid to come back later in the day, or you can put a Do Not Disturb tag on the outside door handle. We left $2 each day for the maid and she left full cases of water next to the fridge, on top of stocking the fridge with beer, soda, and individual bottles of water. While the service at the resort OVERALL was not 5-star by any stretch, the maids were excellent. There were minor issues with the room (the TV picture was fuzzy and the bathroom door did not fully shut) but then again, you are probably not about to make a carribean resort selection based on TV quality. One hammock for every room is a nice touch; we used ours daily.BEACH/POOL:Both were stunning. The water temperature of the pool was perfect and there was plenty to do for all -- whether lounging in the shade of a beach/pool hut, napping in the hammocks or on the lounge chairs, getting involved with water activities, or seeking shade at the swim-up bar. Compared to other resorts that I've stayed at, there was a considerable amount of seaweed the routinely washed up onto the shoreline, but it was regularly collected by a beach maintenance crew every few hours. Don't miss the beach stretching/exercises that start out in the ocean at around 11/1130am or the Beach Crazy Game that starts just prior to that.There are kayaks, catamarans, and snorkel gear that can be rented out at no extra cost. Catamaran lessons are $25 and then guests can take them out on their own.FOOD:The nice thing about the Catalonia Bavaro Resort is that guests are entitled to FOUR a la carte restaurants -- as opposed to the normal 1 or 2 depending on where you stay. The Japanese, Italian, and Mexican were all fabulous with terrific service. The American a la carte was the only shortfall of resort food for the entire trip -- even still, it was not that bad. If you take a particular liking to any one of these a la cartes it is possible to exchange reservations at Guest Services (ie: you might be able to eat at the Mexican restaurant twice instead of opting to eat at the American).There are two main buffets (one situated next to the pool and the other situated near the lobby and main entrance. The lobby buffet is superior in selection and food quality but both were pretty good. Like anything else, it is probably wisest to stick to safe choices for food. However, nothing that we ate made us sick over the span of the entire week. The snack buffet serves fast-food type foods and is located on the other side of the pool. The Pizza Buffet was a mainstay for many people for lunch. The pizza was possibly the best I've ever had.Points worth noting: the pasta chefs cook up excellent pasta at main buffets; ditto for omelettes. RESORT GROUNDS:The best-kept resort I've ever been to. The plantlife, birds, and water-life will blow you away. There are plenty of places to sit and relax although most of our time was spent at the beach and the pool.ENTERTAINMENT:Caught 3 out of 7 shows for nightly entertainment at the main theatre. The 'Michael Jackson Show' was terrific and all of the shows featured many of the activities crew that ran activities throughout the day. All of them work extremely hard to ensure that you enjoy yourself, and many went to the disco later in the night to get things going on the dance floor. Really enjoyable people to be around.CASINO/GOLF:As can be expected, the casino is small. There slot machines and a few tables, but don't let this feature be the selling point for your resort decision. The golf course looked STUNNING and under-used although we didn't get a chance to play. I believe that it cost ~$65 for 9 holes and ~$85 for 18.OTHER:Internet on the other side of the lobby is $5 per half-hour. If you are bringing a lap-top, there is free WiFi in the lobby but only in the section closest to the front desk. Be sure to sit in one of the couches nearest the front desk in order to get access.OVERALL:As mentioned before, this resort has a little bit of something for everyone. There are ample tours that can be booked with any of the tour operators in the front lobby. If you plan on booking ATVs, do not book with Club Caribe because you will end up driving them for less than half of the amount of time that they promise. Your best bet for ATVs and Dunebuggies may be NolitTours but there are plenty of other tour operators that you can talk to. In addition, there are local shopping huts off of the resort property if you walk in either direction down the beach. Once a week there are vendors that come in and you can purchase items from them. Don't be suckered into buying anything -- especially an item that you don't really want. They can be very persistent and, more importantly, annoying if you don't put your foot down. This was perhaps the only thing that truly bothered me on the trip.I would go back to the Catalonia Bavaro Beach Resort in a heartbeat. In terms of food (most items), resort cleanliness, water  water activities, staff, and entertainment, you will NOT be disappointed. This is a phenomenal resort in terms of value for your money, and the resort itself is absolutely beautiful. Don't think twice about visiting the Catalonia Bavaro Beach Resort, and make sure to check out the traveller photos on this site if you need any more assurance!Cheers  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	3	4	

<Author>Sratts
<Content>A great place with a fabulous staff This was our second trip to Catalonia Bavaro and it was even better than our first trip. The beach was terrific, the people there were very friendly and Martin the bar tender on the beach was a blast. Our room was not as nice as the last time we were there, but it was still a good room, with great views and it was clean and well kept. The maid service was excellent and very helpful if they were needed for anything.The buffets (one near the beach/pool and one in the main area) were good, although I preferred the main buffet to the pool buffet because the selection was larger. The only negative that I have about the food was the snack bar. When Kelvin was at the snack bar, the place was good and the service was great, when Kelvin was not there, the snack bar seemed to be understaffed and under planned. On two occasions that I went to the snack bar (Kelvin absent) there was no pizza and none being made until a line formed, there was 1 hotdog on the grill, and the fries were empty. It seemed as if they had no idea that more than one or two people would come by. As I said, that was the only negative period.If you go, make sure that you visit the Japanese restaurant and ask for Juan as your chef (he was a blast), The Italian restaurant was a very pleasant surprise, and the Mexican was fun. The Steakhouse was good, except for an unfortunate incident with some music that someone had given them to play that contained racist lyrics. The staff moved with speed and haste when I pointed out the problem with the music, and changed it. The resort added a Crepe bar that was a pleasant surprise.The main bar area was a lot of fun, and the staff is out of this world. Eddy, Raquel, Candalarria, Jose Manuel and the rest made the time there very enjoyable, and I would recommend that you get to know them.William and Julio and Nestor in the main buffet were eager to help and fun to know. The kids that were there seemed to be having fun with the kids club crew, and the shows were fun and entertaining.If you go, and you should, make sure to plan to have fun and leave your attitude at home. The staff did a great job dealing with some people who were difficult and hard to please. We met people from all over the world and have some great friendships from our time here.When we go back to Punta Cana, we will definitely go back to Catalonia Bavaro  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dancake
<Content>Too bad...       the beach  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	4	2	1	

<Author>msreynolds08
<Content>A fabulous week spent in paradise!       our villa. room at the top.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>sugarplum99
<Content>Amazing trip lovely beach! A group of us stayed at the resort from June 27th-July 4th. All in all it was an amazing trip! Flight: was with sky service and I must say that their customer service is not the best. Flight attendants were very moody with the exception of one. Flight was very bumpy and we were all happy to land in Punta Cana! When we arrived at the airport you walk into the 鈥渕ain building鈥?It鈥檚 quite a long line because there are ladies dressed up and they literally make you take a picture with them, if you decline you get a wonderful sound (kissing teeth) its funny but be prepared! After all was said and done we took the bus to the resort.Resort: Wonderful so pretty and I wish I was still there! We were checked into Villa 21 which at the time seemed like a long trek from front desk with all our luggage! I have a HUGE fear of bugs and saw several roaches. (gross) I even saw a roach one afternoon by the front buffet crawling near the food with people all around in the daylight. I don鈥檛 want to think about the ones I did not see. This truly makes me sick, I understand where the country is located this happens, but its gross! Maybe I saw them because I look for them but they dirty buggers are not hard to see and find. The beach is wonderful and water is crystal clear. You will often see fish swimming near you so bring some goggles for a better look! You can rent snorkeling equipment for 20 US dollars for 陆 hour and you get the deposit back once you return the things but I never did this, as everyone uses the same mouth piece. To get the shade umbrella things you need to be there super early. The nightly shows are amazing and the entertainment staff work very hard. There are activities on the beach as well in the morning, yoga, water aerobics Spanish lessons etc. All lots of fun! Never stayed by the pool it was to hot without the breeze of the beach. LOTS of topless women and kids.. (Shocking to see preteens without tops) so be for warned! Rooms: We got to our rooms around 1030ish. We heard loud banging and wondered what it was. Looked out the window and there was construction going on. It continued late into the night and finally at 1am we called downstairs and requested a new room, which was given to us the next day. Be warned the construction is loud although no cranes are visible and you head banging and talking even through closed doors! We got 2 rooms in villa 7. This resort seems to have a problem with having rooms with 2 single beds but they will gladly bring a separate single bed to your room. The rooms are ok you get a small fridge which never seems cold enough but it鈥檚 always stocked with pop water and beer. The rooms are never cleaned before noon and honestly they could be cleaned better. The first night we check into the hotel there was sand in the sheets, and it was not from us! The water was always cold, apparently they had issues with the hot water so if that鈥檚 not fixed make your showers fast lol! They have a HUGE tub in the room but it looked dirty and gross so if you want to use it maybe bring Lysol wipes and you can clean it yourself you will be happy you did! The shower is small with visible mold in it. All this being said you are on vacation and you don鈥檛 spend that much time in your room. There is no clock in the room. There is a TV but you don鈥檛 get many channels, maybe on the royal side you do but we did not. We did one day trip and it was a long one 750am-715pm but we are so happy we went to the island. Some troubles on the island but its not worth writing about becasue being there makes up for everything!Staff at the resort dont all speak english which makes it hard but if you take your time talking to them it all works out! If you stay at this resort you will have an amazing trip, all resorts have things wrong with them but this is truly a wonderful resort and I would go back even with some of the problems I had. ps There is a market thats a 7 dollar cab ride from the resort and you can get amazing deals. The people there at first seem pushy but when you get to know them they are as sweet as pie!!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>hammertoface
<Content>Great for a relaxing getaway I'm a 27 year old male who travelled from Toronto to Catalonia Bavaro with my girlfriend for a weeks stay from July 4th - 11th. Overall, this place is great. I didn't want to do anything but relax and lay around in the sun and it was absolutely perfect for that. I didn't go on any excursions, or watch any shows or go to the disco, so I can't comment on that, but the beach, pool, weather and room were all excellent. All of the people working at the resort seemed to be enjoying themselves and it had a great vibe. I tipped usually when I received drinks from the bar, but unlike the US or Canada, the bartenders and people waiting the tables did not seem concerned with tips, and you didn't feel like that's all they cared about. Sometimes they even walked away while I was trying to tip them!In all of the buffet restaurants there are beer and soda taps that you can help youself too, so you don't even have to ask if you want to get a beer! I loved this so much. I would suggest bringing a thermos or your own large cup to drink out of as the cups they have are quite small. Some of the mixed drinks were weird, but once I found a couple that I liked I stuck to those. The Blue Hawaiian was my favorite, but sometimes they don't put rum in it unless you ask. So make sure you say with rum when you order it.The food was the only part of the trip that was less than perfect, which is why I gave this resort 4 out of 5. I think they have almost too much selection in the buffets, making it a little bit quantity over quality. I am a vegetarian and most of the non-meat options were average, but again, once I found a few awesome things I was set. The pizza at the pool is awesome, the omelette station is great (and they will make regular eggs fresh for you too), and all of the salads are yummy too. If you are a meat eater I'm sure you'll have no problem finding a whole bunch of great foods. There were a lot of europeans there, which makes me feel like the food was more catered to that style over the north american style I am used to.A la carte restaurants were good, but not excellent. The Italian was good, and the Teppanyakki (they cook in front of you) Japanese was great. Mexican was pretty average. I didn't try the steak house since I don't eat meat :)Room was totally awesome. I tipped $3 a day on the pillow and the maid brought me as much beer as I wanted for the mini fridge. We were in building 6, right near the pool which was a great location. I recommend asking for a room in 4, 6, or 8 as those are the best location to everything. This resort is the closest one to the airport, so it is a lot better than Sirenis which is like over an hour away. The resort feels totally safe, I didn't feel like anyone was going to jump me, or try to steal from me at all. There was also no mosquitoes, no wind (other than a nice breeze), and no bugs or anything that I saw. I brought bug spray but never used it. Make sure you bring a ton of sunscreen as if you run out, it's really expensive to buy more.I would go back here again for sure without a doubt. It's a great place.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>DABOUBOU18
<Content>I loved everything about it! Want to move there!! Everything was amazing!!! The food, the service, the room, the cleaning in the room was done every day and also they filled the little fridge everyday!!! The buffet was great!! The a la carte restaurants were amazing. The drinks at the bar were amazing! We even made friends with the animation staff and the waiters..! The people there were so nice. Never met nicer people than them! The hotel is so beautiful! Your garinteed a great stay when you book there! The animatio every night is so entertaaining and the girls are gorgeous!! We loved the country so much we are actually considering living there! Will be returning asap!! :D:D:DTo make it short everything was amazing!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>john210
<Content>mui bien Just returned from a one week stay (July 5 - 12). This was our (wife and 8 yr. old daughter) first experience with the DR. I guess it is all about expectations.....we booked last minute and got a great deal. The only negative about the whole trip was our Canjet flight. Talk about low / no frills!!!! Even the crew was not up to par. I thought maritimers were friendly.Anyhow, back to the Catalonia. Arrived rather late due to MTL. airport baggage problems. After a nice air conditionned 15 minute bus ride to the resort, we checked in rather quickly and got a ride to our room in Villa 9 (half way between the beach and the restaurants / lobby). Unfortunatelly, all the restaurants were closed so we had to settle for some ice cream. I found out that evening that although I spoke 3 languages fluently, I regretted not taking spanish courses in school. Languages spoken by staff varied but the order is 1- spanish 2- french 3 - english 4 - italian.Like in every other establishment, you can tell pretty quickly what staff was genuinelly happy to be serving the guests and who was there for the tips. The tone was set pretty early as our bus guide literally asked for us to tip the bus driver after his 5 minute spiel telling us in a nutshell not to drink the tap water. We pretty much tipped everybody from the maid to the restaurant staff (including buffet). These folks barely make enough to get by so in their defense they need the tip. When I checked out I asked the clerk for some change for a $5 (by the way US currency is fine....forget about Canadian) so that i could tip the baggage handlers etc. He actually had the balls to ask me if it was for him and that he only made $200 a month and the baggage handlers made more than he did. I told him that we North Americans tip because of the service we receive, not because he thought he was underpaid. My wife was a little more direct and told him to change job. I just spent a whole paragraph on tipping.....The food: a la cartes were pretty good. My favourites were:1) Italian2) Mexican3) Japanese4) SteakhouseWe only had supper at the buffets twice since we ate at the beach barbecue one evening. Most of our luches were at the swimming pool snack bar. Great pizza nd rotisserie chicken. Also had hot dogs / hamburgers / nachos available.Ate most of our breakfast buffets at the smaller restaurant between the pool and the beach. Selection slightly smaller but the view more than made up for it. Nothing like starting your day with a nice omellette a little coffee while looking at the ocean. Beach bar attendant Martin was always smiling and seemed genuinely happy to be mixing drinks...thankfully the alcohol is watered down or some people would not make it past noon.Although the shows are not broadway quality, the costumes and choreography alone were well worth it. A quick word about the entertainment staff. I have never seen harder working people. These young folks are on the beach at 10:00 and in the disco til 2:00. They are always smiling and in a good mood. Special hello to Angelis. Also a special mention to the pool waiters who run around all day in long black pants (for some reason).Pool and beach were wonderful. The room was fine but honestly we spent very little time there other than to sleep. They had a Domenican night where locals came in to sell their wares. Why I am not sure especially since most if not all of the stuff is fake. I am a big cigar afficionado and was smoking while walking around. Everyone selling jewelry and trinkets came up to me. Nobody selling cigars came within 20 ft. of me.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>agrigar
<Content>Loved Everything abotu the Catalonia Bavaro       dinner buffet  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>looking_forward08
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised My cousin and I (24 and 25 females) stayed at the Catalonia Bavaro Resort from June 22-29th. We set out looking for a relaxing trip but definitely not a boring one, and we were not disappointed.Check-in: There was a big group of us checking-in at the same time so we actually had to go to a separate room behind the reception area to get checked-in. We arrived at about 11:30am or so and all of our rooms were ready, which was nice. The bell boy took our luggage and it almost arrived at our room before we did (luckily he saw us walking by and gave us a lift). Our villa was pretty much in the middle so it wasn鈥檛 too far from the main area or the beach/pool area.Room: We had no complaints about our room. Very spacious and clean. There are plenty of lights for those that complain that the room is too dark, it鈥檚 just a matter of figuring out which switch is for which light. The hammock was a great touch too. The bath tub is huge like most have mentioned but I didn鈥檛 find that the shower was small at all. The maid service was good鈥?sure sometimes we got to the room and it wasn鈥檛 cleaned yet (early-mid afternoon) but we were on the 3rd floor so sometimes it took longer to get to our room. The only problem that I had was that the doors can slam a bit so when our neighbours were leaving their rooms in the mornings, it woke me up. But other than that, we were very pleased.Beach/Pool: Magnificent. The beach was gorgeous with its white sand and blue water. The water was calm (no crashing waves) and warm. Sure there was some seaweed but come on, you鈥檙e in the ocean, there is only so much a resort can do to stop that. The workers did do a good job cleaning it up on the sand though. Lots of loungers so no need to wake up early to get one unless you want one under the palapas. The pool was good too considering I鈥檓 not a pool person. The water temperature was great and the water was clean. Again, lots of chairs around, even if you went later in the day, just not much under the shade unless you are there early. The bar was also good (love the swim-up bar)鈥?those bartenders work so hard.Food/drinks: We really enjoyed the food at the Catalonia. To be quite honest, we were rarely awake for breakfast so we had it probably about 3 times in total, but those three times were great. The fruit shakes were one of the highlights of breakfast (banana yummm) and the omelet station was good too. My cousin and I are seafood lovers so when lunch and dinner came around, we had plenty to choose from. If you are looking for 鈥淣orth American鈥?food, then you might be limited in your options but there is a pasta station, pizza, chicken, and I believe hamburgers as well. By the pool, there is also another buffet and a snack bar that doesn鈥檛 close like the other buffets. The a-la cartes were pretty impressive (considering we were in the Dominican). We ate at all four restaurants- Japanese, Italian, Mexican, and American Steakhouse and never left hungry (or thirsty). The d茅cor at each restaurant was a nice touch as well.Now for the drinks, majority of the time we had the iced drinks such as Banana Mamma (yumm) and Pina Colada. They are not super strong but that was good enough for us鈥?we could have always asked for them to make them stronger if we wanted to (the bartenders are really nice). Night Entertainment: I didn鈥檛 have high expectations so I thought that the shows were good. The Michael Jackson show on Saturday was great so you need to get there early to get a good seat. After the show, the Catalonia band plays some music so guests can dance and the entertainment team grabs some guests to dance as well. It鈥檚 a great, fun environment. At 11 p.m. the disco opens. Now I鈥檓 just speaking from my experience but I had a great time at the disco. Sure it鈥檚 not like a club downtown Toronto but considering it was a resort disco, it was a lot of fun. It never gets super rammed but there were a lot of people when we went. For those looking for North American music, you may be disappointed. They play a lot of Bachata, Merengue, etc but they take requests if you really want to. My only complaint would be the bar service, sometimes it took a good 5 minutes to get a drink but the poor bartender was working really hard. The disco is open until 2 a.m. Overall: My cousin and I had a great time. Being two single ladies, we were a little worried at first since there were a lot of couples but after a couple of days, we met a lot of other single people (and even couples) from all over the world (lots of Germans and Spaniards). We also felt very safe during the day and at night. The grounds were very well maintained and service was pretty good too. We blew a fuse the first night and someone was at our room in about 5 minutes and it was during a thunderstorm. We always had a phone call in the late afternoon/early evening from reception asking if everything was okay. The staff is very friendly and they work so hard. We are so glad that we chose the Catalonia and we will definitely return. I tried to cover everything but please PM me if you have any questions.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>jennna
<Content>If you like Pina Coladas... My boyfriend and I just got back to Canada after an amazing, hot and beautiful one week trip to Punta Cana. Our Skyservice flight from Pearson was great as was the arrival into Punta Cana airport. It was very well organized (and airconditioned) when we arrived, and had little to no confusion as to where to go. Once we passed customs we went into a room to find out travel company (ours was nolitours) and they told us which bus to go onto to get to the Catalonia Bavaro. Driving up to the resort after only 10min on the bus was great! I could not believe how fabulous it looked. It was all lit up as it was 9:30pm when we got there. There were vendors selling things in the lobby which only happens on Friday nights there. It is convinient for those travelers who don't plan on leaving the resort to shop. We stayed in Villa 27 which was between the beach and main lobby so we didn't have a far way to walk to either! The room was clean but could use for some updating in the next little while. The first day we didn't think we had hot water but turns out we were turning the tap the wrong way! Sounds stupid, but it was opposite (towards the blue is hot and red is cold). So we found out the hard way....We had no water on the 4th day and so we went to customer service and they fixed it while we were at lunch! The TV was nice to watch before bed and it had so many english channels! About 100 channels in total and we found over 20 to be english (and they played good movies!). The blow dryer was great and always hot! The bathtub was the best, it was a two person one and actually filled up fast. One night i timed it at about 15min and it was soooo hot, which was great. No clock in the room though so bring an alarm clock or cellphone to get you up in time for excursions etc. Beds were very comfy compared to previous ones in Cuba. Although the pillows were terrible so bring your own! And finally, small bugs in the room but that was expected. They were almost impossible to see and they were only on the floors so we didn't mind. How often are you in your room on vacation anyways?We had a problem with our key not working once and it was because we put it with our camera. It is magnet and so is the camera so the reception desk told us this would deactivate the room key. It took about 5 seconds to re-activate it...not a problem at all!!The food was great here, no major complaints. however the buffet was open for breakfast at 6:30- 10 and lunch from 12:30-3. I found this to be awkward because my boyfriend and I wanted to eat around 10:30- 11 and we really couldn't. Crepes were awsome!! We had so many over the course of the week. I recommend the apple and chocolate ones. The a la carte restaurants were clean and had very fast service! No waiting, no lines, no problems. Sometimes the food was overcooked but i'd rather that then have it raw. I wasn't about to let that ruin our vacation. Both my boyfriend and I would recommend the pasta at lunch and dinner in the buffet, it was made to order and very very tasty. We spent most of our time at the pool because it had lots of seating, a swim up bar, great music, beautiful sun, a breeze and shade if needed. We brought our own towels (in bright colours) and i suggest this to anyone because everyone else at the resort has the blue hotel towels and its hard to see where you put your stuff. Also, if you lose it then you have to pay i think $20 per towel...maybe even more. The drinks were fabulous!! They made exactly what you wanted and the bar tenders worked their behinds off! Just a warning (good or bad), if you tip the bar tenders then they will make your drinks stronger! Try the caiprina drink!!We also did the 4 wheeler excersion. It was 3 hours for $70 (for 2 people, so $35 per person). It was so worth it! My boyfriend drove and i took videos and pictures on the back while holding on. You go all over the beach and the island and stop off to swim in the Atlantic! Well worth it. The shows at 9:30 each night were awsome! The dancers looked great and i have to give them credit for dancing in that heat! There is a popcorn machine in the lobby for a snack during the show and it is very tasty. All in all we had a fabulous time! Well worth the money and very relaxing. I love visiting the South because it is a totally different culture, lifestyle and pace of living. Be patient and have fun with the staff. They love their jobs and are there to make your vacation even better. Neither of us let the little things bother us and we just enjoyed every minute of it. We highly suggest visiting the Catalonia Bavaro!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>leilaxo
<Content>Good times at Catalonia Bavaro :) This was my third time in the Dominican and I have to say it was also my most meamorable visit. The overall hotel property is huge. My room was close to reception, which was perfect for nightly entertainment, bars and dinner. However, it was on the complete opposite side of the beach and pool so it was sort of a walk to get there. The resort has many places you could eat at. Two buffet, one by the pool and the other by reception. There is also a grill at the pool which is always open that serves amazing pizza! Then there are four a la carte restaurants, which include: American, Italian, Mexican and Japaneese. The American and Mexican were my top two. Be careful with the meat there because for some reason it always tends to be undercooked. There is also a crepe cafe where the gift shops are, which is absolutely incerdible. They are only open in the afternoons and serve all kind of things from crepes to banana splits. Also, of all the hotels I have been to this place has the nicest cocktails I have ever had. I highly reccomend the Banana Mama and Miami Vice. Amazing! The bartenders are by far the friendliest staff. Some staff are WAY friendlier than others. I did not find the service to be too great. Our maid for some reason always forgot to leave towels, any towels! And when I called reception it took 45 min to an hour sometimes until someone brought them by. I found the nightly entertainment to be okay. I went to the disco once or twice and it was never ever full or very busy. The beach was not the nicest and huts were ALWAYS taken. I woke up at the crack of dawn one day to try and reserve one, but they were already taken. I went with my boyfriend and we both had a good time! We always tipped and found that some of the staff were much better to us.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	2	4	

<Author>fmsBurlington
<Content>This was our Worst Holiday. Never going back to Punta Cana! My husband and I usually have no complaints, but unfortunately we had something to complain about everyday at the Catalonia. It started the first night when we had NO hot water. Little did we know this would continue the whole week. They have a beautiful sunken tub and the only time I could use it was to give myself a cold sponge bath. Don't think we could have used it anyway because it would have taken all day to fill it and it wouldn't have been pleasant with frigid water.Towels were replaced only when Guest Services called your room or if you could run someone down.The mini-bar in the room was only stocked when you complained as was the coffee machine. Keep in mind that the water from the taps should not be used so you need to brush your teeth with it as well. Bottled water is a neccessity, it should be well stocked!The sheets always felt gritty, like they had been washed in sand.The TV is old, and never gave you a good picture. The volume was either too low or too LOUD, especially the commercials. They supposedly have sattelite, but there is really very little to watch and as with everything else it was not working for a day as well.The phones need to be updated as well. Our phone was always full of static, and one day the cord broke off of the hand set. Standard answer to everything is it's not just your room, it's everywhere on the resort. Repair man came  had to fix the phone line from inside as well as outside.I think one of the worst things as if the above wasn't bad enough was the Buffet. The birds were left to fly from one table to the next and were feeding off the buffet before any of the guests! Thank goodness for the Pasta station or I would not have eaten at all! (it's behind glass  someone cooks it for you)The ala carte restaurants were disappointing. Portions were very small, but we had no birds joining us for dinner!This was supposed to be a relaxing holiday for my husband and instead I have never seen him so upset.Although the grounds, beach and pool are beautiful spend the extra money  go somewhere that is newer with a closed in buffet. If you insist on going to the Catalonia, eat at the Snack Bar. It's the only place worth eating at.Better yet, go on a Cruise........it's worth the extra money!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>photocarlover
<Content>Awesome! Totally Awesome! Dan  LoriDuration of Stay - June 22 to June 29My wife and I just returned from this resort last sunday and we had a FANTASTIC time!!! We have NO complaints about the Catalonia Resort and we got what we expected, no surprises.The staff were all very friendly and all making sure your needs and wants were taken care of. I will break it down as follows.Staff- All worked hard to entertain the guests, to keep the whole resort VERY clean, and ALL were always friendly and courteous!!There was always plenty to do with them at the beach, the pool area, and at the nightly shows. I also wanted to mention that some of the entertainment staff spoke several languages each which we found VERY impressive.Rooms- Very spacious and clean and always kept clean on a daily basis, all towels replenished daily and the mini bar fridge replenished daily.Food- We loved both the quality and assortment of food every day! There were multiple places to eat and drink. We had breakfast every morning at the beach restaurant, which was buffet and homemade omelettes, and we split lunch daily between the beach restaurant, buffet again, and the fast food and pizzeria restaurant by the pool. We had 2 dinners at the a la cartes, Italian and Japanese, and both were EXCELLENT! The other nights we had dinner at the main buffet restaurant at the front of the hotel, where there was a different theme every night and enough choices to please everyone. The food was great wherewver we ate! Shops- There is a little shopping area on the resort that offers everything from souvenirs to food and jewellery and rum. We loved it and got everything we needed here AND at very good prices!Beach, Pool, Grounds- All areas were always kept very clean and there was always staff around to take care of you and help out.We spent most of our time at the beach for relaxation purposes and a few times at the pool. The nightly shows were great. We always felt safe both during the day and at night when there was security.What else can I say? We had an absolute FANTASTIC time all week and we are planning to go back next year . We paid a great price to go here and it was worth even more!I read the reviews before choosing this resort and they helped a lot. Dont pay attention to the negative ones, of which you will notice are very few and inbetween compared to other resorts.My wife and I are just average people and this is a totally honest review.I strongly recommend it to ALL ages!!!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Angel033
<Content>Very relaxing       Grounds of Catalonia  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>GLC
<Content>Caution travelers for Catalonia We stayed at Catalonia Bavaro Resort from June 22 - 27 and we were very disappointed with quite a few things.Room - we stayed in building 23, 3rd floor, halfway between lobby and pool, good location. Clean room overall and nice size with sitting area (what was included in pkg) but there were problems. No towels when we got there so we called. Didn't deliver so we found the laudrymat next door and got some from them. Same thing the next day, no towels but they brought some later. No face cloths at all but they give you sponges. First nite toilet was continually leaking but they fixed it the next morning. No hot water every afternoon from 2-5 so you had to wait to take a shower unless of course you wanted to freeze. TV went off the day before we left and didn't come back on until late that nite - same for everyone there. A/C in room ok but could have been cooler. Blow dryer in bathroom would have taken an hour to dry my hair so I used mine. Blew the circuit out every single time and that was just with the tv on, no lights. Managed to get it dry tho. Keys to our room didn't work one day so we had to walk to the lobby and get new ones. We talked to another couple there (they will also write a review) and they had similar problems as ours, even the key thing. Beds of course are hard but that happens most places - we took a blanket and put underneath the sheet which helped. They have a huge spa tub in the bathroom that we were going to fill. It would have taken 5 days just to get it up to the halfway mark so forget that.Food - now this was the disappointment - buffets were not good. I cannot believe that anyone could eat that food in the other reviews. It was amazing how they could take veggies and turn them into something that nobody could recognize and taste horrible. The one good items were the roasted chicken and fried chicken however my husband got 3 pieces and all were still bloody - didn't eat them of course and even the waiter went ewwww. Even the breakfast had limited food and they put salad and carrots out as a filler, we laughed. The nice thing was you could make reservations for the ala carte restaurants instead of waiting in line in the mornings to get a reservation. Ate at the Rodeo Steak House and the steak was tender (better than the buffets that were like leather) but just a little overdone. Mariachi, Mexican restaurant was our fave. We would have eaten there every nite had we known. La Toscana, Italian - tried 3 different entrees, just OK. There is a place by the pool called Snack Bar Pleamar and unfortunately we didn't try that until the last day - GREAT pizza!!!! I would have lived on that had I known. Heard from another couple the Japanese was not good so glad we didn't try that one.Pool and Beach - Pool is nice and large but just no breeze at all due to where it is located. Beach is gorgeous and huge! There are plenty of palapas however you do need to get out there by 9 a.m. to reserve one, even tho they say you can't, cause they will be taken. Plenty of palm trees tho for shade also. Went to the bathroom by the pool and they had shut the water off so had to wash the soap off my hand in the pool - I think they have a water problem at this resort obviously.Service - well, it was ok. Most were friendly but some sure weren't. My husband likes club soda but from the tap is flat and they would not give him a small bottle of it, which they had plenty sitting there for alcoholic drinks. It was like he was robbing their bar. Heck, he's not even drinking liquor.Would be stay here again? No. I'm sure there are plenty of other resorts that will be so much better than this one. The beaches are gorgeous there tho. We have stayed at so many resorts and found this to be no more than maybe 3 star. We have always been easy to please too so you can either take this as advice or not but hope it helps in making your decision.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	2	2	3	

<Author>travellingbrit99
<Content>An Honest British Opinion       the beach at the catalonia bavaro  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Walker14
<Content>Beautiful hotel but felt isolated from Domenican culture       Beach  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Beentheredonethat77
<Content>A for effort This was my first time booking an entire trip through Expedia.com and I have to say I was pleased. All of the vouchers you need to print out went over very smoothly (apart from a parking voucher, which turned out to be for a park n' ride that we didn't park in; a $144 mistake!). Most of the next comments echo what other reviewers have mentioned already, so I guess I'd just like to reiterate. One of the pluses was that the resort was only 15-20 min. from the Punta Cana Airport. Some of the others were up to 45min to an hour away. The hotel and grounds are very very nice. I was impressed. It is a fairly big place (to walk from our room, which was close to the beach, to the lobby/dining areas took about 5-10 minutes) with many little hotel buildings. Everyday there are so many groundskeepers and cleaning staff, most who greet you with a smile and a Hola. I was also pleasantly surprised with our room. A good size with nice amenities. Yes, the shower is small, and in the same room as the toilet. But you get a nice big round bathtub in the other washroom as well. The balcony is great! The one bad thing was the bed. Very hard!!! I really enjoyed the beach area. They did a great job making that look nice. Lot's of palm trees, lots of lounge chairs, lots of white sand. The ocean water is somewhat clear, but they do need to remove seaweed every morning to make this possible. Not a big deal. WARNING!!!: There were many Europeans there during our stay, which seems to be the time Europeans travel more. Having traveled to places like Australia, Bali an Thailand, I'm used to seeing women sunbathing with their tops off. But I'm sure most Americans are NOT. If you have kids, you may want to take note of this. The pool area is probably one of the main focal points of the resort. I liked the beach better cuz it was more relaxing, but the pool area is great. Nice big bar area, half you can walk up to and the other half you can swim up to. Latin music playing loudly all day long with cheerful bartenders. The pool itself is really big, going off in different directions. Getting a shaded spot is tough on both the beach and pool, but I didn't want shade. Food: In all honesty, I enjoyed the buffet the best. There are so many choices to pick from and it was pretty good, in my opinion. Fresh fruit, lots of cold salads, omelette stations, stations where they cook chicken or steak for you, pizza, pasta, rice, potato and vegetable dishes. Sadly I only went to breakfast once and really enjoyed the breakfast. The 'fine dining' restaurants were a little annoying. While the idea is great, they fall well short of what they aim for. They rotate which nights certain ones are even open. You have to go to this customer service desk and pick which nights you want to eat and at what times. They stress closed shoes and pants for guys, which to me was stupid. We only made it to the American, Japanese and Mexican restaurants. I think I liked the Mexican the best. Japanese was second and the American was just.... sad. The French one was closed when we were there. I heard good things about the Italian one which we failed to get to. Oh, and the snack bar by the pool is good. It does the job. The pizzas are really good! The roasted chicken is good too. They also have hot dogs, french fries and tortilla chips with cheese sauceThere are plenty of activities to try to get involved with and the Animation team are pretty good at it. They work LONG hours everyday and have so much energy. I played a good 2 on 2 volleyball game one afternoon with one of the Animation team guys and 2 European guys. I definitely would have taken advantage of the tennis courts and basketball court, but relaxing was just too good! There are also 2 pool tables and a ping pong table near the lobby bar. We went to the Disco one night. It's pretty cool inside there, and I can imagine during Spring Break time it's nuts. There's a big dance floor in the middle with bar table seating around. I think this resort is somewhere between 3 and a half and 4 stars. If it wasn't for the restaurant food, I'd give it 4. But food is an important part of vacation and sadly, it just wasn't up to par. But the grounds are wonderful, the pool is fun and the beach is great! I'd really recommend this place for couples who are traveling with groups of friends. I wouldn't say it was the most romantic place I've been to, but it works fine for a week getaway I suppose. But if friends were with, I think it would be a blast. Tours: We took 2 tours. Saona Island($85 pp) and Santo Domingo ($70 pp). I have to say I was very disappointed with Saona Island after reading so many good reviews. They take you to some very cool spots on the speed boats where the water is ELECTRIC blue and teal and green. But the island itself did nothing for me. The rainy season definitely meant the mosquitoes were out and no joke, I had 5-10 bites on my back while going up to get something to drink once. You are fine in the sun on the beach, but when you have to go into the trees where the food/drink is, be careful. I'm sure it's fine in the dry season. We really enjoyed Santo Domingo. I am fascinated seeing other cities and cultures so this trip was great. It's a very long day though.... We left the resort at 6:25 and didn't get back until 8:30. It's over 3 hours to get to Santo Domingo from Punta Cana, but the tour guide does a pretty good job talking about a lot of things most of the way. You also have to put up with a lot of people coming up to you trying to sell things. But I'm used to this and it's not a problem. You just have to be comfortable saying No, Gracias.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>pooljewel
<Content>Not what I expected We just returned from a 5 night stay at the Catalonia Bavaro and I must say that we were somewhat disappointed. It just wasn't what we expected. We have stayed in Mexico many times, mainly in Cozumel and Playa Del Carmen, and thought we would try something new. Compared to the other resorts where we have stayed (always 3 or 4 star resorts) this was no where near the 4 star rating that it was given....just didn't compare to the Mexico resorts. This might have been a 2 star resort in Mexico. It was without a doubt the worst maid service that I ever received at any hotel/resort I have ever visited. This was not just our opinion, but of every other person that we met while there. Our refrigerater was never restocked. The shampoo conditioner never replenished. We received wash cloths  handtowels upon arrival...never again. We had to call  ask for bathtowels one evening because they were not even restocked. The bathtub that they are so proud of was never cleaned. We finally stopped tipping after the 3rd day. The rooms were old  dingy. Of course a couple of roaches in the room. I'm not going to dwell on the food because everyone complains about the food at all-inclusives (although the specialty restaurants were quite good). Not much activity planning at the pool...had to try to find something to do. I'm not saying we had a terrible time, because it was ok. Will not travel back to the Dominican.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	1	4	2	-1	

<Author>yellowsunsun
<Content>Fantastic Wedding!!!!!!!!!!!       Our suite!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kitcatSt_Louis
<Content>Beautiful Resort!       My husband and I at beach part Monday nights.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>B2T9
<Content>Beautiful Catalonia One word can describe my trip to Catalonia Bavaro, Amazing! I Stayed at Catalonia from May 23rd until May 30th. I had done some research before going on vacation and I wasn鈥檛 really sure if Catalonia would be a suitable place for two 20 year old friends. I was defiantly wrong. We had an amazing time, met amazing people and loved every second of it. I鈥檒l break down some things about what to expect if you decide to go there. I am going to start off by saying that if you are going here expecting a *5* star hotel at American or Canadian standards you will be disappointed. You just have to remember that the Dominican is a poor country and their standards cannot be compared to ours. Food 鈥?I personally enjoyed the food, I know some people didn鈥檛. Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner are an open buffet with the exception of the 4 A La Carte Restaurants: Italian, Steak House, Mexican, and Japanese. The food at the restaurants was really good; it had surpassed all my expectations. I absolutely recommend the pizza by the pool it is AMAZING! I was told that drinks are watered down which absolutely not true, if you feel that there is not enough liquor in your drink let the bartender know and they will be more than happy to add more liquor. Entertainment 鈥?The Disco was always empty don鈥檛 go in hopes of finding an amazing party in there. We had a great time despite the fact that there were only about 10 people a night. The nightly shows were always fun to watch something different every night which made it fun. The Entertainment Team literally works 24 hours a day; they will do anything and everything to ensure that you are having a good time. They have games setup at different times of the day by the pool and the beach and dancing at night after the shows. Room 鈥?Our room was in building 4 which was right across the beach and beside the pool. The room had two beds and was fairly big; we did not spend much time in there. I know some people had problems with their rooms and they were able to move into new rooms. As many people may know the Dominican is a tropical country therefore there are many insects such as cockroaches. In the event that you have a cockroach in your room a staff member will come with a can of raid and kill it. The rooms are always kept clean by the maids and the fridge is always filled with drinks. Beach / Pool 鈥?The Beach is beautiful, the pool is a great place to lounge around and have a drink at the swim bar. Staff 鈥?I don鈥檛 think our trip would have been as amazing as it was without the Staff at Catalonia. From what I saw, most of the staff consists of teens and they work long days. You will see the same person that served you for breakfast at 8 am serving you at dinner at 9 pm. They are really friend, always smiling and saying 鈥渙la鈥? They work really hard and I bet most of make more in a day than they make a month. Tipping them is always nice especially the maid that cleans the room. All in all I loved this place I recommend it to anyone and everyone I would absolutely return in a heart beat without a second though.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lme_flower
<Content>beautiful hotel       the kingfisher-by the ponds  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>JALUV
<Content>Affordable and Wonderful!       My sweetie on the balcony of our room  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>terri1963
<Content>Loved The Resort!!!!! OMG! We stayed at the Catalonia Bavaro from May 29 thru June 5th and had the best time ever. The food was good, the rooms were beautiful - no bugs or mosquitos! We did the Santo Domingo tour. Our Apple Rep told us it would be a two hour bus ride when, in fact, took 4 hours! Our guide was Raymond and he was excellent. Spoke very good English! The tour was excellent. We brought baseballs to throw out to the kids. I would recommend this. Tell the tour guide to stop and he will find a good place. Shopping was good - make sure to make a deal. They always ask for higher prices and dwindle it down to your price. They do have have a 110 outlet in the bathroom so no need to bring a converter. Shower is very small as previous reviews state, but tolerable. We tipped our maid $5 everyday. I know that is a little steep, but if you go outside the resort, it is very destitude. Poor living conditions, trash on the roadside. These people, maybe make $.65/hour. Downside - the margaritas at all the bars were gross, BUT at the Mexican restaurant, they were EXCELLENT! I would recommend this resort and would go back.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TrueIllusion
<Content>Great Vacation       hotel grounds  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>HappyWanderer22
<Content>Best all-inclusive overall We've been to 7 all-inclusive resorts and overall this was the best.Grounds- beautifulRoom- Large comfortableBeach- beautiful, large, private, plenty of shade(grass umbrellas)Pool- Lovely, large, plenty of loungesFood Buffet- excellent for breakfast, good for lunch, fair for dinnerSpecialty restaurants- Italian excellent, CrepeHouse excellent  Mexican very good, Japenese good Steakhouse only fairBars- Fiendly, good for tropical mixes, beer, not cocktails or wineService- good, it helps if you know a little SpanishOverasll very good. We had a great time. I Almost gave it 5 stars!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>jmolina
<Content>Perfect getaway!       the wonderful resort grounds  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tak111
<Content>Friendly, professional, beautiful Three words top my head. Beautiful, Friendly, topnotch. I just came back from it, the resort is beautiful, there are hundreds of ppl constantly working everywhere to make the place a paradise. ppl are super friendly, professional, and amazing. Food are good, You can feel their passion and efforts to make it super. Beach is totally amazing, u can walk 2 -3 km out to the beach and it is not even over your head. I never feel that I need to leave the resort or join any excursion, totally top all my other experiences with cruises and resort for any of my relaxing vacations. last word, i feel that I will be under heavy debate and pressure if I have to pick another resort next time. I dun think i can resist not to pick this one up, or i doubt my luck on picking another one that is better than this one.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>cheersCanada
<Content>Totally exceed our expectations! We paid our first visit to Punta Cana in mid May. Excellent weather, it was sunny with no rain for all 7 days of our stay. Resort is very close to the airport, only a 15mins ride. The best attraction of this resort is the long, white powdery sandy beach with crystal-clear shallow water. Resort condition, facilities, food and cleanliness are all better than what we expected. Staff were all very friendly. Everyday they would lead different activities to make sure you aren't bored. VERY friendly  good service bar-tender Martin on the beach. (Hi Martin!)There is food  drinks everywhere you go. (we were on the all-inclusive package) Excellent crepes (we went there every night)roast chicken, omlette, grills (beef, fish, chicken, seafood), spagetti  pizzas (by the pool). Overall, among the a-la-carte restaurants, I liked the Mexican (especially the shrimp dish)  Italian (soup  lobster) the best.The beach party on Monday night was beautiful  romantic. There was live band music  catering on the beach was excellent (lots of bbq yumm).In terms of shopping, sorry ladies, I think you may be disappointed. Very few stores on site, products are not that appealing for purchasing. There was a little market place on Thursday night. Many things they sold were overly-priced I think.Just be careful when you are at the airport. There would be men coming at you to grab your baggage. I would advise to hold onto your baggages at all times  do not let them take your baggages.We purchased transportation vouchers with our package. There was a small tour bus (van) to come pick us up. So I would say it's safe for an all-girl trip.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>princessa1Toronto
<Content>One of Best Vacations Ever My son and I had an excellent stay at Catalonia during March break. The resort itself is large, but very clean. Pools of water and small bridges remind of Venice and accommodations are more than decent: spacious rooms, a bathtub, hammocks either on a balcony or private patio. If you are fussy about food or service, you will never worry about either in Catalonia. Wait staff is extremely prompt and gourmet dishes are plentiful and never repeat on the main buffet. As for a-la carte, I recommend French ( especially lobster) and Mexican restaurants. Beach is beautiful. There are water sports, bars, and a beach grill restaurant. Different activities are offered on the beach every day. My favourites were stratching and dance classes. Shows are excellent. You can purchase art and souveneers on site.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>vicandmarc
<Content>hope heaven is like this what can i say about this place ,just simply the best place me and my wife have ever stopped in,we travel to all parts of the world 2-3 times a year and this so far tops the the lot ,its not just the place its every thing in it ,the food was excellent and if you go you must try out the differnt al-a-cart as well,the staff carnt do enough 4 you ,the maids do a tariffic job on the cleaning of the rooms ,carnt really praise the staff enoughall in all i would give this hotel a 10 out of ten we will certainly be going back over the next couple of years if you go go with piece of mind that you will be well looked after and have a great holidayp.s. i have only one gripe with the place, its gets bloody hot so take sum good factor cream with you have a great time  marc and vicky nottingham  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	1	5	4	

<Author>HisMamaJuana
<Content>Catalonia Bavaro - Best resort = Best vacation!! ***FYI: THIS IS GOING TO BE A LONG REVIEW OFR THOSE OF YOU WHO ARE INTERESTED***My boyfriend and I went to Catalonia Bavaro not knowing exactly what we would find after reading all of the reviews on Tripadvisor. We stayed from May 11th - May 18th. for our one year anniversary. It was our first time in Rep. Dom. and I have to say, we loved every minute of it! We booked with Nolitours and recevied everything we requested for our room. The flight was 45 minutes before schedule and we arrived at Catalonia at about 11:00 (inlcuding waiting at the airport and driving on the bus to the resort). Our room wasn't ready, but that was fine because that gave us a chance to explore the property.The property is huge!!!! There is alot of walking to do which kind of works out if you'll be drinking a lot of Preseidente - hahahaAt about 1pm we were able to get into our room. It was beautiful and spacious and we had a gorgeous view. Our villa was Villa 8 which is right in the middle of everything. (I would suggest to be in Villa 8 or 10 because are dead centre in the middle of the pool, beach and lobby). Our room was a junior suite, with a king sized bed (requested) non-smoking, even though we are smokers (better quality of room that way) and we would smoke on the balcony as it was never cold outside. There are a lot of English channels - Law and Order, Monk, Cold Case and of course the News, TBS - so no to worry about not being able to watch anything in English. Oh, and try to be on the second or third floor of your villa, you are less likely to have any bugs in the room.Everything you read about the beach and huts are the truth. If you wish to tan on the beach but have the option of shade, you need to arrive at the beach really early and place your towel to save the spot. The main buffet has breakfast until 10am, and my boyfriend and I would get there for 9am, and that is after placing our towels at the pool and finding shade. (You will for sure find shade at the pool at around 830-9am.) I found the breakfast to be amazing, I never went hungry.. pancakes, bacon, croissants, fruits, eggs, you name it, they had it. Don't believe what you read saying the food was hit or miss. (unless you're extremely picky, but you can't be, it's the Dominican!!) Everything was really really tasty and well prepared. They have coffee (which to me kind of had a choclate after taste to it) banana jucie, papaya juice, pineapple juice, organe juice (which kind of reminded of me tang). They had a chef that would make you an omelet with your choice of sides, the line up was pretty long for that, so unless you don't mind waiting, by all means..The second buffet is near the beach, we only ate there twice, there are some different selections from the main buffet, but since it's smaller, there isn't much to choose from. That buffet's breakfast is open until 10:30am FYI..I found that after leaving nice tips to the maid you would obviously get better service (extra towels, little designs on your bed) and as well as getting more replenishment in your mini fridge. (extra water and extra Presidente.) However, every other day my boyfriend and I would leave the Do not disturb sign up, so that didn't really help us. But it was fine to say the least. When it wasn't up, we would get all the extra stuff we needed.My boyfriend and I found the A la cartes to be excellent (me more than him). However, we both agree that the Mexican (El Maricahi) restaurant was the best! I had the tuna and avocado appetizer to start with (tasty goodness) and I had the Chimichangs for my meal. Both exceptional and delightful. mMy boyfriend had the fajitas, everything was good, hot and ready to be eaten. WE had the fritters for our dessert (two real small donuts, try something else if you want a better dessert) (Btw, it is recommended to reserve your seats at the A la cartes when you check in. That way for sure you get to eat at the a la cartes and not at such a late time)The Japanese restrant was great -Mikado - you eat in a square with other ppl and the chef puts on a good show for you. Everything was yummy, appetizer basically futimaki rolls with salmon and tuna sushi. I chose the pieces of steak for my meal and it was just excellent! (They also had chicken and shrimp) The dessert I found to be basically what they serve at the main buffet, maybe one thing different which was ginger cake.The next restaurant was the Steak house, (I can't remember the name - Texas Rodeo Steakhouse??) I had the pork chops and my boyfriend had the steak. His steak was cooked to his perfection, nice and hot and I my chops were tender and savoury. You even get Bud there!!! (If you're tired from drinking Presidente)Finally came the Italian restaurant, (La Toscana) I thought it was pretty good considering. I had the carpaccio for my appetizer (if you like raw and cold appetizers, which is how these traditional appetizers are made btw) then you'll have no problems! I also had the ravioli with spinach and ricotta, and considering Rep. Dom is not Italy, it was pretty tasty. The only thing that was deceiving was the dessert - they had these cream filled pastires that said it was filled with nutella, but that wasn't true - so don't get your hopes up.The entertainment shows were great - I mean considering these people work literally 24/7 - they try their best to put on a good show. Don't get me wrong, some songs may be like real old school songs, which might be a little lame, but hey, over all effort is great. On Monday nightts there is a beach party which is real cool. Try to get there early so you can get a table, and don't worry about eating before the beach party, they have food being made on the beach. (Mistake my boyfriend and I made, which is why we didn't get a real good seat) They had like a trible dance at the Beach party, Dominican dance on the Fri (president's elecetion) Michael Jackson show on the Sat, and some other real good ones that I kind of don't remember but they were still good. As mentioned before by other travellers, they do have shows and things for children, so that will always keep them entertained. And not to mention that they have various games throughout the day (on the beach) for all you activity-goers - FYI - whoever wins, you are presented on stage before each and every show and receive your prize.I mentioned that their beer is Presidente (I found the first night at the main buffet to be extremely gasy - maybe pop was added?) but it was only that one night. The have the mixed drinks, Coco Loco, Banana Mama, Pina Colda, Miami Vice etc - but drink with caution, to many mixed coloured drinks with make you really sick!! All of the alcohol is a bit watered down but anytime you ask for more alcohol, the staff are pleased to add more.. so don't be shy.The weather - PERFECT!!! Hot and sunny all day, depsite everyone had told my boyfriend and I that May is the start of Hurricane season. It did not rain once - only two days there was a bit of cloud that lasted about 30 mins and then the sky was clear and sunny and hot. For all you tanners, I tanned for a month before we left on vacation to help make myself tan darker. Don't be fooled - I still wore SPF 30 the first day. The next day, SPF 15, the day after dark tanning oil and the remaining days I would switch from my Tingle cream from the tanning salon, wash off in the pool/sea because I couldn't take the tingles and then reapply with the tanning oil. I must say that I was a nice colour.The beach is beautiful - white sandd that is really hot when exposed to the sun, so be careful - there are some rocks in the sand and a lot of butts of smokes - but hey, what can you do? Oh and the concrete arond the pool, I shouldn't have to tell you, but just in case, don't walk around barefoot, you will get burned!! It is bloody hot!!! The pool is awesome - swim up bar - Franciso is awesome! He will always hook you up. The food bar beside the pool is phenomenal - awesome pizze, hot dogs, hamburgers, chicken, fries with or without cheese - that's where my boyfriend and I ate every day. EVERYTHING WAS SURPERB!! Don't believe what you read about the food, I am telling you, it is way above average! FYI - there is one CD they play in particular - you may get sick of it by the time you leave (as I did) but now that I am home, I have downloaded all the songs!! Some of the plus are indented in the rooms, so if you have a plug that doesn't have long arms, chances are you won't be able to plug anything in. (Just ask the lobby if you need to charge you camera or what not) Unless you can figure out a way to do it in your room.They do have a live band playing every night - they are awesome as well and there is a dance floor in front for whoever wishes to dance the night away. One of the nights they have karaokee - take advantage!!Now, the disco and casino. Casino is real small, I am not much of a gambler, but their rules are different at the Black Jack table, I could explain them, but I may not be making any sense, but for all you Black Jack players, you'll know what I mean. There weren't to may slot machines - I didn't recognize any of them so I didn't play. The disco was fun - we didn't stay to long in it the two nights we went - we're not huge dancers and maybe if we were really drunk - that would have been a different story. But regardless, the staff are all there asking people to dance and have a great time.Souvenirs - we were told there was a flea market about 20 mins away from the resort, we walked to the left of the resort - don't know if that was the right way, but we didn't find anything. We didn't go to the mall either, we waited for the flea market to come to the reosrt which is normally on Fridays and they set up infront of the main buffet.You will also be told about Nicole who is a Canadian that lives in the Dom.Rep, she sells real cigars and jewelry.. I would suggest you buy your cigars there so than you know for sure they are genuine. Cigars are sold at the flea market, but you never know if it's real.. The jewelry I found at Nicole's to be real expensive for my price range, so if you really want the real Dom. Rep stone with real silver, buy it from there, otherwise, if you don't really care, you can get nice jewelry from the flea market. They obviously do have excursions - my boyfriend and I didn't go on any, even though it would have been nice. I do not regret going because we did want to take it easy. But from what I heard from other people on the resort, the cave, Maria's house and the boat party were amazing. They all range from about $83 - $115.OK, really, finally, I would't recommend this place to single people. There were a few but for you singe guys and single gals, it will be hard to find the same type of group - majority of the visitors are couples and/or families, FYI.I think I have covered pretty much anything and everything! The staff are awesome, the resort is beautiful, majority of the staff are pleasant and there is not much of a hard time trying to explain what you want, need if you don't speak Spanish. Some of them speak English so it's real easy to communicate.All in all, I would rate this place a 41/2 star. Only because since it's sooo big, it's hard to real personalize with the staff unless you are with them 24/7.ENJOY YOUR TRIP!!!!  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ShutUpandTravel
<Content>"Hell Hut" and the "Dungeon of Doom" First off I will say this, the place is gorgeous. But the food is horrible. The breakfast and lunch are buffetts, nothing changes and there are A LOT of flies and birds eating with you. We nicknamed the two places to eat, hell hut and dungeon of doom. The dinners are edible but nothing to write home about. The best place is the Japanese restaurant but you can only eat there once. The pool was large but too cold to get in when we went(oct). Very well kept up though. The beach was great, lots of room with lots of trees. Very, very windy however. A lot of kids, which is good or bad depending on your purpose of travel. I found the people friendly but ran into a few rude ones. The rooms are great. The one I stayed in was clean. The only complaint is the shower is TINY. The hammock on the porch is nice. If you go in a group, get ready to not be close to any of your group. I think they spread them out on purpose, which I like. I know this sounds bad, but the food really ruined it for me. So did the drinks, they were so sweet you could almost chew them. The beer there was soooooooooo bad, and I like a LOT of different beers. You can however get corona at the mexican restaurant, budweiser at the steak house and I can't remember the beer at the Japanese place, maybe Sapporro. If you are looking for a very inexpensive get away and you could care less about the food then go. But I rate this place 1.5*'s at best.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>rvanblarcom
<Content>Excellent resort unfortunately hit or miss with the food       Beach  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>southbound
<Content>Great time at the Catalonia       Pool view  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>puntacanakids
<Content>Great vacation My husband and I stayed at the catalonia from April 30-May 13/2008. We loved it. We have been to punta cana 7 times -and can honestly say this was our favorite. We really enjoyed the food in the buffet and in the specialty restaurants. I usually have stomach problems with the foods in the carribean and this was our first time staying for 2 weeks. This was not the case here. The pizza by the pool bar was so good we had it every day. The restaurant down by the beach was my least favorite. Everyone down there (except one of the morning girls in the internet cafe) was so friendly and very accomodating. You never waited long for anything. We spent every day down by the beach. The first week we had no problem getting a hut by 7.30 or so in the morning. Everyone was at the pool that week. But the following week the huts were really hard to come by at that time. Guess the crowd changes every week and so does everyones preference. We had to be down there around 6.00 to ensure a hut anywhere in the first 3 rows. But we always got one. The beach is really beautiful -tons of palm trees on the beach. We thorougly enjoyed our two weeks there and would not hesitate to go back. Everyone works really hard there. So don't forget to tip those people who work to make your vacation enjoyable-whether it is the servers, the lady who cleans the washrooms all day by the beach (because there truly are some slobs who come to these places, or whether it is the people making your pizza or your omellettes because not only do they appreciate it , they deserve it. My only warning to people is to be careful when you are at the airport leaving. We left our carry ons fairly empty-definitely under the 5kg each you are allowed and were told that our packed luggage was over. Ok no problem.-We asked if we could take some stuff out of our packed luggage and put it into our carry on. We have seen this happen with other people on occasion but did not think it was a problem. The guy flattly refused to let us do this. We tried explaining that if we put more into our carry 3 lbs between the 2 of us we would not be over on our weight.. He would not allow us. We were pretty mad because we ended up having to pay $30 for overweight. He also made us weigh our carry on which was way under and still would not budge. After our episode they were trying to charge the lady next to us $90 for overweight luggage. We have spoke to skyservice regarding this because they contract these people out and were told there have been a few complaints of the same nature. Just a warning -be careful. We really thought this was very unfair of the airport to do this and have never encountered this problem and have been through lots of other airports in our travels over the years. Anyway overall we had an amazing vacation and would definetly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>RumbaOntario
<Content>We love Catalonia Our 4th time in Catalonia Bavaro. We stayed there in April for 2 weeks in paradise.We are a couple over 60. and have been traveling to different places in the world.What we liked the most :- excellent customer service, from the management , customer service staff, animation,to waiters and greeters at the restaurants, cleaning ladies in our room, gardeners, etc..- beautiful beach- good accommodation with non smoking rooms,- excellent food.We even noticed at different occasions, Mr Juana, one of the manager greeting the guests at the main dinner buffet restaurant. We were in a non smoking building, next to the swimming pool and close to the beach and beach restaurant.We enjoyed the professional band playing most of the nights. We made sure that we were there from 8pm to 8.30 pm. They played ballroom dancing for half an hour, rumba, chacha,. They even played a foxtrot and a tango for us.After 45 minutes of children animation, the band come back and play 45 minutes of social dancing, meringue, salsa, bachata, etcThe shows are very good. They practiced every morning to give the best performance at night.The grounds are beautiful, and well maintained. It is a big resort, we did a lot of walking. They sprayed quite every day in different areas, and we did not get any mosquito's bites.We had and excellent weather. We enjoyed been there for the 4th time. It's like being at home. We knew a few people from the staff. They treated us in a special manner. As one the manager mentioned to me, you a personal friend and part of the Catalonia family.We will be glad to go back.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jefinner79
<Content>Hopefully, a helpful review       Saona Island  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	4	2	

<Author>sedentary_nomad
<Content>The all-inclusive review When deciding on where to stay this vacation, I found these reviews very helpful, and I feel obligated to return the service. I hope you find my review to be helpful as well. In brief:Locals: Spanish or french, very little english. There are some that will use the language barrier to not serve you well rather than making the effort (keep in mind, money trancends all language barriers). The animation staff and those that do know many languages are a pleasure to meet and will do their best to make your stay a memorable one. Hotel: not a 5*, more likely a 4*, but definately most bang for your buck. The Royal side is for snobs that don't like to interact and enjoy pure silence and the feel of luxury. If you like to talk on your balcony or have friends over to your room, stick with the regular side. The only significant difference is the furniture in the room and the quiet and privacy offered. Hotel Restaurants: Buffets are good, but Specialty Restaurants are a must. Reserve ASAP as they fill up quickly. The earlier in the night your reservation, the fresher the food and the more variety you get. (They ran out of tempura ice cream one night at the Japanese restaurant as we had a 9pm dinner, but our friends who had 7pm reservations said they enjoyed second helpings of the ice cream). Wood-oven-pizza is a must! This can be found at the pool snack bar. Casino: Stay Away! Slots, Poker, Black Jack,  Roulette are available.Landscape: Very-well maintained and layed-out. Rather impressive. The pool is beautiful and very well designed. The only vaction (other than the MGM, Las Vegas lazy river) that I really enjoyed the pool. Beach: Gorgeous. The beach is long and wide and covered in palms (a great touch compared to bare-naked beaches...which reminds me....topless women everywhere!). The water is clean (except for the inevitable floating weeds that are raked off the beach daily), the ocean floor/beach is a mix or live-rock, sand and weeds/grass. The live -rock has virtually no coral and few varieties of fish. The fish are mainly varieties of angel fish and groupers. There are 2 or 3 types of eels to be found not more than 20 feet out (all harmless of course)The sun is freaking hot. SPF 30 is not enough. If you're pasty white like me, apply  re-apply and make the shade your spot of choice for the first few days until you get your base-tan.Gift shops: after shopping at the vendors and seeing the duty free shop at the airport, the convenience store is reasonably priced for local goods. The Jewelry can be found cheaper at the beach vendors, but you have to question the quality of craftmanship and the material used. Beach Vendors: 1/3 of the price asked is usally a safe bet. You can and probably should go cheaper too as even at a third of the price, they are tripling their investment. Figure they get their cheaper necklasses at less than a dollar. They're smaller paintings at a dollar or two. Mamajuana...pennies! Apparently it is the farmers who craft these wares on their spare time.Excursions: Snorkelling is always fun in my books. The Marinarium is fun and you get to see nurse sharks and sting rays (less their stingers) as well as 30-40 mins to snorkel the reef. If you can get past the inhumanity of capturing marine life and mutilating them, its a fun excursion. The popularity of this excursion must be catching on, because I saw other cages being built throughout my stay.The bavaro runner is interesting and can be a true eye-opener to the quality  way of life if you get the right guide. If you get a regular guide, just consider the excursion another day out of the hotel. Get a well informed and friendly guide and the day is worth every penny and more. Be sure to verify if your truck/runner has a tarp to keep you in the shade...the sun is brutal!All othe excursions just seemed a money grab. We could have visited Saona or Catalina, but all it is is another beach and more drinks  food...which you get at your hotel. Consider it a day or half day out of your hotel. The sea lion or seal show can be seen from the beach if you happen to walk by at the right time. For those who are interested in a more detailed account, what follows is my story (The all-inclusive report)Punta Cana Airport (arriving): Typical Carribean airport. Exit the plane onto the runway and walk to the security checkpoint. You are required to get a tourist visa (10$) to enter the country. Apparently this charge is now included in flight cost. Verify with your travel agent or at least be prepared to pay it upon arrival. The buildings are made of wood, rope, nails, and leaves. My only surprise was that you are allowed to smoke in line while passing through security. I was later surprised to find out that the picture they take of you with 2 local women as you enter the country is not intended as another money grab (as you are encouraged to purchase your photo upon departure (8$ Canadian)), but it is used to open a dosier and run a background check on you. (They are always watching you). Get involved in a fight and prepare to spend time in jail regardless of who started the fight. It may be worth it to take the beating rather fight back  do time. Get caught with 0.01g of any drug and expect to do a few months in the local jail only to be transfered to a Canadian jail to finish your sentence (a minimum of 3 years with parole  good behaviour). This info was received from a very educated ex-military police officer who acted as our Bavaro Runner tour guide. Education is free in the Dominican, but you are required to work a year in the service industry and repay 80% of your salary to compensate. This is how we came to meet our ex-military, police officer tour-guide.Shuttle bus to Catalonia: Aprox a 20 mins ride once moving, but expect to wait for people needing that last cigarette before bording (as you might be able to tell by now, I am a resentful-non-smoker, inconvenienced by the freedoms of the smokers).Hotel Catalonia (not the Royal side): Lobby and service upon arrival is standard as per Carribean 4* Resorts. They claim to be 5* but that is a bit of a stretch. Unless you are very trusting and don't mind waiting for your luggage to arrive at your room, don't opt for bellboy service and carry or roll your own bags to your room. If not expect a 20-30 min wait for your luggage. You are given a welcome cocktail which in that heat is much appreciated. Be sure to verify your welcome kit. It should include your 1 room key (which you can request a second only after you go to your room and return after the check in rush), 2 towel keys, a safe key, 4 dinner reservation cards, and other literature. Be sure to plan your dinner nights and reserve ASAP, especially during peak seasons. (more on dinners to follow)The grounds are very-well maintained with the pool as the piece de resistance. They have a seperate pool for children, which doesn't mean the kids are contained to that pool exclusively. It actually turned out that the kids enjoyed the fountain and jacuzzi while the drunken adults prefered the kiddy pool. I use quotations for the jacuzzi as it is nothing more than some water jets confined to a seating area. The layout of the pool  jacuzzi though is quite nice. A very nice pool all in all. There are walk-ins, seating areas just a foot below water, a volleyball and water polo nets, and ample pool-side tanning area (be sure to get up early if you want a spot with shade). Beach: Again, get up early if you want shade. Figure the best spots are taken by 10:20 am (just after breakfast ends)The beaches are the first I've seen that integrate the palm trees. A very nice aspect that more beaches should consider. They offer natural shade and a more picturesque atmosphere. The sand is white-ish and cleaned every morning before 5am. (Interesting fact: minor infractions, roadway violations, and other fines are repaid through community service. If you get up early enough, you can find violators repaying their debts by cleaning the beaches while supervised by the police. All this is done around 4am so that they can still make it to their respective jobs). If you want to take a walk down the beach, head right to see the vendors, head left for other hotels. If you go left, it will be a good 40min walk before you see any other hotels. The vendors to the right are a 3 min walk. Eitherway, you may want to avoid the peak sun hours when walking longer distances. Even with spf 30 we burned on our 2h walk betweeen noon and 2pm. The beach never gets significantly nicer as you leave the hotel grounds. You are able to catch a sun rise from the beach, but it is rare to have a cloud free morning. It rained 4 of the 10 nights we were there, but only 3 of those nights were heavy rain. Mondays nights, avoid reserving at the specialty restaurants as they host a beach bbq with entertainment and drinks. The rooms are nice with a roman tub in the bathroom (at least the Honeymoon suites have them. request a king size bed off the ground floor to ensure the tubs). A nice touch but pretty much useless unless used to cool your sunburns). Really in that heat, do you think you'll want to take a bath? Also, from the ant and spider stories I heard from other guests, I would recommend requesting a room on the 2nd or 3rd floor to limit intruders. The t.v cable is most likely loose, so be prepared to adjust it to get a clearer picture. The remotes don't work, but all you have to do is call guest services and tell them. They will send a new one over. The hammock on the patio is super comfy, however the beds are not. You can always request a smaller pillow if your triple sized pillow is too uncomfortable. Restaurants: The buffets are good for the first few days, but you will quickly want to try out the specialty restaurants. If you have not reserved early into your stay, you may not get to try them out. They fill up really quickly. There are 2 buffets. 1 near the lobby and 1 by the beach. They are both open for breakfast and lunch. I never ate lunch there as the wood-fire oven pizza and rotissery chicken suited me fine all 10 days of my stay. This you will find next to the towel hut. Get to the buffets early in peak season as food runs out quickly. The mexican  Japanese restaurants are AMAZING. The american grill (same kitchen as the mexican ) under cooked on every occassion...yet the mexican steak was spot on...go figure. Ask for your steak cooked longer than you really want and avoid the battered chicken at all costs...unless you like purple chicken. 6 plates of chicken were returned that I could see that 1 night I went there. The brownie however is to die for...so if you do get the chicken, at least get the brownie to make it worth while. The french/italian restaurant was undergoing a transition and cancelled our 2 nights of reservations (not very professional). 1 night was a straight out cancellation, the other night was a lost reservation. Don't sweat it though, they serve pasta at the buffets. Casino: STAY AWAY. Worst odds I've ever seen. Roulette is ok, but they don't have a record of the last numbers played. Poker I avoided as I couldn't understand their explanation of the rules. BlackJack, which is my game, was the most brutal version I've seen. They don't check their undercard, so you don't know if the dealer has 21 when an ace or face card is showing. That eliminates all doubling and splitting if your wise when an ace or face card is showing. So what chance is left to make money other than ride out the cards? They shuffle by hand, so the 6 decks never really get mixed. (could be a good thing if you really pay attention). If you have less than 11 showing and the dealer has a 7 or higher showing, they don't ask if you want a card...you just get one. All in all I watched  played over 4 nights and the best odds I saw were an 9% chance of winning a hand. Thats roughly 1 win, 1 push and 9 losses in 11 hands. The slot machines didn't even tempt me.The bars. 1 beach bar, 1 pool bar (swim up), 1 lobby bar, 1 premium bar  1 rotating bar. The rotating bar shifted around the entertainment stage depending on weather. (indoors if raining). The best alcohol was at the premium bar, but make sure you watch them pour the bottle if you want 1 in particular. It took 4 attempts to get the premium rhum. She scammed me twice and the 3rd time after tasting the difference, had to insist twice and watch her to ensure she poured the good stuff. (Keep in mind, money talks, but you still need to be vigilant). Oh, yes, money does talk. If you want something, and want it now, slip the staff a few bucks, if not expect to wait. Some staff will even brush you off if you don't speak spanish, french, or deniro. Which brings me to the ProMarine shop. Complete confusion among the local staff. Be sure to get a straight answer from them and if they tell you to come back in later or wait 5 mins, consider it a brush off. The only part of the trip that frustrated me was the rotund employee who continuously brushed people off for free rentals and was overly aggressive in trying to get you to sign up for the excursions that cost you money. If you want to use the free equipment, be sure to sign up at the promarine shop and have them punch a whole in your bracelet. I was told to come back in 20 mins (I assumed because there was no equipment available), and when I did, he said it was okay, to wait by the beach. I did, and consequently watched couple after couple get the kayaks I was waiting over 1h30mins for. I got frustrated, told off the staff and walked away. I spoke to Thomas, the part-owner and operator, and he finally explained the procedure to me. Unfortunately, too little, too late. Scuba Diving: Double  triple check your equipment, don't rely on your dive master. Thomas, the boss, is very friendly and is not above bargaining, so don't be afraid to haggle. Lee, the dive master, is a great guy and made my diving experience a pleasant one. Frank, still a nice guy, made me very nervous. Like I said, don't rely on your dive master to get you working equipment. Lee however, is more reliable, but it's your life...take the time to be safe. I was very disapointed that all my 4 dives for the open water certificat were at El nino. I was hoping to explore other locations, but due to strong currents (and possible lack of interest to bring me elsewhere on Thomas' part) I did all 4 dives in the same spot. Although my log book shows otherwise....very fishy!Lee however made the best of my dives by taking me through coral and pointing out some great sites and interesting marine life. Snorkel equipment can be borrowed from the shop with a 20$ deposit. There isn't a whole lot to see near the hotel or along the strip, so don't be disapointed if you don't find the time to snorkel. The reef is too far out and motorized and non-motorized watercrafts alike, pay little attention to snorkelers. If you do go out, be sure to use a buoy to indicate you are snorkelling close by...it could save your life. A catamaran nearly clipped me as I failed to use the buoy. The royal side forbids intruders. If you do not have the corresponding bracelet for the Royal side, security will not allow you to cross over onto the Royal side. We were invited to see a room on the Royal side by some friends, but were asked by security to leave as we entered their section. After assuring him that we would only be a few minutes as we wanted to see their room, he let us go. We were in the room just long enough to get the tour, when security knocked on the door to ask us to leave. He would not leave the doorway until he escorted us off the property. My friends who stayed there also informed me that they were warned to keep it down as they were talking on their balcony during the evening. I was also disapointed with the Royal side when I went to their front desk to leave my friends a message for when they arrived a few days after us. I wasn't sure which room they would be checking into, but luckily, the front desk guy showed me a check in list with all the names  room numbers of guests. I have worked many years in a hotel and I know that that is a huge no-no. I'm sure those Royal snobs would have flipped their lids if they knew of this. Finally, the check out. If your flight is later in the day, there is a locked room where you can keep your bags until departure. If you require a late check out, request it a day or 2 in advance to ensure your room would even be available to do so. There is obviously an additional fee for this service. When you return your keys and housekeeping has ensured your room is in good order, they will give you a check out coupon, which will allow you to board the shuttle to the airport. My experience at the airport upon departure is a little frustrating. My friends were 2 kg over their luggage weight allowance and were forced to transfer items to their carry on to respect the 20kg limit. Next, my girlfriend who was travelling with a birth certificate and solemn declaration of citizenship had her birth certificate stamped instead of her declaration. The girl working the booth had her conversation with her co-workers interupted so that she could do her job and see us through. She continued talking to her friends while stamping our papers. She opened my passport, with little regard to what page it opened to and stamped away. Luckily my ppt was creased to open to a blank page and not my info page. She then stamped my girlfriends birth certificate. As we walked away, I realized she did not take my declaration sheet, nor did she stamp the proper document for my girlfriend. I returned to them to sort this out. Once again I had to interupt their conversation as they saw me, but refused to acknowledge me. I didn't get anything more than a giggle and a oh, its okay. If ever her birth certificate is required to get a new passport, she will have to order a new one, as the stamped certificate is no longer acceptable by Passport Canada standards...not the note I hoped to finish my vacation on.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Svet10
<Content>Fantastic ! Paradise ! We stayed in Catalonia for 25.04 - 2.05.2008. Just back from paradise.It was a fantastic time. Lobby, reception, bars, beach, pool, room, facilities - 10 !Animation team 鈥?10+++++++++++++++++Few words about tours:1. Outback safari - very funny day, complementary bar, grate lunch. We didn鈥檛 visit school. And in the end of day - pearl 鈥?buggy board on Macao beach.2. Ramona tour - interesting. Note 鈥?very cold in the bus, no drinks in the bus. Good lunch.3. Caribbean festival - very good and funny half a day. Poor snack.I would like recommend hotel Catalonia Bavaro to everyone. We have been here with teenager and two kids.All are very happy and want return to Catalonia.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bross90
<Content>A GREAT EXPERIENCE!!!       off roadin excursion  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>mbpsky
<Content>Most Excellent Trip My husband and I stayed at the Catalonia Bavaro from April 17th-24th. We booked with Nolitours and flew Air Transat. From the moment we arrived in the Dominican it was a breeze. It was organized at the airport; the bus was nice and cool and got us to the resort in what seemed like moments. The check in was quick and efficient and they even had a boxed lunch for us, as the buffet had just closed for the night. We got to our room, which was lovely and cool, no bugs in sight at all during our stay. The shower is small but the sunken tub was beautiful and roomy enough for 2 people. The property is quite large, the grounds have beautiful lush gardens and trees, and the pool area was large and very clean. The beach was spectacular. I was at the beach every morning at around 7am and I can say that the staff was everywhere, cleaning and sweeping, even in the pool, cleaning the walls. There were many lounge chairs available at the beach, but to get a covered cabana, I think you had to get up in the middle of the night to reserve one. This was the only negative. The food was plentiful and very good. My husband is very picky about his food and he never complained once. His plate was always full. The roast chicken and pizza are by far the best I have eaten. There were pancakes, crepes, fresh fruit, cheese, cold cuts, cereals, baskets and baskets of bread and sweet breads, fresh fruit and juice, eggs made to your specifications. Excellent over all. The only drawback with the a la carte restaurants is that they book up very fast. We were able to go to the Steak house twice because the others were booked. The food there was great. I had the rib eye; hubby had the t-bone, melt in your mouth perfection. The baked potatoes were quite small, but the steak was huge. The drinks were a bit watered down but not to bad. The animacion team was wonderful. They seemed to work non stop鈥ondered if they ever slept. They co-coordinated volleyball on the beach, aerobics, dance lessons, they were at the disco鈥eemingly everywhere. The beach vendors were a bit aggressive, you need to be wary about the prices, but if you haggle with them, they will come down.I have read a few negative comments about this resort and all I can say is that if you want to be treated like a superstar with everyone at your beck and call, then perhaps this is not the place for you. If instead you want to kick back, relax, and have a great time, go for it. I know we will be returning next year.Cheers  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>medives
<Content>Amazing vacation,too short       trip to catalina island  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>soccerpro
<Content>Great Vacation, Great Wedding Spot I just recently had my wedding at this hotel and had 35 guest down with me, The hotel grounds are beautiful, the wedding was amazing, the wedding planner was very helpful and everything to do with the wedding was more then what we expected, Dont let others tell you anything bad about this hotel, cause everything is great. From the Food( by the way the best chicken and pizza i've had in a while) The ala cartes are awesome especially the japanese. The Beach is amazing and huge, Also this hotle is located by it self so you dont have 50 hotels cramped together like down the beach about 20 mins. This is the first resort i have been to that i would love to go back to. And by the way if you go down, Find Fernando (head entertainer, also speaks 5 languages) Tell him Chris From Canada says hi  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lovinthesun26
<Content>Fantastic Holiday       Beach passed the Royal side  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KRPINGRMI
<Content>Had a Great Time       rest and relaxation  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>reb5035
<Content>Good Time at Catalonia We spent April 15-22 at the Catonlina. This was our 3rd trip to Punta Cana and 5th trip to the DR. What keeps us coming back are the Dominican people. We've traveled throughout the Caribbean and Mexico and find the people of the DR the most genuine. You really can't say anything terribly negative about the resort. Huge beach with plenty of shade. Gorgeous landscaping and layout of buildings. Just the right size resort making everything a short walk away. The rooms were kept very clean and there was no problem with any bugs. If there was room for any improvement it would be in the area of food and drinks. The food that they did have was pretty good but lacked the depth that other resorts offered. Example: no fresh made pancakes or waffles, runny powered scrambled eggs and juice made from power. Some days no bacon and most days no other breakfast meats. Drinks were the real problem. To get a good drink go to the lobby bar. They use fresh ingredients and real liquor. The pool bar is a joke. They made a drink one day and filled the glass 3/4 with rum and added a splash of mixer. Normally a drink fixed like that would have sat me down but instead you couldn't even taste the rum. Numerous people complained and even got huffy about the drink not having any liquor. The real testimony of a good bar is a lot of empty glasses. Not the case here, most glasses are left around half full.If having a good drink isn't a big issue then this place will be just fine for you. I really did enjoy the resort and the staff but learned to walk to the lobby when you really wanted a good tropical drink.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>coupleocanucks
<Content>Add another two very happy vacationers!       great bird watching from the lunch table  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FamilyFun901
<Content>Great Friendly Place We stayed at the Catalonia the week of April 11th to 18th. We loved it. It鈥檚 a great friendly atmosphere. The staff work hard and are so friendly. The Animation team work all day and night and put a huge effort into making you feel welcome. The lobby bar in the evening is a great place to hang out, listen to the live band, watch the shows, meet people and have a drink. The beach is beautiful no one bothers you and we had no problems saving a chair at the beach or pool. At the beach you get more of a breeze. There is no drink service on the beach. However, we had quick service at the pool bar. Relaxing around the pool there was always a waiter to bring you a drink. We found that the drinks were not watered down!Our room was always cleaned, we had fresh towels and the fridge was stocked with water and pop. The buffet was your average buffet that you find at most all inclusive resorts. However, to have 4 a la carte restaurants was amazing and the food was awesome! We ate at the French, Western and the Mexican and I would recommend all of them. Amazing food and great service 鈥?can鈥檛 say enough. The crepe snack bar was great. Oh and the Pizza at the snack bar by the pool 鈥?wow it too was so good.Only two negative comments - the resort is showing its age especially in the rooms and the pools paint is peeling. However, those aren鈥檛 deal breakers for me. I would return to this resort in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>momartin8
<Content>Okay, But Not Great! A girlfriend and I celebrated my 35th birthday at the Catalonia in April. Overall, I would have to say that the resort is just okay. The grounds were absolutely beautiful. Everything was kept very clean. The room was average as far as decor and comfort goes. I didn't spend much time there anyway. The bed was comfy enough. The shower was a bit on the small end. It was a bit challenging trying to shower, wash hair, shave. There was not a lot of room to move around or to store shower gels, shampoo bottles, etc. I wish the tub had been a bit smaller to make room for a larger shower. There were these teeny little bugs that appeared periodically, so don't leave any food or open drinks sitting out. They don't seem to bite, so I guess that's okay! Maid service was cool! If you ask for something and leave a tip, they respond pretty well. Bring wash cloths if you use them to shower, because I never saw any. We did not have an iron either, but everyone looked just as wrinkled, so I was okay with that! I loved the beach, and the disco was fun for dancing and laughing at other people dancing! The drinks were a bit watered down in the beginning, until I learned to ask for mucho Brugal! My biggest issue was the food! I wasn't aware until after booking that the food was pretty much outdoor buffet style. If you are a buffet person, you won't have a problem. I am not! It was difficult for me to find things to eat. There were also lots of bugs and birds hovering around. Considering that I am a Microbiologist, this disturbed me greatly. On the upside, I did not have any stomach problems. My girlfriend had the bubble-guts though. We did eat at the Japanese restaurant and found it to be decent. The staff was excellent and very helpful. They are always smiling and energetic! I would give the staff and the beauty of the resort 4 stars. Everything else would definitely be 2-3 stars. The resort wasn't terrible, but I will not return!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>shu2stef
<Content>Beautiful resort...unfortunate circumstances       Sunrise on Bavaro Beach  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>babygirlConnecticut
<Content>Loved the French Restaurant Great white sandy beaches, plenty of food. Tips: (1) get to the beach early to reserve a chaise under the huts; (2) book your reservations for the restaurants early! The French restaurant is wonderful; (3) the liquor seems to be flavored and not strong at all; (4) if you need to request an iron, do so early (a few days in advance; hard to obtain); (5) the Animaccion shows in the evening are great; (6);Some women choose to go topless on the beach; (7) The beach party was great.. do not miss it. (8) The outback safari was not worth the $85.00. There was no safari (a snake, turtle and crab) but the ride through the country-side of the island was great. The buffet lunch was delicious- otherwise it was a sales trip. Would rate it a 3 star. Overall good deal for the price  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lorenh2008
<Content>One Word Fantastic       Beach  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>ready_n_waitin_to_go
<Content>Best Vacation EVER       villa 2 from the pool  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LizaHBoston
<Content>It's on the low end of average Hi Everyone~My husband and our friends (another couple), all in our early 30s just got back from a week at the Catalonia Bavaro. This was our 5th all inclusive vacation (we've stayed at AIs in Jamaica, Cancun, Cozumel and Playa de Carmen). Every AI has had some really wonderful aspects and some drawbacks so I hope to give you a fair account. I'd say that this resort is at best, average...ie, that it has 4 stars on tripadvisor is really off base. It was a cheap vacation so maybe that's why its rated higher in reviews but you need to keep in mind that this is, at most, a three star resort. We were going for a fun, party atmosphere which we got so we were ok, though to be honest, we were disappointed by the place but we went with the flow and had a good time. Rooms: The rooms here were by far the worst I've experienced at an IA...I think you'd be hard pressed to find a worse room in any US hotel. Maybe a motel but I wouldn't know ;-) I understand that you aren't going to spend a lot of time in the room but it's nice to have the option without being grossed out. The bedspread was GROSS - it was easily 20 years old and we found hairs all over it..same with the floors which really were never clean. The showers had mold, sad water pressure, the faucet was broken but usable, the tub and shower facets had white scum all over, AC was really weak. We had no remote at first and had to ask all the time for more than two towels (that's with tipping ~$2-3 per day). We'd ask one day for more towels and then they'd forget by the next day. Oh, and our safe was absolutely broken. We didn't feel like waiting around for the maintenance folks to fix/replace it so we used the safe in our friend's room. On the bright side - we enjoyed the hammock (sexy!) and we had a great location in room 118, overlooking the pool and the gorgeous beach. So, the room needs a complete overhaul...I hope they invest in re-training the housekeeping folks too. So, now I sound like a total snob so I might as well keep going...Food  Drink: We didn't have to go to the buffet for dinner as we had reservations every night. Our first night, we went to the French place. I love French food but this was the worst AI restaurant I've been to...the seafood was way past its prime. We asked multiple times for a wine list (happy to pay extra for it) and never got one. Their loss, I guess.Monday was the beach party - other people have complained about this but it was good BBQ food and the rice was really good. The vibe was awesome and the animation team got everyone going. We had a great time. Note on the animation team - they work really hard! They're fantastic. We had a decent meal at the Mexican place - it was probably the best. They didn't give any trimmings for the fajitas but were quick to bring some when asked. The steak house was fine. We ordered bottles of wine at both the Steak and Mexican places - really good prices for bottles ($20 or so). The Japanese place was fine too. It was a fun time. The sushi was cooked which was good because you'd be asking for trouble if you ate any raw seafood at this place. They were kind to us and kept us plied with a LOT of sake which we really appreciated. We went off the resort and had dinner at the Hurricane which I would highly recommend people do. It was a great spot on the water with wonderful food and a great vibe. We went there on our last night. I wouldn't go to Captain Hook - it seemed like a tourist trap. I've also heard really good things about a place called Jellyfish. The lunch spots are sketchy but we found something to eat and didn't get really sick. But if you're picky, you may have trouble. I saw birds sit on the buffet, picking at the salads. The staff handles a lot of food with their bare hands. As for the drinks - if you're a wine drinker you should go to another resort. Same if you're a scotch or martini drinker. Or if you like beers other than Presidente (I really like it tho!). Other stuff: We had a great time on the Saona Island trip. I'd recommend it for sure. The pool was ok...nothing like what you'd find at a RIU, be certain. They need to get a bucket of bleach and scrub the mildew off the pool bar and then I'd have better things to say. FYI, if you go skinny dipping at night, you WILL get caught ;-) Advice: if you are going to go to this resort, expect to cut loose and have a lot of fun - we turned the ping pong tables into International beer pong and flip cup games with us (American) lots of really fun folks from Canada, Russia, etc. It was a blast. You should bring bubba kegs as everyone says. Also, bring some heartburn medicine - something in the food made us all have heartburn. Bring lots of singles to tip the hardworking staff. Bring LOTS of sunscreen - there's never a cloud in the sky. If you're going to get some sun and have fun, you should have a good time here. If you're going with high expectations, thinking that this is comparable to a 4 star in the states or Mexico, you'll be very disappointed.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>rich_and_famous
<Content>great place My husband and I just adored this place...The only problem that we could see here was the fact that we didnt stay long enough! The rooms were huge and the food was great! so many restaurant choices!! We loved that the balcony had hammoks!! and the bathrooms, well, they were huge! bath and chower..when I say bath I mean a poolliz  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bl00
<Content>Just Ask       The Pool  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	2	5	3	

<Author>cheerslinda
<Content>Not one Complaint-Absolutely Perfect       Pathway to the pool!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>jaked969
<Content>Not the 4.5 stars indicated in the brochure We just got back from a week a Catalonia Bavaro Beach Hotel.We stayed there April 6-13, 2008.The tour operator:Nolitours indicates this was a 4.5 star hotel. We would say the room was a 3 star, and the actual hotel was a 4 star.Check in:Not so good. Huge line-up to get registered. Then had to wait 2 hours in the lobby before our room was ready. Once getting to the room, we had no luggage. Over a span of 3 additional hours we kept calling the front desk to find out the status of our luggage. They said its on its way each of the 5 times we called them. Then. 6 hours after we checked in and lost patience with the front desk, I walked over to the entrance of the hotel and found our luggage sitting at the front of the hotel unattended - and definitely not on its way.The Room:Stayed at building # 24 in centre of the resort. The room was musty with well-worn furnature. Bed was lobsided. Shower, was tiny. However there was a large tub in the bathroom.The food:The main buffet had reasonable selection but on a scale of 1 to 10, we thought the quality of the food was a 5/10.The smaller buffett beside the beach was similar to the main buffett - adequate to fill your belly, yet we struggled to find something different to each about halfway through the trip.The snack bar beside the bool was excellent - the pizza and chicken were great and plentiful. Burgers and hotdogs were also served but we didn't try them. They seemed popular with many of the guests.There were 4 a la carte restaurants.Rodeo (Steakhouse) - dry and hard to eat steak served here - your only salvation will be by ordering the ribs which were edible. 3/10Mariachi (Mexican) - I love Mexican food - but this was an embarrassment. We saw the next table order fajitas and they seemed unempressed. We tried the quesidillas, chimichangas and burritos - all were bland and tiny portioned 4/10Mikkado (Japanese) - Suprisingly good. Food cooked in front of you. Begin with Sushi, followed by Miso soup, then your choice of beef, chicken or shrimp stir fry with veggies (we had the chicken and shrimp) followed by dessert and tea in another room. A pleasant experience 8/10La Pariseine (French) - the best food of the week. Start off with French Onion Soup or Crab crepes. Entree would be 3 halves of medium sized lobster with 3 choices of lobster dips. Dessert follows. They didn;t offer us coffee/tea but I noticed a table who were served coffee (probably upon request). Overall a very nice experience 9/10The grounds:Wonderful - Very lush, green and spacious grounds. Pleasant walking trails to the various parts of the resort - filled with birds and ducks, and several rivers and ponds loaded with fish and turtles. A pleasure to watch nature at work.The beach:As with almost any Punta Cana beachfront property - spectacular. Endless white sand beaches with adequate swimming in calm waters. The shoreline was loaded with beautiful palm trees and cool breezes off the water. Beach was cleaned daily of palm leaves and high tide levtovers. I would rate it 9/10.Entertainment:Shows were weak and geared towards families with young children. 4/10Other notables:Casino on site - we walked through it and didn't gamble.Shopping centre behind casino - hard to spot - we didn't even know it was there until the 4th day.Shortage of umbrellas/palapas unless you are by the pool/beach before 8am.Overall:Beach was excellent. Resort was clean and lush. Rooms were tolerable. Food was not as good as other Punta Canad Resorts we have been to. We love Punta Cana but would not go back to this resort since we prefer more of a 4.5 to 5 star type property of which this was clearly NOT.Good luck !  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>grooveback
<Content>Perfect vacation at Catalonia I just got back from 5 nights at Hotel Catalonia and I loved every minute of it. I went with a girlfriend, we are single in our late 20s. We booked through Expedia and had absolutely no hitches, everything went extremely smoothly and was well organized. Catalonia was beautiful and so well maintained. The front desk was effecient and everyone at the hotel works so hard and with a big smile on their face. We were especially impressed with the entertainment (animacion) team as they have so much energy and enthusiasm and really work to make everyone happy. Fernando on the team was particularly amazing, such a friendly nice guy and anyone who goes needs to chat with him. We are from US and I know no Spanish but it wasn't a problem, luckily my friend knew a little more than I did. It is a very international resort, some US but a ton of Canadians, and a lot from Europe like Germany, France, and also South America. The international flavor was nice. There were not many singles there (more couples) but there was a big young crew from Canada so we hung out with them. The nightly shows were entertaining, and we enjoyed the a la carte restaurants. We ate at the French, Mexican, and Japanese restuarants and highly recommend making reservations to the restaurants as it's all inclusive and the buffets can get old. We liked the reorts red wine! The lobby bar was fun at night and we went to the disco every night which was a good time. We also had fun at the casino and taking walks and shopping. We did not do any day trips but we went snorkeling and kayaking and got massages - all great. The beach and pool landscape was amazing. The weather was perfect the whole time, everyday so sunny and great temperature. I was at a true tropical paradise and it was the perfect vacation. I highly recommend to anyone looking to go to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Springtime01
<Content>Paradise - If you find something to complain about then I'd hate to be you. I was worried about staying at the Catalina after reading some of the reviews. Let me tell you not to worry. Apparently, some people just like to complain (and if you're that type of person just stay home). I'm not saying that everything was absolutely perfect but neither is life. The people were very friendly and helpful but remember maids and waiters have very limited English. Call the front desk if you need assistance. You can't beat this resort for the price.The beach and pool are awesome. The grounds are beautiful and well kept. The rooms are generous size. Make sure you check out the schedule to know what is going on. The nightly entertainment wasn't the best but it was much better then the last resort we stayed at in Punta Cana. Just don't expect it to be the quality of cruise lines.They offer a large food selection for all the different nationalities. You will not go hungry. The restaurants are very good. My husband's only complaint was the coffee. They don't have half 'n half. Do yourself a favor and buy some Mini Moos if you have to have half 'n half (they are shelf stable).I thought the excursions were a little pricey. The booze cruise was not worth the money.A few tips to make your vacation even better:When you are checking in make sure you have a room with the type of bed you want (some rooms only have single beds). Make sure you get a king sized bed if you're a couple. Also, avoid getting a room by the stage if you like to go to bed early.Bring insulated mugs to keep your drinks cold longer (you're in the tropics and it's very warm but there is always a lovely breeze at the beach).Bring your own face (wash) clothes. They have a very limited supply.Bring plenty of sunscreen! Don't be fooled by the breeze. We saw so many people that looked like boiled lobsters. Remember you're in the tropics and the sun is very strong. Don't wrack your vacation because of a painful sunburn.Get down to the beach or pool by 7:00 AM if you want to get a chair in the shade. However, you can usually find shade if you need it but you may have to move a few chairs (the beach has plenty of palm trees and the pool also has many trees around).If you bring children take some bread from the buffet to feed the geese, ducks and fish in the ponds (I have no small children but enjoyed feeding them everyday myself).Don't make a restaurant reservation for Monday evening because they have a beach party including food that night.Bring plenty of one dollar bills to tip the waiters and room maids. They work very hard for you.Most of all, you're on vacation so have fun!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Manek7
<Content>Ok Resort, Good Stay My mom and I went to Catalonia for a week, March 27 to April 4, 2008. This is our second time to Punta Cana, last year we traveled to Sirenis Cocotal resort in Punta Cana. As much as we tried not to, we ended up comparing the two resorts and overall we liked our experience at the Sirenis better. Flight, Airport, Hotel: flying Air Transat was definitely better than Sky service. A week before our trip, we were notified that our flight was postponed for 2 hours for some reason. Other than that, it was a pleasant flight. We got to the airport at around 11 pm, by the time you went through customs and picked up luggage, it was 12pm. Drive to the hotel was 20 minutes, the system was quite chaotic for checking-in, but we were provided with the snack and assigned to our room. I would advise that you take your own luggage by yourself to the room. The road may be bumpy and quite lengthy depending on how far you are on the resort from the lobby, and there is also no elevator, however, if you take you luggage, you will unpack faster. We had to wait for an hour to get our luggage from bell boys who deliver all the luggage if you leave it in the lobby area. Room: We had a problem with the room as we were assigned a room on the first floor with one king size bed. By the time we took care of that, we ended up going to bed at 2 pm. The next day we had to switch room at 3 pm so we lost some quality time on the beach. We got the room with 2 junior beds. The beds are too small; we had double beds in Sirenis. There is a nice balcony with a hammock; however, our hammock (which I was really looking forward to!) was broken. There is big bathtub and a very small shower in the washroom. We never used the bathtub, I would have preferred to have a bigger shower and no tub. Be careful with the water coming on the floor out of the shower. On the negative side, my mom said she saw two cockroaches鈥搇ike bugs in our washroom one night. I never saw any鈥aybe because I never turned on the light! Also, there are some small ants if you leave any food in the room so try not to do that. We were in villa 9 and we were not impressed with our maid at all. Never had an ashtray, asked but never got it. Asked for an iron and nothing happened. If felt like bed sheets were never changed, and overall we didn鈥檛 feel welcomed at all. The day we were leaving, the maid started cleaning our room at 11, while check out is 12 (and usually she would come in at around 3pm.!) we did leave tips, but didn鈥檛 see the difference. At Sirenis, our maid was very smiley and welcoming and always left flowers on our bed. It probably depends on which villa you get in. Also, be prepared that it is very dark in the room so you would not be able to read at night in the room.Food: My mom didn鈥檛 like the fool in comparison with the Sirenis. You can always find what to eat but there was limited choice. We also didn鈥檛 like the setting of the main restaurant. It was very dark in it in the evening and not welcoming. We didn鈥檛 like the restaurant system of waiting until you get sited. In the other resort, we could have stayed whenever we wanted. Service was not good, sometimes non-existent, one night, we had our all dinner with no one coming to us and asking if we wanted any water, tea or wine. Most of the time, we went to get our own tea and coffee. Overall, we found the staff not very welcoming, most of the time we felt like people didn鈥檛 care. We never had a desire to tip, as we did at Sirenis. Overall, at Sirenis, we found the whole atmosphere much better, waiters were always smiling, singing and dancing, all staff on the resort was much more open, happy and welcoming than in Catalonia. Most of the time, we had lunch and breakfast at the beach restaurant and it was ok. Definitely try pizza at the pool bar (12:30 鈥?5:30) 鈥?it鈥檚 delicious, they also have burgers, chicken, nachos there which is also good. Beach: Overall, I was disappointed with the ocean. As a good swimmer, I found limited opportunities to swim far and have fun, The ocean is very shallow, there is a lot of seaweed, which I never found like that at the Sirenis (only one day after a storm!). It is however beautiful to look at it (combination of different blue colors is amazing!). I did some snorkeling and saw some fish but it wasn鈥檛 exciting. There is seaweed on the beach as well, but staff try to clean it every day, several time a day. It was nice and breezy on the beach, except for the last few days before the rain came and the weather was changing, the wind got so strong, and we couldn鈥檛 stay on the beach so we relocated to the swimming pool. Don鈥檛 know how people stay beside the beach , I felt like I fired myself in 15 minutes. There are a lot of sunbeds available but palapas are limited. Most people reserve palapas at night, before leaving the beach, they would leave their towels to save the spot for the next morning, which I think is not fair to other people, as whoever wakes up first should have the spot. Other:There are local shops on the right side of the resort, and one on the left. Bargain, bargain and bargain again!We did parasailing and it was lots of fun! Highly recommend if you haven鈥檛 done that before. Animation team is great! Overall, we had a good time, as it is all about what you make out of you stay, however, we will not come back.Best regards, Happy traveler.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>MandR74
<Content>Superb! We spent 2 weeks (13/03-27/03) at this hotel and absolutely loved it. It really was excellent value for money (a guy on our plane home who also spent 2 weeks there said it was easily comparable to Sandals resorts where he usually went to, but half the price). Apologies for this rather disjointed review, but I'm just mentioning everything I think might be useful!We went with First Choice and decided to pay the extra for the Premier service. Definitely worth doing! Especially if you're not a particularly keen flier. No queue at special check-in desk, first on the plane, pre take-off drink (real glass!), free drinks throughout flight, better food, more leg room, comfier seats, ability to stop/start/rewind programs/films when you wanted, priority baggage unloading. We'd definitely do it again when flying long haul.The hotel in general is such a pretty place and is extremely well kept. The grounds are imaculate. They're also larger than I'd expected. There's 46 Villas in all I think, each of which has 24 rooms (ground/first/second floors with 8 on each) but they're so well hidden by the thousands of palm trees that you don't realise how big the place is. Our room was in Villa 3 which was nice as it was away from the noise of the main area (not that it was particularly noisy or anything) and close to the beach and pool. It's a bit of a walk to the hotel centre, but you can always cadge a lift on a golf trolley if one's passing! The bed was huge, and very comfy. The living area is spacious enough. It's all nicely furnished/decorated. The hammock on the balcony is a nice touch. The bath is amazing!! I certainly wasn't expecting that! The bathroom was excellent, the seperate shower was perfectly adequate in size (bit odd having it in with the toilet?!). The whole room was clean, and the maid always did a good job in cleaning/tidying. Definitely worth leaving a tip (we left one every 2 or 3 days) to ensure your fridge is kept well stocked. You get water, beer, and then a selection of Fanta / Sprite / Coke. TV - not much English channels but didn't expect there to be. CNN is about the only news channel and that doesn't give much English info, but it's fine ( we were on holiday after all!). They have got Setanta Sports though, which showed a lot of the football, it seemed to show more games than would have been shown back home. Plus there was FX. Oh, and a Golf channel (which kept the bloke quiet whilst I was getting ready in the evenings!). There was a Spanish channel that showed the GP's too (in Spanish). Other people may not care about the TV at all, but a lot of people (like us) like to keep up with certain sporting events! The beach is lovely, yes slightly spoiled by the seaweed but it's not that bad. It's perhaps worse at certain times of year? The staff do also try their best to clear it from the beach. It's not really a problem unless you have a real seaweed phobia!We were there over Easter but even then there were always spare sunbeds around at the beach, although you'd struggle to get a palm hut unless you got there early. You could always get some shade from the palm trees though.The pool area was great too, although it filled up quicker and it is a bit crowded with the beds being quite close together with not always that much room to move them about to get sun/shade. We tended to go on the grass bit towards the archery area, as there was more room to spread out, plus you could always get sun and shade at all times. It's a nice pool, always plenty of room in it, and the jacuzzi was nice. One day the pool bar had coconuts filled with coconut milk and rum - definitely have one, it was well nice!There weren't many English there at this time of year, it was mainly Canadians and Americans, relatively few Europeans.The main buffet restaurant was excellent with loads of choice. And the wine was nice! The beach buffet was good too, although it's smaller so not quite as much choice. The pool snack food was pretty good and it was nice that you could take it back to your sunbed. The drinks machines there were a good idea for soft drinks, you can just get your own refills as and when.We only used the Steak House and French restaurants, but would definitely recommend both. The food was lovely (recommend the Seafood Cocktail starter in the Steak House and the Lobster main course in the French one). Use the other bar if going to the Japanese/French restaurants, it's a nice change.The main bar was good, you never had to wait long for waitress service. The entertainment is pretty much what you'd expect at this sort of place, not outstanding but certainly reasonably enjoyable. We'd always sit in the bar to watch it, rather than in front of the entertainment stage, which suited us better. Never had a problem getting a suitable table, despite the hotel being pretty much full.The entertainment team were all very nice, and would you keep you amused with the daily activities, if you're interested in them (archery, volleyball, dance lessons, pool, table tennis, competitions, etc etc).There was a mixed age group at the hotel, not that many children despite it being Easter. It was mainly couples or families, it's definitely not a young single person's resort, but would suit couples of all ages.If you smoke, buy some on the way out here because unless we missed something the only place to buy them was the 2 small vending machines in the hotel, for which you needed 5 or 1 dollar notes for (they're $5 dollars a packet). You could get change at the bank within the hotel but they couldn't always give you all you needed, and the shops were sometimes reluctant to give up their change.We only took US dollars with us, they're accepted everywhere and often preferred to the Dominican Peso.Shops at the hotel were ok, not brilliant but hadn't really expected any so better than we'd expected! Unless we missed something, there isn't really anywhere to go outside the resort (apart from the few stalls further down the beach), so don't go here if you expect to be able to walk out of the hotel and find shops / restaurants. We knew there weren't going to be so weren't disappointed.One other thing was that I didn't find anywhere in the hotel to buy /swap anything to read in English so if you're a big reader on holiday make sure you take several books with you! The staff in all of the hotel (there must be thousands of them!) were in general all very helpful and friendly. Even the gardeners make the effort to say 'Hola' as you walk past. We were quite surprised at the lack of English known though, some apoke a lot more than others. Yes, I know it's a spanish speaking country but I guess I just expected the basics to be quite wildly known, but it's wasn't always which sometimes meant resorting to pointing at things! It was never a major problem though and was quite often amusing trying to explain things (like when the cigarette machine ate our money!). The temperature was pretty much high 20's/30ish every day, with most days being sunny for most of the time, usually blue skies with the odd fully white cloud. We had a couple of rain showers, but they only lasted for about 5 mins each! Don't take any notice of the weather forecast put up daily in the hotel, it's never right!!We only did the one trip - 1/2 day Outback Safari - and would defintely recommend it. It was a real laugh! Quite possibly the best excursion I've ever been on. We wish we'd done more trips (Saona island is supposed to be a good one) but relaxing by the pool/beach was just too enjoyable!The airport on way home is very strict on luggage weight. We got charged $30 for being over by 3kgs, but when we got home and weighed the bags we weren't over at all! Don't expect too much choice in the Duty Free shop (go to the one in the newer terminal) although you can get the main brands of things. Rum tended to be cheaper in the hotel/on trips. All in all, it was an excellent hotel and I would definitely recommend it to anyone (as long as they like the idea of an All Inclusive holiday). It was fantastic value for money too. The Catalonia really is a lovely hotel. I really can't understand how someone could give it a bad review (oh, we got face cloths!)  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>dardar5
<Content>The Dirty Dozen Plus One Brockville Ontario Canada First of all our flight was great (Air Transat) very friendly staff on the plane. It was our children's first time flying and they made them very relaxed.ROOMS-Our room wasn't ready when we arrived but we were there before the Check-in happened so we just got ready and took the kids to the ocean and the pool and stopped on the way for a drink. When we got our rooms they were all different, and very clean. We were all pleased with our rooms.POOL-It was beautiful, there was alot for everyone to do around the pool. They kept you going all day. Juan Carlo's and his animation team were totally awesome. Our hats go off to them, they work very hard to keep everyone happy and occuppied. They deserve a raise.OCEAN-It was breathe taking, we walked it everyday morning and afternoon. We got alot of walking in. It was very windy a couple of days and we had sand dunns instead of snow hills which didn't bother any of us.FOOD  BARSWe ate at 3 of the 4 restraunts. We enjoyed 2 out of the 3. The Japaness was excellent. The larger restraunt and smaller one had a great choice of food. Our kids enjoyed the Pizza and Chicken bar out by the pool. The kids thought it was great to go up and order just what they wanted and not have to pay for it. The swim up bar was a hit also.ENTERTAINMENT GROUP-We can't say enough about this team. They are hard working people and look like the enjoy what they do. That really made it fun for our kids on the trip.All in all we would recommend this resort to our friends and family and to those that read these reviews it is what you make of your holiday that makes it fun.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>chanel07
<Content>Fabulous Vacation We stayed at the Catalonia Bavaro in Punta Cana from March 27 to April 3, 2008. It was the best vacation we ever had. The atmosphere was so welcoming. The staff were all very friendly and acommodating. We read the reviews on a weeky basis until we left for our vacation and they are true, the Catalonia is an excellent place to stay. The food was great, the main buffet was better than the beach buffet, more selection and excellent service. The restaurants were good, our favourite was the Mexican restaurant , the French restaurant was very elegant and the food was good as well. The beach was fabulous but you have to get there by 6:30 a.m to save a cabana or you will not have one for the day. We visited the vendors on the beach and found some wonderful artwork at the vendor to the left on the beach. The shows at night were pretty good, they have the children's show on for 45 mins starting at 8:30 pm and the disco opens at 11 pm after the last show is over. The pool was huge and the drinks at the pool bar were good. We enjoyed the animation team, they made everyone feel welcome and encouraged everyone to take part in the activities. The beach party on Monday evening was fabulous, alot of time and effort is put into the party and it is evident. We are going back in December and highly recommend it to everyone. Judy Power  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>michellestyles
<Content>Best time of my life!       Drinking coconut milk an employee cut down for us.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Roxxieboo
<Content>This Hotel was like a prision camp!!! Dont ever stay there trust us After Checkin we got to our room and it looked like we were living in a ghetto. The air conditioning didnt work, the fan made noise, the sliding glass doors didn't lock, the tiles on the floor looked like someone was murdered there, the bed frame was broken and the bed was lopsided, and the bedding had holes in it.We contacted the front desk and they said they would send someone right up, 45 minutes later they arrived and fixed the a/c and fan only. I then contacted the hotel staff again and they said they were overbooked and their was nothing they could do. I was directed to talk to the manager however, he was never there. I left my camera by accident at the restaurant, I went right back and it was gone. None of the staff saw anything or new anything about my lost camera. They call this a four star hotel, it would be lucky to get 1 star. I will never stay in this hotel again. It is totally not worth the money.Don't stay at the Catalonia Bavaro beach, you will be wasting your money trust me.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>awesometraveling
<Content>Well organized resort with friendly staff / Stayed: March 21 - 28 Before reading the below, please note that this hotel isn't a 5 star or above so don't expect that. I've been to Cuba before (at a 4.5 star as well) and I think their standards are more or less similar in terms of food and accommodation. As for Anna the Nolitours Rep that the critic below mentioned. She wasn't that horrible. Really, it's not necessary for her to greet you when you get to the resort unless you're a complete idiot. There is English speaking staff at reception that will give you all the necessary instructions, papers and keys that you need to find your room and have a pleasant stay. Yes there's no face towels but really is this 100% necessary when you have bigger towels? Anyway if you're not a super demanding guest, I think this resort is fine and a great bang for your buck.PROS:1. If you write a letter in Spanish to the maid to request certain items (towels, water, beer, coffee) and include a tip (a couple dollars), you will more or less receive those items while she cleans your room. If you want a certain amount of something, make sure to include that in your note.2. The Crepe (ham  cheese or Catalonia flavoured) place by the gift shops is a good place to have a snack, so is the pizza/fries/roast chicken place by the pool.3. Food in the main buffet is comparable to Cuba, but there's lots of variety. Roasted chicken on Western Night is very tasty. Cafe con leche (coffee with warm milk) is AMAZING. You definitely won't starve here unless you're extremely picky.4. It's a well organized resort and the staff are friendly and have manners. They all greet you with a friendly Hola! if they see you walking around. They do not appear miserable or ungrateful.5. It's a large resort with exotic looking birds walking around. Grounds are well maintained and cleaned daily by the staff.6. No problem to set up all four a la carte meals, given you do this at the beginning of your stay and do not wait too long. They seem to put a lot of thought into themes at the a la carte meals, for example, the steak/american restaurant, the waiters dressed in cowboy outfits.7. You get the main U.S. Stations on your television like NBC, ABC, CBS, TBS, etc., but no converter (at least not in our room).8. Air Conditioning was nice and strong in the room and they also provided a ceiling fan. Each room has a large tub seated for two that you can use for bubble baths.9. There's a small gym on the resort with two treadmills and free weights if you're interested in using it.10. There was a good balance of families, couples and young adults having fun on the resort. 11. If you have an evening flight, you have the option of extending check out to 6 PM for $45 USD. I highly recommend this if you care to freshen up before your flight.12. There are free golf lessons offered. Driving range charges $5 for a basket of balls (30 balls on avg per basket) and you can also play tennis if you bring your own racquet. CONS:1. The sand was very nice but the seaweed in the water might not appeal to some people if they're hardcore swimmers. 2. Not enough beach chairs to go around during prime beach hours (11 AM - 1:30 PM). So make sure you get to the beach early and reserve your spot, especially if you want a shaded hut.3. There are no clocks ANYWHERE on this resort. We felt like we were in the twilight zone. Make sure you bring a watch (preferably with an alarm on it) with you so you know when to wake up and when to eat. This is especially important if you have to wake up early for an excursion. 4. Signs for the villa are not in sequence. Make sure to take a good look at the main map (should be included with your hotel packet given to you at check-in) before entering the villa grounds. We did not see this map as we arrived at 9 PM when it was already dark. However, after feeling a bit lost and finally checked the map, it was quite easy to find.5. The sheets are rough. So if you expect luxury sheets, this isn't the place for you. They were not terrible, it was comparable to the sheets in a 3 star in North America.6. The shower unit is really small and the shower curtain doesn't keep the water in. I'm petite and thought it was small, so I'm not really sure how a six foot tall man could fit in there and shower comfortably.7. Minor: Beach doesn't face the sunset since the beach faces the east coast of the island. I'm guessing you can see some amazing sun rises though. We didn't wake up for those.8. If you go on excursions, there will be a lot of Dominicans trying to pressure you into buying souvenirs. Don't say a word or acknowledge them if you're certain you don't want to buy anything. Otherwise they will try harder to make you buy their souvenirs. They are quite persistent so expect this if you go.9. There is no late hour eatery place on this resort. The main buffet had certain hours in which they were serving food. If you familiarize yourself with the hours of the main dining halls, you won't have a problem with finding food. Important Notes  Tips:1. We went on two excursions and the following are the adult prices:Soana Island - $94 USD per person and includes a beach bbq lunchSanta Domingo tour - $65 USD per person and includes a buffet lunch at a nearby restaurant (it was yummy)2. Internet prices on the resort: 15 mins for $3 USD, 30 mins for $5 USD and 60 mins for $10 USD. 3. Coffee, rum and souvenirs are cheaper at the resort or better yet, on excursions. Don't wait to buy these things at the airport where everything is 2 times or more expensive! I found that most souvenirs were cheaper at the hotel than at the pitstops during the excursions (ie. bus rest stop). For example, a small shell jewellery box was $9.00 at the hotel, whereas at the bus rest stop they were trying to sell it to me for $20. when i tried to bargain with them (ie. offered to buy multiples of the item), the best they could do was $18/box which is still twice the price. Coffee and rum were cheaper at these rest stops.4. Tipping a couple dollars here and there at meals is a nice gesture. Please remember these waiters and waitresses only make $250 - $350 USD per month and probably have a family of their own to support. Do not cheap out on this part. They appreciate anything they can get.5. They use the same voltage as North America but you may still need to bring a converter so your cords will fit. With most cell phone and camera batteries, the chargers are bulkier and for this reason the cords may fall out of the outlet (also because there is a border around the outlets which prevent the bulky chargers from fitting).6. We brought extra ziplock bags, which came in handy when we wanted to pack away sandwiches or pizza for our excursions (as snacks) or as a meal before our flight.Overall, I would recommend the Catalonia Bavaro Resort to anyone who is interested in staying here. You really get your money's worth. I have read some reviews in which tourists have paid the extra $40/day to stay at the Royal Catalonia Bavaro Resort next door and said it was worth the extra money. We considered this option, but were happy we did not choose it because the money we would have spent upgrading ended up going towards excursions and souvenirs. In addition those who stay at the Royal side end up sharing the same resources as the non-Royal side anyway (ex. eatery places). All in all, I would definately go back to this resort. What I miss most about this resort is the friendly staff and the relaxing atmosphere.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>heather075
<Content>loved it excellent time at catalonia, would go back in a minute.Just got back stayed March 22-29thRooms: very clean and large tub which we enjoyed after long day on the beach, lots of clean towels, what is it with facecloths with people, can they not wash without them?Beach: lots of lounge chairs, clean beach, always having people come around and pick up empty glasses and garbage which unconsidered guest were always throwing on the beach,warm clear water, beach was always being cleared of seaweed.Food: there was something for everyone at the buffet. a la cartes were great, no complaints, didn't make it to the Japanese has reservations but didn't get off the beach in time to make it, oops,service was excellent.Grounds: lots of mature vegetation, well kept.Sad to leave, had a great time, people that did not enjoy their stay they couldn't have stayed at the same place,our Nolitour rep was very informative.Heather and Terry SwayneSmiths Falls  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Miramichi-coaster
<Content>horrible Our experience at this hotel, was terrrible! We were orginally staying at the Gran Bahia- Ambar and due to a cancelled flight were sent to this hotel. The Air Transat Rep (Anna), was horrendous, unfriendly, and unavialable. When we arrived there, she should have been their to meet all the new guests, she wasn't!When we arrived at our room, the door was wide open and as a result we had a lizard in the room. We were switched to a new room, were there were no face clothes, I called 5 times, however never did receive 1. The buffet was interesting... the burgers where bloody, not to mention the outburst of a guest, who was not asked to leave after yelling serveral profanities towards his companion.Would not recommend.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dragoncb
<Content>Good Times at Catalonia Bavaro resort       just along the beach, on walking trail  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>justamom
<Content>Awesome Holiday just returned last night from a weeks stay at the catalonia..march 15 thru the 22ndAWESOME ROOM / SERVICE / BEACH / ACTIVITIES and met alot of great people from all ages!!!! we spent alot of afternoons around the poolbar area...when the sun was out and beating down on you its a quick way to cool off...the food in the main restaurant/ pool restaurant was so/so...aka lots of repetition but hey we didnt get ill so thats alllllllll that matters...:O)we tended to eat breakfast at the main restaurant but found lunch was better at the restaurant by the pool...the pizza, tacos/dip, chicken area by the pool had food that filled you up if you were tooo hungry to wait for supper of just wanted something to snack on during the daywe stayed in building 5 ...short distance from the beach/pools and a little futher from the main restaurant lobby...but didnt find that walk really thatttt long... 'welll...ok...one night after the disco closed it did seem far...hahahawe totally enjoyed the beach to the max....if you go left off the resort you can walk quite a fair way...hubby and i would usually walk every morning for about an hour n' a half in one direction picking up shells n' dodging waves as they came in sometimes with seaweed....*whispers...we also brought a sandwich or two made while we had breakfast in the restaurant and would wrap them up in napkins to feed the beach dogs...apparently nobody owns them...but they sure looked for us every day and would often spot us before we spotted them...hahahathe seaweed in the water for the most part isnt that bad...but when the waves receeded we werent too sure what was 'ticklin' as the wave left the beach and the 'stuff' brushes over/past your feet...we had excellent weather except for a few days when a storm came in...and mannnnn did the waves change and get stronger!!!!.... they ended up taking a few of the palmtrees into the water that were along the shoreline... and sand bags were added to stop the restaurant between the royal and catalonia area from flooding due to the wave surges...the next morning the 'shade huts' looked sooo funny... due to all of the sand coming in with the stronger waves? the tables that were usually waist high on the pole under the shade huts were now just below our knees...thats how much sand got 'dumped' on the beach!!!!we couldnt really walk the beach for two days due to the waves but by the third day it was alll ok and we were able to resume our morning walk down the beach...didnt buy anything at the 'market' to the right of the resort...same ol' stuff we got last time we were in the dominican so didnt feel the need to bring anything back anyways...however others said there were great deals to be had on the paintings...:O)i think the vendors that the hotel brings in on friday night could be a little less pushy and lower their prices by 1/2...their prices were alot more than the market down the beach...almost triple the price...oh well...maybe the hotel takes a share of their sales so they have no choice but to up the price...:O(we brought paper/pens/cosmetics/toys/candy for our maid and that left with a few bucks each morning always brought a smile to her face...it was sooo funny the next morning she would try to tell us what her three children thought of our gifts from the day before!!!!as for the restaurants... we didnt eat at the steakhouse but heard it was ok... we traded that dinner card in for another night at the japanese restaurant which was EXCELLENT...the garlic shrimp was soooooooo full of flavour my mouth is watering at the memory!!!!we also enjoyed the french restaurant... i loved my lobster tails and hubby really enjoyed his two bacon wrapped filet migons...we also ate at the mexican...nothing special other than you could get a coronna there... but in all honesty? i think for the most part we didnt enjoy it as much since we have mexican restaurants at home so a burrito is a burrito no matter where you eat it...other people though from germany LOVED it...said they had never 'tasted' mexican food before so there ya go...:O)all in all we wouldnt hesitate to return to the catalonia...the resort itself with its surroundings is a strong 4 star...however the 'food' aside from the specialty restaurants would only be a three...:O(  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>ImissPuntaCana
<Content>Absolutely Amazing!       great hammock at our balcony  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>billabongbabe5
<Content>March Break Holiday!       The best bartenders.. love you guys..!! JOse ..  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mm8287
<Content>Beautiful, relaxing,        The lounge area  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>NYDrew
<Content>One of the Best Vacations I've Ever Had I'm 22 years old, from New York City, and I took my grandfather on vacation to the Dominican Republic from March 11-March 15, 2008. After reading many of the horror stories at the chain of Bavaro hotels, I was excited to see some excellent reviews about the Catalonia. So, I took the inevitable chance and booked it. I had never been to the Dominican Republic before...FLIGHT AND AIRPORT--We flew American Airlines and it was a direct flight. Everything was quick and easy. If you're flying in March, try to get an early flight because delays begin to amount later in the afternoon and evening because of the heavy Spring Break traffic at the airport. Now, my grandfather requires a wheelchair. This was no problem securing at JFK in New York, but I thought it would be a problem at the airport in Punta Cana. Although we had to walk down the steps from the plane in Punta Cana (you unload onto the runway), the airport staff helped my grandfather down the stairs of the plane and were waiting right there with a wheelchair. From there, we went right through customs (which charges a $10 fee to enter the country) and our luggage was on the conveyor belt. The assistant took us to a taxi and helped us in. I gave her a several dollar tip and she was extremely thankful.DRIVE TO THE HOTEL--The drive is about 15 minutes and is fine. I was charged $30, which is actually less than I paid to get to the airport in New York. Don't listen to these people saying that the roads are insane. Yes, they are pretty undeveloped, but definitely fine. The drivers are very adept at their roads and will get you to your hotel safe.CHECK-IN--Checking in was extremely easy. The staff speaks English and is extremely friendly and accommodating. They even have staff that speaks French and other languages for the many different types of tourists that come there. Although we arrived early, the room was given to us immediately (I did slip the guy $5). We were given a room right near the beach in Villa 3. I was also brought a wheelchair for my grandfather (for $100 completely refundable deposit). Finally, our bags were shuttled on a golf cart to our room.THE ROOMS--The rooms are absolutely gorgeous and I have absolutely nothing but praise for them. They were nicer than most hotels I have stayed at in the US. There is plenty of space, tiled floors, a huge tub and nice shower, a big sink (don't drink the water and brush your teeth with bottled water that is provided), there is a TV with English channels and plenty to watch, the pillows and bedding is nice, the AC works fantastic, and you have a refrigerator that is always stocked with bottled water, beer, and soda...Oh, and you also get wireless internet for free and a fantastic view...If anyone complains about these rooms there is seriously something wrong with that person.THE GROUNDS--Wow is all I can say...absolutely gorgeous, so well-maintained, always gardening, always planting. It's like paradise.THE BEACH--The beach is beautiful. Palm trees, a nice breeze, calm and clear water, tons of lounges and palapas. It's truly amazing (lots of topless women, though, which I didn't mind :-))THE POOL--The pool is equally beautiful. Very large, a nice pool bar with friendly bartenders, they speak English, everything is so nice and relaxing. Again, topless women lol.THE FOOD AND RESTAURANTS---Although we didn't eat at the restaurants because we were too lazy to make reservations, we ate at the buffets. The food got a tad bit boring after 5 days (probably just the style I got tired of), but there is always TONS of food and the quality is much much better than any other Caribbean resort I have ever been to (and I have been to a lot). I'm serious when I say that the selection of food and desserts was ENORMOUS and it was very very good. Waiters bring you drinks and anything else you might need in that department. THE ENTERTAINMENT--The shows at night are kind of corny, but the staff works their tails off to make it decent. It consists of contests, singing and dancing, etc. Some of it wasn't so bad, such as a latin band they had one night. But, honestly, by the time you've had all that sun and have eaten, you're not really interested in the show...you're interested in taking a nap. CASINO AND DISCO--The casino is okay. It's fairly small and not fantastic, but it's still fun and they have all the games (in other words, it's not Atlantis in Nassau). However, I was up $200 at the end of the trip, so I had a good time. The disco goes from about 11pm-2am. I had tons of fun there although it's kind of outdated with its decor. Good drinks, mainly Spanish music, but they mix it up sometimes. Actually, I DJ a bit here in New York and they let me DJ one night to switch it up a bit. So, they were really flexible with what the crowd wanted.WARNING: If you are looking for a traditional college Spring Break, don't come here unless you just mainly want to relax or you're coming with a bunch of friends. It's NOT the party kind of place like Cancun or Cabo. You don't really leave the resort because there's not much out there (except for excursions). So, if you just wanna get drunk and all and dance all night and sleep all day, this isn't the place for you. This is more about relaxing.GENERAL TIPS AND INFO--The crowd is mainly Canadian and European, but it's fun to meet people from these diverse places. It does help to know a little Spanish. It helped me get by sometimes or maybe gain some respect from the locals (I studied Spanish in high school and college, but am not Spanish). Only drink bottled water, but the water and ice at the restaurants are fine. However, your stomach might get a little upset from the change in food types, so bring some Pepto. Finally, and most importantly, a dollar tip here and there went a hell of a long way toward making the trip so much more comfortable and wonderful. These people work so hard, so reward them with a few dollars here and there and they will remember you and serve you. They are not greedy people and will appreciate whatever you can leave them.In any case, don't listen to people complaining about stupid things on this website. Catalonia is fantastic and if you're looking to relax, you should definitely go.HAVE FUN!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>samschey
<Content>The perfect vacation Just returned from Catalonia with my girlfriend. We had an absolutely amazing time lying around the resort for a week. Trust me, this place is beautiful and the service is second to none. Anyone who had a bad experience here, either doesn't know how to let go and relax or should re-evaluate their idea of a vacation. The resort had all the activities we could imagine along with a staff who kept us active from volleyball to dart / pingpong tournaments to kayaking to salsa dancing to kareyoke. The food was excellent with 4 ala cartes and 2 baffet restaurants -- you could eat all day if you wanted to. Lastly, on our return home, we discussed our trip with people who had stayed at other dominican resorts. They all had some form of bad experience -- many minor issues-- but we experienced none of that. If you are going to the Dominican you have to stay at Catalonia!!!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>KathyDemers
<Content>Won't return Just got back last week from the Catalonia Bavaro in Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic. We will never return to that resort. Reviews were favorable but unfortunately for us ( my husband and I ), we met with cockroaches and frustration. Making a long story short, we had cockroaches ( PLURAL) and it took the resort 4 days to sort out the problem. Think twice before booking this one. The 41/2 * rating is not what we hoped for at all. We do have pics but don't want to really gross anyone out. Buyer beware! 3 stars have been kinder to us in the past.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>JPMMJM
<Content>Wonderful Time at Catalonia       Sunset  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frenchieQuebec
<Content>great vacation at catalonia Just came back from a 7 day stay at the catalonia and loved it. Everything was just perfect : entertainment, food (even the buffet had a wide variety of food), the beach, the staff, the tourists come from everywhere in Europe and America, the music, the gardens, the exotic animals you see on the resort, the general atmosphere of fun ad classiness (people do get quite dressed up to go to the bar and the shows at night)The only negative point would be about the wine and the beverages in general. The wine is extremely bad, sweet and diluted especially the red wine. And you cannot order a different kind of wine. As for the liquor, they add water and-or coca cola to it in the bottle itself, so when you order a rhum and coke, you are drinking far more coke than rhum... The same goes for gin, whiskey, rhy etc. Must be good in some ways because I have not seen many drunk people although people seem to drink all day...  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>K-Chips
<Content>We Had a Blast at the Catalonia We are just getting home from a fantastic vacation at the Catalonia Bavaro. The check in was pretty quick considering we were coming from Toronto on March Break with a bus load of people hurrying to get out from all the snow back home! (March 6-13, 2008) The rooms are nice a spacious. The showers are a bit small but fine. The beach is gorgeous and the pool with swim up bar is huge. There are 2 buffet restaurants. One by the pool/beach area is smaller than the main buffet but has all the same food there as well. There is a food bar by the pool that serves wood oven pizza, chicken, hot dogs, hamburgers and fries. Food was very good there too. There are a la carte restaurants also that we went to. An American, Japanese, Mexican and French. We did not try the Mexican but were told it was very good. The three others were pretty good. I particularily like the Japanese and my husband really like the American for the steak. Try them all they were very good! On Monday night they had a beach BBQ. The food was great and they had music and entertainment for all! The weather was fantastic and the staff are all friendly and nice! We did not find any language barriers even with some of the staff who did not speak English. Our stay I would rate a 5/5 and would recommend this resort to families and couples alike. The animation team always had something on the go for those who wanted to participate. If you don't want to do any of the activities you don't have to but many participated. We hope to go back again next year!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Live4VacationsBarrie
<Content>Awesome Resort        So tranquill  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Dorothy_and_Toto_8
<Content>Good resort and a couple of hints . . . Hola! Just returned from the Catalonia Bavaro. Enjoyed the stay. When you go, keep in mind a couple of things. Seems face cloths are an unheard of thing, so if you want one, bring your own. Towels were brought upon request. Bed wasn't the most comfy, but by the end of the week was fine. Lots of bottled water and local beer in the room fridge and by request. Leave notes on your pillow with a couple of US $1 and small candies, pencils, etc. Housekeeping staff seemed trustworthy and all seemed appreciative of the tips. The food was good... lettuce was available (not like Cuba), other vegetables and fresh fruits and juices also. Oatmeal at breakfast was fabulous!! We enjoyed the Japanese restaurant and the pool snack bar/restaurant. Men may not wear open-toed shoes, shorts or sleeveless shirts in the restaurants (ok for buffets). Make your reservations early! In general, staff were good, but didn't seem very happy... except the fellows at the pool/beach. (watch out for the 'chicken nazi' at the pool bar, though!)Loved the ability to walk on the beach for seeming miles. Kayaks were good too. If bare breasts bother you, you probably will be more comfortable at the pool area. Local 'merchants' are willing to ask for your business, but are not too pushy like Cancun. Only buy jewelry from an assured source... check 925 on the silver. My 'amber' turned out to be plastic.Enjoyed our room patio - shady with a hammock and rocking chairs. Great retreat from the crowded pool and hot sun.Brush up on your Spanish basics... many staff do not speak much english.Gracias! Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>PickeringHomey
<Content>Hidden Paradise       The pool area - very clean  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>emzyhooha
<Content>Fab-u-lous My boyfriend and I stayed at the Catalonia Bavaro Resort from the 17th of February- 22nd. We had a great time. The trip there was seamless- arriving 15 minutes early! When you arrrive you will enter the airport terminal and are immediately greated by women in very festive, traditional dominican apparel and are forced to take a picture with them. You're later given the opportunity to purchase the picture when you leave the Dominican for $8, US. Once your picture is taken you will have to pay $10 pp. for entry into the country. We didn't really understand why we had to pay this, but who are we to argue. Next we went to get our luggage. Security is very lax there- luggage coming out was a bit slow, but you're on vacation, right- so there really isn't a need to hurry. Once you get your luggage signs will clearly direct you where to go- if you have booked transportation to your resort through your travel company you will notice their stand near the exit- they will assist you in finding your shuttle. If you're like us- we didn't book any transportation prior to arriving so when we walk out we were accosted by several men trying to take our luggage to find a taxi-- within seconds, without having agreed, we were wisked off to a white van. We knew the person with our luggage was expecting a tip and we came ill prepared in that we didn't have any small bills- only $10's and $20's So We tipped the person carrying our luggage $10. We were then driven to the Catalonia- which was a quick trip about 10-12 minutes. The total for the cab ride was $30- we again didn't have any small change so we tipped him $10. It was a relief to finally be at our destination! The lobby was exquisite! Open space with lots of comfy furniture, impecibly clean etc. We made our way to the reservation desk and checked in. It look a few minutes, but again we are on vacation- if you feel like you need to hurry on vacation you should probably just stay home. Once we checked in they gave us our bracelets and asked that one of the bellhops take us to our villa in the golf cart. we were surprised at how large the resort was. Our villa was #19 and it was directly across from the pool and the 2nd villa down from the beach- which was great! It was quite a distance from the shopping, buffets and bars, but the walk helped burn all those beer calories! THE ROOM: Our room was beautiful. Very big, very dark, a huge tub, plenty of counter space, a seperate room with a shower and toilette, and a cute little patio area with a hammock and chair. The room was nice and cool. We had a fridge stocked with fanta, coke, sprite, water and beer. tipping a few bucks a day and leaving a note requesting any extra of anything works everytime. They were very accommodating! I had read in a couple reviews that there were bugs in their rooms- I never once saw an insect during my entire stay- that includes being outside. THE FOOD: The food was fine- not great, not bad, but perfectly good. There was something for everyone. There is the main buffet near the lobby- a ton of food to choose from and they are open for Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner. There is also a smaller buffet by the pool that only serves breakfast and lunch. Pretty much the same thing at both places. The a la carte restaurants- we only went to 2- we missed a reservation due to an excursion that went longer than expected. The Japanese place was amazing! They cook the food in front of you! Juan was our chef and he was very entertaining and animated. after you eat dinner they moved you into a separate room where you can have dessert and coffee- it was a great way to meet others. The Rodea Steakhouse wasn't as good. My boyfriend loved it because, well it was steak. The mashed potatoes were really good and the chicken fingers were pretty good. DO NOT GET THE seafood cocktail. I expected traditional fresh seafood with cocktail sauce and I got chopped up seafood in mayo which tasted terrible. We had chicken wings which were tiny- we weren't exactly sure if they were indeed chicken or some other bird- they tasted great though. Probably best we don't know what they were. THE BARS: There were only a few places to drink- the small bar at the pool, the small bar just outside the Main Buffet, the casino and the bar just down from the reservation desk. Each served basically the same things. Lots of beer and slushy drinks. You will usually get a small glass for your drink until you tip...well. Then you'll get a big glass. The bartenders were great. They really try and make your stay as plesant as possible. Our favorite bartender was Maximo. My boyfriend wore a Boston Red Sox hat the entire time and they love the red sox there- so they called him Boston. EXCURSIONS: We did the full day trip to Saona Island. It was amazing! Brings lots of sunscreen. We were told it would be an hour and 20 minute drive to the landing where we would catch our boat- it took over 2 hours. We then took a catamaran to SaonaThe lunch wasn't great, but the beautiful carribean sea makes up for it. It was interesting to see the difference between the atlantic ocean side of Punta Cana and the Carribean side. The water was wonderfully warm, the sand was fine and the people were great. It was a really long day though. MISC: Hardly anyone there speaks english- just enough to get by. Most of the time it wasn't much of an issue because we could sort of read between the lines. The woman at the internet place really didn't know any english and it was nearly impossible to communicate with her. The Bank was ridiculously slow- I stood in line for nearly 45 minutes trying to get money. All in all the trip was great. I would definietely go back- perhaps with a large group of people because we found that hardly anyone there speaks english- this included guests. Most were european, french canadian or dominican so it was really hard to meet people.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>lindack28
<Content>amazing vacation Catalonia is an absolutely beautiful hotel! well worth it. I plan going back. The food was good, the beach was breath taking. The staff were friendly and helpful. Very clean resort. A few things to be aware of. the weather was overall gorgeous. every morning while i was there was sunny and warm but about 3 times that week once it hit noon the clouds would role in and a tropical storm would hit. but only for a few hours. It was strange and a bit disapointing but we got into the habit of getting up super earlier and spending our mornings in the sun and then sleeping and resting during the afternoon. wether it was back at the hotel room or in the lobby.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>bobbiesuegirl
<Content>Ignore the negative reviews!! Our stay at the Catalonia Bavaro resort was amazing! From the moment we checked in we were treated like royalty! We found out later in the week that this resort is one of the older ones in Punta Cana, however, being one of the older ones has it's advantages! The grounds were beautiful and lush and the staff was very attentive. Our room was spacious and comfortable, and clean enough to just about eat off the floor! We had the best sleep all week! The buffets had a great selection of food and the ice cream and deserts were amazing! The service was 5 star all the way, we really enjoyed Nestor, he always made our meals entertaining at the main buffet! The a la cartes were good, however, we found the Mexican one the most entertaining! You have to try the crepes at the crepery too! The beach had lots of chairs and pallapas for shade. Make sure to walk past the Royal side beach because you'll find a great market to buy souveniors and paintings. The staff at this resort work really hard and we found tips went a long ways! Just to see the smile on thier face was well worth it! We left the resort on a couple of excursions and would recommend the Bavaro Runners, it was a great way to learn more about the Dominican way of life because you're in such a bubble on the resort that you really don't realize how the people really live in the country. Overall, I would certainly recommend this resort to anyone, it was a great experience all around for us! We honestly can't think of a single thing to complain about.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>3inthesun
<Content>Awesome time       some of the beach  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>dds123
<Content>Super resort Just returned from a week (Feb 15 - Feb 22) at this great resort. Before leaving, I read the reviews and was a bit apprehensive as to what to expect because of the negative reviews. My suggestion to you - ignore the negative reviews. This resort is great. Remember, you are on Dominican time and 15 minutes can mean an hour. Relax and enjoy your holiday - don't sweat the small stuff.We stayed in Villa 2 which is right on the beach and close to the beach buffet restaurant and pool. The room was very spacious and had 1 king bed, which was very comfortable. We did have problems with the air conditioning and fridge the first day, but both were fixed by the second day. The beach has lots of palm trees and a nice breeze. You can walk for miles. The sea grass on the beach is cleaned up every morning. If you want to reserve a palapa with your towel, you need to be at the beach by 7:00 -7:30 am. People reserve, even though there is a sign on the beach saying this is prohibited. If you walk on the beach to the right of the resort, you will come to some vendor shacks. Make sure you barter - you can usually get what you want for a quarter of what their starting price is. We got the best prices from Alex, who has the last shack.The pool is huge and has lots of lounge chairs, but if you want one under a palapa, you need to be at the pool between 7:00 and 7:30 am with your towel. Martin at the swim up bar makes a great Miami Vice!The animation team always has some activity happening at the beach or pool. The shows in the evening start at 10:00 pm and are very repetitious, but they do try very hard.The food was very good. The main buffet and a la carte restaurants are about a 10 minute walk from the beach  pool, so we usually ate breakfast at the beach buffet and at lunch time, we ate at the pizza  hamburger stand, which also had rotissiere chicken and fries. We ate at all the a la cartes except the Mexican. They were all good, with the Steakhouse being the best. Make sure you try the creperie that is in the Shopping Plaza by the lobby. They serve great banana splits.The Royal side is not worth the extra money from what we could see. They have a very small private beach, which didn't have very many people. They also have a private pool and a la carte restaurants. Looked very stuffy and boring!!All in all, it was a great vacation and I would go back to this resort.If you have any questions, please feel free to email me.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>BrandyCornwall
<Content>Great place, bad experience Had a great time at the Catalonia, beautiful resort, good food, drinks. Rooms were nice. King size bed, fridge in room with beer, water and pop. The property is very clean, no bugs. We left our maid money and gifts on the bed every day. We did a day trip zip lining, was so much fun, not scarry at all. If you get the chance to try this, great experience. Staff very friendly, we tipped every day, they really appreciate it. We had a terrible experience on our last day. Our two beach bags were stolen from our room. We had our winter clothes to go back home in them, 2 pairs running shoes, 2pairs jeans, 2 sweaters and socks. We had NOT checked out of our room yet, it was 11:00 am when we went back to the room and upon entering, the room as all clean, and our bags on the floor near the fridge were gone. We only had bathing suits on. We searched and searched all over and found one of the beach bags empty folded underneath the big laundry bag in the hallway. We took this bag to the front desk, and spoke to the manager along with 5 other people including our maid, and nobody seemed to give any answers, and could not explain why the beach bag was hidden in the hallway empty. We had to get going since our bus was waiting to take us back to the airport. We had to leave the resort in our bathing suits, t-shirt and sandals. We arrived in Canada (Ottawa) that way, it was snowing and freezing!! The hotel did nothing for us, and did not even give us any support. They took our info and said they would investigate and get back to us, but we have not heard from anybody. I hope this will help other travellers!!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bambam083
<Content>great place We stayed for a week. The resort is very beautiful. The beach is caribean paradise, sitting under palm trees lying in the sun with a cooling breeze.The pool is nice, large enough for everyone with plenty of chairs/shade. One thing I have to say about the resort is the excellent staff. The place is kept very clean,empty glasses vanish, the grounds are spotless, the flooring shines. The entertainment is great. These are people working long long hours for our relaxation, comfort and entertainment and to ask for more or complain shows a lack of compassion. Great people. In fact my only complaint would be the guests. 98% were very nice but there's always a small group who spoil it. Singing in restaurants and being very loud after the disco shuts, waking guests up in the middle of the night. Small egos with big mouths. However this is no reflection on the hotel.The food is excellent . A lot of care is taken towards the drinking water being safe (ice etc).If you go take a lot of one dollar bills for tipping. You don't want to be lining up at the hotel bank for an hour when the sun is calling and it feels good to give.The dominicans love young children and this place is great for families.All in all well worth it.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TracyB-WI
<Content>Great for relaxation       lobby area  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>bmrodgers
<Content>Loved the Catalonia We booked our trip thru Apple Vacations. This is our third trip to the Dominican Republic. The first year we went friends told us it is too bad we went to Punta Cana first because we would measure every trip by that one and they were right. The only exception would be Punta Cana at the Catalonia. This has been our best trip anywhere. We read reviews where people were talking about poor food and poor beaches at this resort I would find it hard to believe that they were at the same place. This is our 6th year of traveling and it was hands down our best food that we ever had. The buffets were better than what we have at home with a very wide variety of dishes at the buffet including at least 3 types of fish each night and plenty of beef, pork and veal. The fresh fruits and vegetables were awesome. Probably one of the best meals and snacks we had was the wonderful pizza bar at the pool. As fast as they were made they were taken with no pizza standing ever. The rotissarie chicken is to die for. Succulant juicy and flavorful all the way thru we could not get enough. The resort beach was awesome with the water temperature warm. I will admit once you walked in either direction off the resort beach it did get weedy. But that is true of any place we have been. The staff was curtious prompt and friendly. We had a problem with hot water we called the office and within 20 min. it was restored. They called that same day and the day after to make sure everything was satisfactory. Rooms were clean and we had a King size bed, walk out room and we enjoyed the shower and toilet seperate from the vanity area. We left our maid a gift everyday and in turn our room refrigerator was well stock with beer, pop and a case of water. There were plenty of activities throughtout the day if you wished to partake however, the swimup bar appeared to be the preffered attraction. They had 2 great buffets one by the main lobby and one by the ocean, 2 bars by the pool plus wait service poolside and a beach bar. One word of advice to future travelers is some of the ala carte restaurants will tell you that men can't wear sandals. I asked to speak to the manager and the hostess said never mind but just don' tell anybody that i let you in. Once inside we saw numerous patrons wearing sandals... so don't let them push you around. The only thing we missed is a bussling straw market where you can find some real deals. You can't negotiate with the taxis because there is not many of them because they are one of the last resort. We did miss the straw markets. Having said that if we had to choose one place to return out of all the places we have been it would be the catalonia hands down.Marcia  BobMichigan  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	5	3	5	4	

<Author>ANGELITOMIO
<Content>unfurgetable and pleasant I was impressed by the service this resort has. The staff is very nice and friendly. I can remember Fernando very funny and entertaining guy, they all were geat and respectfull. The resort is like a paradise very well maintained. The beach is gorgeous and the coconut trees awsome. The rooms are very spacious and elegant. I was impressed when I came into the room and I saw a jaccuzi and the other side the shower and the toilet, I liked that a lot. everything averall was worthy except that the food should be vary a little more but everything can't be perfect you know! But it was near to perfect for me and my family. Thank you catalonia for letting me have a good time there. I will defenetly recomended and comeback, it worth the price.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Sherlock40
<Content>The Good - The Bad - The Ugly Just returned from a week at the Catalonia Bavaro Resort. Let me start by saying that everyones feelings about this resort will vary upon what you're looking to do, your personal experiences, etc.That said, when we arrived at the resort we were impressed immediately by how lovely it was. We had a problem with check-in which may vary depending upon time you arrive, etc. There was only my wife and I checking in, and basically it took about half an hour to get checked in. Every time the gentleman processing us tried to do something he kept getting interrupted to do something else.Once we were checked in (nobody offered us a drink or even really welcomed us) we headed off to our room. Like other reviews said, they take your luggage and leave you to find your room on your own. ROOM / RESORTThe room was fine to us. Had a nice bathroom with shower and separate bathtub. The room had a refrigerator stocked with water, soda and beer. The balcony had a hammock and a couple of chairs and a table. Spent a lot of time out there enjoying cigars and the warm tropical breeze.The resort is beautiful with more than enough restaurants and bars to keep you fed and your glass full. Anybody who has been to an all inclusive before knows that you're not going to get five star meals, or top shelf alcohol. But, relax, there's a wide variety of food and enough rum and beer (Presidente) to keep most everyone happy.There are four specialty restaurants, try to book these early if you want to. The place to do this is behind the casino heading towards shops. Normally do this in morning and evening. Liked them all but the American...my wife was throughly disgusted by what they tried to pass off as Apple Pie...I liked the sundae though. BEACHBeautiful beach, lots of white sand, some seaweed, but wasn't really a problem. Not sure if it's normal, or just the time of year we were there, but the wind blew constantly on the beach. If you wanted to get a cabana to lie under when the sun was hot, you had to get there early and put a towel, or something to save your place. If you don't want to bother, later in the afternoon you shouldn't have a problem finding a cabana open, or a couple of chairs open to sit on.Read reviews about topless ladies, let me say it's all true. I haven't seen that many topless ladies since....actually, never did see that many before at any other resort.If you're looking for towels, take your card and head to the pool. Go behind the snack bar (where they have delicious pizza and chicken, hot dogs, hamburgers and nachos). They usually open at 8:30 and go to I believe 6:30. Keep this in mind as there are no directions where to get your towels, or what time they're open. DISLIKEDOne thing we were really disappointed about is the location of the resort. If you want to basically stay there, swim, eat, drink and relax this is the place for you. If you want to get away for an hour or two to shop, forget it. Most excursions were pricey (in my opinion) and usually took the best part (if not all) of a day to do. If you want to hit a few little local tourist shops. Walk out to the main gate, take a right and go about a mile or so and you can't miss some. Of course they tell you everything is cheap, cheap, practically free...but try to negotiate a price and you'll usually get it a lot cheaper than the price they first quote you.Every night a show started around 9:30 with something for the kids, then karaoke, then the show which usually wound down after 11 p.m. If you're watching the show, not a problem. If you're trying to sleep (at least where we were) forget it, until the shows over.Overall enjoyed the resort, weather was around 85 during the day and 76 at night. Only rained once or twice, and not an all day rain. If you're looking for a place to just relax, soak up the sun, then stop in at the Catalonia Bavaro Resort, pull up a chair near the pool and enjoy a Coco Loco.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	1	4	1	4	2	

<Author>jennibean55
<Content>good times GOOD TIMES! there is many good things about this resort and only 2 not so good points.............the 2 points that are not so good is that the pool water is cold and the showers in the room are very small and dark, but neither is enough to put a damper on your vacation. the resort is very pretty , the pool is pretty, the lobby is breathtaking......the disco is alot of fun.......staff are friendly.......the nightly entertainment is kinda boring(not like at the RIU Palace in Cabo) but its good atmosphere having drinks in the lobby bar at nights even if you dont watch the shows. POINTERS- make sure you specify alcohol in your drinks at the pool bar.....if you ask for a blue hawain or a coco loco they wont add rum unless you specify!(we didnt realize until our last day)Ignore all the bad reviews (some people will never be happy and will always look for things to complain about) . have fun, your on vacation and trust me, the week goes by fast so enjoy every second of it!!! (I see its snowing outside while i am writing this....i wanna go back and i just got home this morning)  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>jg26
<Content>con ron!!! Stayed there for 5 days and the experience was more than i expected!!!beautiful beaches,wonderful staff,warm friendly vibes...danced everynight till dawn with friends...we did not want to leave and are already planning our next trip back to Catalonia Bavaro!!!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>luvtravelling26
<Content>Wonderful experience in Dominican Republic       buffet  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>kasluvssun
<Content>Great time with friends.... We stayed from Feb 1st thru Feb 8th. We had a great time with good friends. After a 5 hour weather delay, we arrived and were greeted warmly by the front desk. Check in was smooth  fast! Since we were traveling w/ another couple they put us in adjoining villas without us even asking. They drove us to our villas, #1  #3, just steps away from the beautiful beach!! The rooms were very nice  spacious, no problems with the a/c at all.There were only 2 days that the maids came late (after 4:30 pm) to clean our rooms, the rest of the time, the rooms were cleaned by 11 am!! Spent only 1 day at the pool, as we are really beach people. The animation team were always friendly and if you did not want to participate, they left you alone. The beach was wonderful!! Always a nice breeze, plenty of shade if you wanted it. We were usually on the beach by 8-8:30 am, so no problem with getting our space for the day.All of the ala carte restaurants were excellent, service  food wise.Breakfast buffets were good, made to order omelets..yummy! You did have to wait in the omelet line to get bacon though...they ration that! Lunch we mainly did at the pool snack bar, and yes, as everyone else has said, the pizza  chicken were very good. I was the only one out of our group that didn't care for the evening buffet dinner..people by that time of the day were rude  pushy at the buffets, food did not look appetizing. Coffee service at the buffets was bad...had to wait a very long time for coffee, and you were lucky to get a 2nd cup! There was a lot of topless women both at the beach  at the pool. Really was quite interesting to see...didn't bother our husbands though!! :)All in all, we had a good time..the only down side was the wait staff at the buffets. We did tip at the bars, didn't seem to make much difference to them. We also tipped our maids as well, nothing noticeably different with their service either.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunandfunTecumseh
<Content>Clean Resort My husband and I stayed from January 19-26- 2008, read alot of reviews and was kind of leary because of all of the negative feed back but our experience was nothing negative.RESORT: Villa's were extremely clean, spacious, and we loved the hamock on the beloncy and we had a great view of the pool. The jetted tub was romantic and relaxing. Our only problem with the room was our phone did not work and our fridge was not cold however we called and the matters were taken care of by a very friendly repair man. Our maid was wonderful, we left her daily gifts on the bed and she left us extra towels, bubble bath, water, beer, pop and one day she left us a fresh fruit basket and a bottle of rum. The gardens were beautiful and very clean even after 2 days of heavey rain. There were always grounds keepers cleaning and trimming trees etc. The beach and pool area were clean and very enjoyable to sit around all day. There were always security around the beach therefore you felt very safe. Our only suggestion for the beach would more bars on the beach as they only have one pool bar and one beach bar which are extremely busy due to the large amount of people at this resort. The staff always keep you entertained on the beach and by the pool with dancing, arobics, sports etc. They are very friendly and speak many languages. The bar staff for the most part are very friendly and attentive to your needs but however this resort could use a few more bars inside as there is only one in the lobby area. It is very busy and the staff work very hard but at times they can't handle to flow of people demanding drinks. They do not carry top self liquor , no Canadian Club or any whiskie, only scotch. The beer is not the greatest, Presidente draft but then again we are Canadian and are use to great beer and whiskey. We found the European people to be very rude and demanding of all the staff. They would always rudely cut in front of you at the bar and not once did we see them tip anyone. The staff work for a low low wage and live on tips however they never expect a tip. FOOD: We found the buffet to be very plentiful with many options to choose from. Many types of food from many cultures. The cooks were always cooking fresh meat, eggs, pasta etc. You have the option to do 4 a la carte dinners and we suggest you book them all at the beginning of your stay. We did the Mexican which was very good and they had better beer, Corona. We tried the Steak House which had Bud beer, our steaks were tasty, some were over cooked and our waiter was not the greatest but over all it was good. The Japanesse was excellent, they cook at your table and you have many choices of meat. Our chief was very enteraining and the food was excellent. We did not make the French restaurant but friends of ours did and it was good. You tend to get tired of the buffet for breakfast, lunch and dinner therefore utlize the restaurants. The snack bar at the pool is very good, fresh roasted chicken, hamburgers, hot dogs, pizza and ice cream available for about 4-5 hours a day. They have a crepe restaurant that is like a out door cafe. They have meat, veggie and dessert crepes. It is only open from about 4:00- 8:00 but it is excellent and we highly recommend you try it. As you can see you are never at a loss for food. ENTERTAINMENT: They have a dance show every night for 2 hours and we feels they were very enteraining and put on a good show. Then the dancers would dance with the crowd in the disco. The disco was fun however it is very smokey and only mostly spanish music which over time sounds the same.TOURS: Deep Sea Fishing: we went out on a very rough water day. The wave were 10 ft tall and should have been cancelled. Therefore I was sick as was another women on the boat so we turned it around and they dropped us off and went back out. They were very good at calling to the land and having our taxi ready for us to go back to our resort. They never did catch fish that day as the water was much too rough.Outback Safari: EXCELLENT!!!! we got to see the real Domenican and how they live, very poor. We saw kids and how they have to live. We saw a school and came to realize that the parents have to pay $50. per month per kid, therefore not too many can go. The mountains were beautiful. We saw homes that were huts and tin shacks and we saw how they make a living, grinding coffee, vanilla and cocoa. Then we got to go for a wonderful lunch and to the beach with large waves to buggy board. LOTS OF FUN. We handed out small toys, candy and hats to all the kids we saw and they were very greatful. Please do not listen to all the negative comments, you get what you pay for and this was good value for your money. We enjoyed our stay very much and we highly recommend it to anyone. On the Royal side it looked dead and boring therefore we don't recommend the upgrade.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tropical_paradise07
<Content>Time of my life!!!!!!       lovely grounds  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kguerra
<Content>Beautiful Catalonia Bavaro surpassed my expectations. The beach is amazingly beautiful. The staff is very sweet and fun. The rooms are spacious. The food is okay, but plentiful. The best part were the delicious rum and cokes. We had so much fun we cannot wait to go back!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Eleanor_8
<Content>Great Value! We stayed in the Catalonia Bavaro, in the latter part of January 2008.We booked last minute, got a good discount, (canadian) $677 each, plus the departure taxes. And for this we got a week of paradise. The entrance foyer is very impressive. An open sided structure. with lots of water features and marble floors.The grounds were lovely, and very well maintained. Great for a stroll.The staff, all of them, from the Security, service personel, and the Entertainment staff, were the best we have met yet.  It is the staff and their courtesy that makes this resort a success. There are hotels in the Dominican where obviously the staff are not happy, and it shows in their attitude. The food was good and I must mention the fish dishes were excellent. Just don't expect an 1 chop or large steaks in the buffet resturant. The food budget in the main lobby resturant obviously does not have the finances for such. The salads were wonderful. Great breads, and lovely omlettes. And according to our scales, we certainly didn't starve. I did notice that when the senior people were off duty, such as Sunday morning, the service and the cooking slightly slipped. And there was not a pemanent roving manager to see to filling up the more popular dishes, or spoons for the yogurt, etc., Perhaps the excutive could look at this area.For the amount of people that came off the bus, the reception dealt with our check in fairly fast. Do yourself a favour, and adopt a laid back, 'manyana' attitude once you get to the airport prior to departure. Relax you will get your room, and you will get your luggage etc., just remember you aren't the only people to have arrived.And bring your manners. We are in our 60's, and we found that we were the ones to shift over into a single line, when meeting oncoming people in the pathways. We really had no option, it was that or be walked over. When it comes to getting a drink they do concentrate on serving domestic brands of liquer, so pop into the Duty Free coming and get your favourite tipple for your room. What else made up this vacation, a clean, comfortable room, lovely gardens, beautiful beach, yes there is seaweed, but that's a natural phenomenom in a bay that is protected by a barrier reef. And did I mention sun, more sun, and blue, blue skies, and NO SNOW to shovel.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Carrie227
<Content>Maybe I can help you make sense of the mixed reviews....       They cut open freshly picked coconuts for you to drink (behind Kasia), Catalonia Bavaro, Punta C  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>louisedu
<Content>absolutely perfect!!!! MY HUSBAND AND I just got back friday, feb.1, 2008 THE BEST RESORT..The people are friendly and do there very best for you. The food and drinks, excellent!!! Do not believe all the negatives comments. We are fussy...but I must say it was perfect. The room very clean everyday, we left 2$ 3$ for the maid every day. We must keep in mind that all - inclusive does not cover the maid, the waitress or any of the staff. I was ashamed when I found out lots of people do not tip at all. These people are poor and make from 150. to 200$ a MONTH.... So please...what is a buck or two for us...really! We will go back and stay at the same place next year. ABSOLUTELY PERFECT. I must add the service on Transat was horrible, late flight, staff looked tired and not at all happy. I call this plane a sardine box and it s stinks!!!!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JPostal
<Content>Pretty Good       Catalonia  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>chris174
<Content>Fantastic!! I spent two weeks at the Catalonia Bavaro Resort with my best friend and we had an amazing time.The resort was beautiful... clean and well maintained. The staff was very friendly and attentive to your every need. They truly would do anything for you.The food was very good. The buffet restaurant had a huge selection of different foods... something for even the pickiest eater!! The a la carte restaurants (Mexican, French, Japanese and American steakhouse) were also very good. There was also a second buffet restaurant and a snack bar near the pool for those who didn't want to dress up for meals. The pool was awesome! We spent quite a few nice afternoons around the pool or at the swim-up bar. Members of the animacion staff would come by around 3:00 to get people to play water volleyball or water polo - lots of fun! There were also salsa lessons, Spanish lessons on the beach and competitions for tourists to enter with prizes awarded during the evening entertainment.The beach was lovely. There were kayaks and pedal boats, scuba lessons and dive opportunities, and, of course, a beach bar! The entertainment was very good. The dance routines were full of energy and were really fun to watch. On Monday nights they had a beach party. They set up tables and chairs down on the beach and had a bar on each side. There were a few guys who did fire breathing... that was very cool. The animacion staff were lots of fun... they were always there to make sure you were having a good time. They also would pull you up on the dance floor at the disco! I've never danced so much!!! The room was large and very nice with a king bed, a jacuzzi tub and a balcony complete with hammock. The staff did a very good job cleaning up and stocking the mini-fridge!!We took three tours: an all-day cultural tour of Santo Domingo, an afternoon party boat where we snorkeled with nurse sharks and stingrays, and a day trip to Saona Island. They were all great tours and decently priced. Saona Island was our favorite tour - they took us there in speed boats, we had a barbeque lunch and relaxed on the beach, then took a rum-soaked catamaran back to shore. Lots of fun!All-in-all, it was a terrific time... I'm already planning on going back!!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>kbk54923
<Content>Eighth Year Staying Here This was the eighth year in a row that we have stayed at this resort. This time we took our niece and nephew and they had a great time. We thought that we might rather stay on the Royal Side after reading all the reviews, but found out that we liked this side better. We had VIP bracelets so we were allowed to use everything on the Royal side except to sleep there. The Royal side is further from the beach and all the good theme restaurants are on the other side. There are no children on the Royal side but there were many rude people at the pool the day we were there. They were taking other peoples lounge chairs and just in general very loud and obnoxious. All the great music and fun is on the regular side. I liked the free internet on the Royal side, tho. On the regular side it costs $3 for 15 minutes. A great hint for everyone is: Please be sure to take your own sunscreen, tan lotion, etc. The sunscreen down there cost $42 for 2 containers. One was spray, the other a lotion. If you can't find it in 3oz bottles, put it in some travel bottles you can buy at the department store. As for the mosquitoes that everyone seems to think are there, forget it. We never saw any and it was a little cloudy and rainy a couple of the days we were there. Food was great, drinks were great, there are no friendlier people on earth and if you can't find something you need or have a problem don't hesitate to ask without being rude.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>c1carroll
<Content>Catalonia Bavaro rocks! Arrived at the Catalonia on Sat (Jan 26th) and was surprised that they let us check in early (1 PM), asked for and got a roomin Villa 2, right next to the beach and pool! Great start! Other travelers say the rooms are dark, and that's true (poor lighting), but beyond that, the rooms are very comfortable. We had a ground floor room with a good sized patio (hammock, table, chair). We spent a minimum of time in our room...beach, pool grounds...all leave too much to do.  The biggest issue for a lot of folks is food. Well, this topic I will have a hard time reviewing well, because I am anything BUT a sophisticated eater. I will say this...there's something at all the buffet and Ala Carte restaurants to satsify all tastes. We did three ala cartes during our stay, French, Japanese, and Texas steak house. The French is probably the favorite (and hardest to book), but I personally enjoyed the T-bone steak I had at the Texas stak house the best (great appetizers too!). The Japanese was also good too. Hibachi style dining with steak, chicken, seafood, sushi, soup, saki, etc. This was the night we met our friends from Wisconsin and Vancouver, who we spent the next few days with..Stacey, Traci, Leo, Rene, Valerie, Maria, and Karen....you guys made our time there sooo much more enjoyable!  There are shows every night at the outdoor theatre, and although we only saw a couple, they seemed pretty well done. The bars are a great place to just sit and chat, and we certainly did our share of experimenting with new drinks. Other than the fact that Seagrams seems to be totally unknown on the island, we found the bar staff extremely accomodating!  The beach is just spectacular. Palm covered from 100 feet back, and the sand is so fine and white. The water is that perfect Caribbean turquoise, though not as clear as we would have expected. Regardless, they rake out the sea grass every morning to keep the beach as clean as possible. If you need something to occupy yourself with, the Animacion staff is always out recruiting for volleyball and other beach activities. The beach bar is right there to keep you hydrated, and there are catamarans, kayaks, and snorkeling (all included) that can be used at the right side of the resort. The pool is immense, and the hub of activity (get there early for a good spot). Water aerobics each morning to work off those big breakfasts, and a swim up bar. Met more of those great Canadians there. The bartenders know how to accomodate anyone, and seem happy to oblige all requests. We spent a lot of time by the pool and I'd have to say, the weather was ideal for it. The food is also great at the pool bar..try the rotissery chicken and freshly made nachos and cheese....delicious!  This was our first all-inclusive resort, so I can't compare it others, but others we had met said it was there favorite of the 3 they had done. It's not 5 stars, but for the price, you should not be disappointed. Keep in mind, your own attitude has so much to do with how much you enjoy it, so go with a vacation spirit, and you'll come home satisfied. Thanks Catalonia...you provided a memorable vacation!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Alwayscourious
<Content>Rain or Sun..still alot of fun!! MY husband and I were at this resort Jan 17-24. With alot of research on the different resorts in Punta Cana, we decided to go with this one for many different but one important reason..The reason is and the main reason was it had a bit of everything to offer especially GOLF. My hubbie is addicted to golf and for me all i was interested in was a fab beach. Oh yes, not to mention the price was right as well!!We had a great flight from toronto. We left the cold and the best feeling ever was walking out of the plane in Punta Cana to feel the warmth. Got through the airport smoothly and off we were to find the bus to take us to the resort. That had to be the most confusing thing ever, We were told atleast 3 different numbers for the buses and they are all numbered. Each bus for eachresort. Finally we got to the bus and went on. All the other buses were leaving and there we were sitting there with no idea as to why we have not left. Long story short...I still dont know to this day,but lets jsut say it took much longer then it should have. Finally we were on our way. Its a very short bus ride to the resort. Upon arrival to this resort I was completely impressed with the open, bright lobby! We checked in and within 10 minutes we got our keys to our room. The staff took our bags and placed them into the cart. I WAS SHOCKED that they took our bags, but hey what about us? Where is our room? Oh yes, one thing I did not like was the fact we had to attempt to find our room on our own. It was interesting to find our villa as I forgot to m ention that we arrived late night. The resort is brightly lit, however if u dont know where u r going, it can be a fraustrating why to start off. FINALLY got to our room 3127. Walked in and once again I was shocked to see the state of the room...one word to explain the room...PERFECT! Very bright,large and most importuntly CLEAN! The shower and the toilet where in the same room, and the 2 sitter bathtub was on the otherside from where the shower was. I was super excited to see how nice the rooms were as the other half and I have had some horrible experiences in the past. We decided to drop our things and make our way through the resort to see whats where and find something to eat. No problems, th hubbie found some hotdogs and we then found the casino. Lets just say we were not so lucky to win anything.To get to the point of my thoughts of this resort, I will list everything good and bad briefly:**PRO***-Clean and spacious rooms-A ceiling fan to keep u extreamly cool and comfy-Fab and clean beach with tons of chairs. To get a hut,must go super early to place ur towels downs. Not a big deal if u dont get one,very breezy cominbg from the beautiful blue ocean-Swimming pool another beauty,large and veryy clean. Lots of chairs so there is no issue. The bar is near by and does not take long to get a cold drink-We had some rain durning our trip and was stuck under a tent by the pool to keep dry. The staff were there,ready to get the party started regardless of the weatgher. This is loved the most. -Pool side restaurant..AMAZING!! The best pizza ever,all the soda's and beer u wish to have. All u can eat at this place..try the icecream, one thing I did not but heard its great!-U have choices between 4 different restaurants, which unfortuntly we did not go as the main reason is I AM A PICKY EATER. We did eat every day breakfast  dinner. I am notsure if there can possibly be anyother person out there as picky as I am...so dont worry about the buffet. U forsure will find something to your liking!-the grounds of the resort was sooooo clean and inviting!-majority of the staff were always smiling and saying hello. The odd ones some interesting personalities if I can put it that way!Well as u can see no cons to right. I highly recommend this resort. Remember, u go with a positive attitude something good always comes ur way. U go negitive, well then u mine have well stayed home to complain!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>kleinm
<Content>Awesomeeee time! This is a bit delayed, (I travelled to the Dominican in October..)however... the staff, food, service, cleanliness was excellent!! The hotel pictures do not do it justice!!! and my friend and I even told the hotel staff that!! No matter where you are in the resort the workers treat you with respect!! and the Entertainment staff is a hoot! I had the oppurtunity to eat in the Japanese, Mexican, and American resteraunts, and they were excellent!! The hotel also has a internet/phone room!! so don't use your cellphone or room phone because it was ridic. cheap to use the phone in the internet room!! Also, make sure you bring Dom. money or American money, the hotel bank took about $20 american from my $80!!!!!! (I learned my lesson) If you go, eat Pizza by the pool, the Hawaiin is to die for, also the beach rest. is awesome in the morning, you can drop your towel at the pool or beach and go for breakfest!! the eggs are awesome and the chef can even make you an egg sandwi. if you ask nicely! I hope I covered everything!!! Again I must say... if you have a chance to go to the Catalonia take it!!! the resort is beautiful and the food is awesome! and the rooms are great!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2-4thesea
<Content>Two weeks of pure joy and fun! A job well done by all, Thanks Jesus. We ran away from the kids (The Kranks!), stayed for 2 weeks, from Dec 18th- Jan 01, 2008. We got our room in less than 5 minutes, in our room in ten minutes. The room was typical of the pictures very clean and spacious (Nice round tub for two!!!!). Within two 鈥?three days the staff new our names and where we were from (Punta Canada!) Getting a drink was no problem. Laura and Carolina at the main bar were awesome (Yes we did tip, not because we had too, but because we wanted to. A buck here and there and at the end of our stay a $20.00 bill).Jose on the beach bar always remembered what we wanted and always sang. Get at the beach by 7-7:30 if you want a grass hut cabana, don鈥檛 worry about the chez loungers there are plenty of new and clean ones. The food was pretty great. We always found something to eat that tasted great. Pizza was great as well. The four a la cart restaurants were fine and service was much better than Alberta restaurants!! We ate 2 times at each one so,,,,,,,,,,,, good overall. Angile (hope I spelled your name right!!), one of the entertainers was a blast, always made you laugh! We viewed the resort as a great place to be the service was excellent and the Resident Manager (Director) Jesus made himself available and took the time to chat with us and a wave when he was walking by. When he found out it was our anniversary we did get special attention (Fruit, rum and room change to the beach! Nice thought), Thanks!Christmas was not planned, it was orchestrated! Every effort was made to ensure the guests were pampered 鈥淕reat Job鈥?and thank you. The same for New Years! The sea food was stacked high; lobster, crab legs, prawns, oysters etc.There are lots for kids and young adults to do and no worries, the resort has excellent security including on the parameters. The beach was cleaned 2-3 times a day, very little for 鈥渟ea weed鈥?as they were cleaning all the time. Would we go back??????????????????? Yes! In a heart beat, we may even take the kids this time. We will post some pics soon (Under Randy and Rosa's Pics) and show you the Real resort. The grounds have its own eco system and are well cared for.Staff was great!Dave and Sue, Friends we met on the trip. Thanks for the laughs!Randy and Rosa.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Agnes75
<Content>Lovely Place - Great for Families with KIDS       Mini Disco  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>xpocdude
<Content>Awsome Resort       Air Port Punta Cana  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>nadia1233
<Content>Awesome This was the best place i have ever been too. Being a flight attendant and having travelled the world. I have seen many places and beaches all through the carribbean and mexico and I have stayed at 5 stars and i must be honest, this resort was rated a 4.5 and it could have easily been a 5star. The food was great and the beach was a 6star.Have fun and have no hesitations. Be happy and have a great vacation.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>copper1515
<Content>Okay for the price. Penny from CalgaryWe stayed at this resort from Jan. 10 - 17 /08. After having read the reviews previous to booking, I was pretty well expecting the type of quality of resort it was for the amount we paid per person.It's about a 31/2 star by Canadian standards. Rooms were okay and they were clean but the hotel is older and it shows in the bathrooms. But we didn't stay much in the room so it wasn't a big problem. We had our fridge filled and fresh towels most days and when I didn't get as I had requested a call to housekeeping brought them fairly quickly.I didn't find the staff very friendly either. We were in Cuba last year and I found the Cubans a very happy bunch while the D.R. staff were not as friendly and as noted by others did not smile often or even say hola when you greeted them with it. Tipping didn't seem to make any difference and I got the impression that the items we left for the housekeeping staff plus tips were just expected.Food was not great. Breakfast was pretty good but I tended to live on chicken, pasta and salads otherwise. Beach buffet has good chicken, chips and decent hamburgers although I agree it is not well stocked or staffed.We attended the Mexican, Japanese and French resturants.The Mexican was okay, the Japanese was good and was fun but the French one was very poor. Terrible service (none after we had got our food and couldn't even get more wine as the waiterdidn't come back to offer anymore.) and the food was not great.My husband and I ordered the lobster after having people from the UK at the Japenese resturant the previous evening telling us how wonderful it was. We don't know what it was but it didn't look or taste like an lobster we eat in Canada. It had a very strange mushy texture to it and it had been baked to death. My son had a bacon wrapped tenderloin and although he said it wasn't what we would get at home, he was satisfied with it.We did do the Bavaro Runners tour and it was fun. Our tour guide was very good and we tipped him heavily.The beach was good. Yes some seaweed and maybe could have been swept and cleaned more often but all in all we had no complaints about it. But you do have to get up early (by 8 am) andput towels out or you will never get a covered spot.Grounds are well kept and hotel looks good otherwise. The lobby bar was always busy and had great coffee and danishes every moring also. Had a nice little shopping strip also if you ddn't want to go to the flea markets. Could pick up small souvenirs here for a reasonable price.If you're wanting a cheaper holiday and don't mind an older hotel and are not a real picky eater this will do you fine.I don't think we'll go back to this resort again but will certainly go back to Punta Cana.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>reezolve
<Content>Good but not exceptional My wife and I stayed at the Catalonia from 1/13/08 - 1/20/08. We had a pleasant stay and it is not a bad resort but it could be so much better.Rooms: The rooms were immaculate, and huge. The soaking tub easily fits 2. The shower was microscopic; don't drop the soap b/c unless you鈥檙e a contortionist you will not be able to pick it up without stepping out of the shower. Overall the rooms were great.Staff: The resort staff was excellent, they really try very hard to make sure that guests are happy. Many of them speak 4-5 languages. (Spanish, English, French, German, a few even spoke Russian) I guess this was due to the fact that the guests come from all over. While we were there most were from Canada, but there were many from Germany and Spain as well. Beach  Landscaping:The beach was excellent. The water is shallow; you can go out 50 yards+ and still be in water you can stand in. There is sea grass but the resort does a great job keeping it off the beach. The resort itself is gorgeous and well maintained. Truly a tropical paradise.Food and Drink: This is where the resort falls down. The food is edible and you definitely won't starve but you will eat more b/c your hungry than b/c you can't wait to taste the next morsel. We ate at all the specialty restaurants (French, American, Japanese,  Mexican) Mexican was good the rest were OK. The buffet is OK as well but the food really was not appetizing. Sucks b/c one of the biggest draws for any all-inclusive is the food. The drinks were super sweet,  completely inconsistent. The same person could make the same drink 10x and it would taste different each time. They have very few top shelf liquors. That being said, my wife and I still managed to get tipsy a few days during the trip. Activities:We went SCUBA diving; there is a sunken wreck that is cracked in half a short boat ride from the resort. It was great diving through the wreck. We also took ocean Kayaks out  played competitive volleyball on a few days...it was fun.The Jurassic Boogies expedition was a good time as well. You take dune buggies off-roading and then arrive at a beach. Afterwards, you ride trail on horseback. All in all we had a good vacation. Great to get away from work, being parent, life in general. We met some awesome people and had a lot of fun while there. Better food/drink would have really improved my opinion of the resort.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>gugusiek
<Content>Nice resort, poor service We stayed at the resort from Jan.6-13 this year. It is a very nice and clean resort, the rooms are large and clean. The food is fine at the buffet, we ate there everyday and we had our 2 year old with us, the buffet at the beach is also great for lunch. The pool and beach are nice, althought the grass weeds at the beach were not cleaned often. The beach was nice but the water was muddy since it was windy all week, we thought the beaches and water in Cuba (cayo largo, cayo coco, Jibacoa) were nicer. The hotel is pretty secluded from the other hotels in Punta Cana. Overall it was a good holiday i would go back for the same price we paid $600 plus tax per pers. otherwise i would try another destination. The only negative is the service, like others have written, it makes no difference if you tip or not, unless you are tipping with a $10. There was no extra effort on anyones part if we tipped, and even with tipping the service was very poor about 2.5*. The shows were pretty good, you could tell they were trying hard. It is a very nice hotel other than the service so if you don't mind that you will have a good vacation. We were happy overall since we got such a good deal.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	1	3	

<Author>OntarioSnowBunny
<Content>A little bit of heaven       scuba diving in the pool  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	5	3	5	2	

<Author>LeaniePuma
<Content>Don't Hesitate-- Book it!! I've stayed at several all-inclusive resorts in the Caribbean and this one was really one of the best.Food - lots of variety, always available, and delicious.Rooms - gorgeous, spacious and very clean. The huge luxurious bathtub was especially a treat. Beach - GORGEOUS! White sand, lined with tall palm trees. Activities - lots to do if you wanted to.Landscaping - The resort was beautifully maintained and very lush. Lots of little lagunas, flowers, varieties of trees and birds throughout. Space - Even during one of the busiest weeks of the year (Christmas holidays), you never felt over-crowded anywhere.Clientele - Mainly Canadian (English  French) and European (French, Italian, British). It seemed to be good for all: couples, families and singles.The only negative I would have to say is that the staff motto seemed to be, We don't care!. It seriously looked like it pained most people to do their jobs. They seemed miserable. Even despite the misery, though, the service was still generally very quick and we never lacked anything. If the staff had been friendlier, I would have rated this a 5/5 instead of 4/5.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	2	1	

<Author>KellyMontreal
<Content>Resort has it's problems Pay attention to what you read when others complain about where they have stayed. Once I had booked my vacation, I read some disturbing things about this resort, but thought that these people were just hard to please. I am not a complainer by nature...PEOPLE: The staff was either really friendly or really rude. Depended on who you dealt with. We found that everyone is friendly until you needed their assistance. We always greeted everyone with a smile, which we often (but not always) got in return.SERVICE: After six attempts over 2 days to change our room (noisy, dark, no privacy) we gave up. They kept asking us to return to the lobby 2 to 3 times a day to fix the problem, but then the person who promised to help us mysteriously disappeared. We couldn't get towels in our room for two days, despite repeated pleas for assistance.FOOD: The big buffet restaurant was the place to go. Good quality and reasonable cleanliness. The beach buffet restaurant was populated by the most rude members of the resort staff. The pool snack bar was the WORST place in the resort: always dirty, never prepared (no glasses, food never available, staff very rude and really not helpful.)BEACH: Beautiful, but this is a natural thing and can be found throughout Punta Cana. The resort kept the beach reasonably clean, but we found tonnes of straws, cups and cigarette butts. Gross.We do not recommend this resort and we will not go back to it.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>angryMiddlesex
<Content>Guests Beware GUEST BEWARE. We were robbed from our personal room safe of all cash 500usd and 245 sterling. We reported this to Guest services at 9.30 am, who duly wrote a report but only attended the room at my persistent request. We were told 24hours needed to investigate. During this time we were given the run around, nobody would answer questions being passed from one person to another. 24hours came and went still nothing again went to guest services to be told security to attend..what a joke. We had two security guards and a guest services rep looking for evidence 24 hours after the robbery. We were advised a meeting was set for 10am following morning with guest service manager..but low and behold she was at a meeting an knew nothing about it. The hotel would not answer any phone calls from travel company rep and we were upset and frustrated to think we could be treated in this manner ..they just dont care. Eventually, we created such a stink in reception they all appeared and told us they were not responsible for the robbery and threatened to have us removed from the hotel if we complain anymore. So after paying 2500ukp for the holiday in their hotel they are quite happy to see you go and the problem goes away. THE PATIO DOORS CLOSE ON A LATCH AND CAN BE OPENED FROM THE OUTSIDE WITH LITTLE FORCE. MAKE SURE THIS DOOR IS LOCKED AT ALL TIMES AS THE MAID QUITE CONVENIENTLY FORGOT TO LOCK OURS SEVERAL TIME BEFORE THIS INCIDENT. DUE TO MY HUSBANDS DISABILITIES WE STAYED IN THE ROOM AFTER 6PM. THE ONLY NIGHT WE ATE OUT WE WERE ROBBED.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>totraveler
<Content>OK Resort We stayted at this resort from jan 6 to 13 .Let me start by saying that we are in our early 40s and travel 4 times a year last one being Rui Palace in punta cana , i have been to many resorts from 4 star to 5+ and have never wrote a review , but this one i felt that i should .Lets start with the joke of an airline AIR TRANSAT , my daughter had left 3 days prior to us with the same tour company Noli tours wich by the way is owned by air transat , they where to leave at 4.30 pm only to find out their flight was delayed till 1.30 am the next day , missing a whole day of their vacation , so i was worried that same thing would happen to us , but we where lucky only 1 hour late . Any one that has traveled with air transat knows how those seats are , oh yes we got mr wongs food box thrown at us , but the worse of this flight was these 3 people sitting behind us with the swearing out loud , with many kids aroud it was f this f that and not one flight att aprached them to quite it down , instead kept feeding them beer , so we get in to punta cana at 11.30 pm got our luggage and headed to the hotel .Hotel : we got there about 12.30 am to be greeded by someone that hardly spoke english , got our bracelett then they make you wait around to give your rooms keys cant figure this one out .After that wonderfull meal on air transat we where all hungry , but food nowhere to be found , then i got a rotten apple and a little sandwich provided by the fron desk . Ok now we have our keys but noone to take our luggage , no golf carts and this place is big , we take our lugggage we found our villa hapened to be on the third floor , no lights on the stairs but i made it up , its now 2am walk into the room musty smell but thats expected , get into bed and the pillows are like rocks , ok hope tomm gets better , go to turn on the tv to wacth the morning news remote does not work , then i go to use the plug to charge my camera plugs dont fit they are 110 v but the outlets are in a weird shape that it did not fit , so i asked for an extention wich they brought , make sure no small kids around as they have live wires exposed . One night we had no power in the room for 3 hours only then someone showed up .The best feature about his hotel are the grounds and the beach the pool was showing its age and the water was cold , and very loud , the food was ok in the buffet same thing everyday , the el la cart where ok we got sick with the losbter in the french , the bars where always very crowed and no premium drinks , the pizza is very good by the pool .The beach is very nice , some seaweed but not much and they do clean it , we always found a chair but we where at the beach by 9 am it get full quick , never spend time at the pool it was just to loud for my liking .The shows at night where ok , not your cruise nightly shows one of the dancers almost dropped his partner scary moment , and of course Milcheal Jackson show sames to be popular in punta cana from a scale of 1-10 i give it a 4 .conclussion you get what you pay for , not to be compared with the rui palace , the rooms horrible , the grounds are beautiful , the service not good , the beach is the jem of this resort , the food was ok , would i return to this resort NO , just because the negatives where to many , pay the extra 200 dollars you will thank yourself .  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	1	2	1	

<Author>karmawinnipeg
<Content>One Week in Paradise       Hotel resort Grounds  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>cathydee
<Content>Great Time The staff are great, very friendly and happy. The rooms are basic but clean. The food was OK, you can always find something to eat. The pizza and chicken at the snack bar was brilliant. Also the ice cream was a treat. We were 8 people (4 adults and 4 teenagers). The entertainment was horrible (usual lip sinking). And right there near the bar so cant get away from it. The main restaurant was NOT air conditioned but it was OK for us as it wasn't that hot. BE careful going here in the HOT months though. The teenagers had a good time but did get a bit bored at night as the nightclub always played way too much spanish music. The pool area isnt a place we would hang out but on real windy days it was too cool to be on the beach and the noise around the pool was too much for the older folks! The beach at least is quiet and lovely. The grounds are the prettiest we have seen and well cared for. We had a lot of stormy weather and a lot of rain especially in the evenings. The pathways got flooded which was a pain if your wearing good shoes. All in all though I would say that this trip was good value for money. We probably wouldnt go back though unless we had kids with us as it was too loud and not that romantic for a couple looking for some luxury.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>cokorky
<Content>Beautiful but problems This was a family trip with our 3 college kids and wife and I.The resort is beautiful and the staff was very friendly. The check-in is a little chaotic and they misplaced copies of 2 of our passports, which caused a 45 minute delay. Everyone else seemed to get into their rooms in about 15-20 minutes.We got rooms next to each other. The rooms were very good sized and decorated like most other Caribbean hotels we have stayed at. The kids' room had no problems, but ours had an air conditioner that liked to leak water (through the ceiling light fixture) on the entry tiles every second day (it was like clockwork). They fixed it within an hour of complaining, but it was annoying.The beach is absolutely gorgeous. It was exactly what the doctor ordered for relaxing. Don't pay for the Royal section as their beach was pathetic in comparison. The lounges were comfortable and plentiful. Palapas were generally taken by 9:00am. There is some seaweed, but they were constantly cleaning it up while we were there and didn't affect the use of the beach. There were no vendors on the beach trying to sell anything, but if you walked either way down the beach from the resort, there were a few local shops where you could barter (settle for around 1/3 of the original price asked!). The shops to the right as you face the water were better.The resort is mainly Canadians and Europeans and it was refreshing to talk with so many different nationalities. The kids really enjoyed the resort and found many others their age to hang out with. It is very safe at the resort and we didn't worry a lot about them staying out late. The disco was open to about 2:00am and most kids hung out there (way too loud for me).The food......well let's just say fair, but I thought this going into it. The buffets were just okay but plentiful. The beach side buffet had better service. The pool snack bar had the best food. I agree with most others, the chicken was great, but so were the pizza, burgers, and hot dogs (forget the nachos- yuck). The bars were constantly running out of mixers for drinks (like tomato juice), but the bartenders were very friendly and would take time to talk with you, teach you some Spanish, or learn English from you. We tried all the specialty restaurants with the Japanese one having the best food. The French was very good also, the Mexican was edible but not really good, and the Steakhouse was quite possibly the worst steak I have ever had in my life, as were those of the rest of the family!! You won't go to this resort for the food!I would still give this a 4 star just for the grounds, beach, rooms, and the overall friendliness of the staff. The staff (with very few exceptions) always had a smile and a 'hola' for us, and would go out of their way to do something for you. This is great for just kicking back and relaxing, which was what we wanted.We will more than likely go back to Punta Cana again (it just had the feel of the Caribbean 20-30 years ago), but would probably stay in a different resort as we like to try new things and see new areas.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>AuntyBarby
<Content>A Wonderful Place!!!!       Bathtub at Catalonia  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lesaldridge
<Content>happy christmas on the beach hotel well above expectations food was very good celabrated christmas on christmas eve. oh what a feast very well organized and every food you could wish for. beach front was lovely .pool very nice but got very hot so we stayed on beach as there was a lovely breeze. as a tip request nearest to beach if you are a beach lover. entertainment team worked very hard keeping everybody entertained. all staff very friendly not much to do outside of complex so it you dont like to stay in a complex dont go. hotel rooms all the same and match photo so what you see is what you get. altogether a lovely holiday value for money  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	3	4	4	1	

<Author>EdmontonFamily3
<Content>Beautiful Hotel My family and I stayed at the Catalonia just before Christmas for two weeks. Having been to the Dominican before, I brushed up on my spanish - however, found for the most part that the staff spoke english quite well.The grounds were very nice, there was a tropical storm the first week and the ocean turned up quite a bit, but staff cleaned the beach daily. The pool is beautiful and alot of fun. Activities are in abundance, from snorkelling to ATV's (which we recommend). There is shopping in the resort as well as a short walk to some venders on the beach.The restaurants were very good and even my picky eaters enjoyed the food! I highly recommend trying all the restaurants!I was a little worried after seeing some pictures about cleanliness. However, I did not see this. But I suppose if you're looking to have a bad experience you'll take up close pictures of whatever proves your point. (and might I add... this IS a third world country... everything is different, and not the same standards! its part of the experience - maybe, be humbled and grateful!)If I was going to say anything negative it would be; the resort is away from populated areas - so, you will have to travel to see anything else.And there is an age group gap in the activities - kids club goes up to 12, then the other activities are directed towards adults. So, if your teens are okay keeping themselves busy and won't get bored, your fine.All in all, I would recommend this resort.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NewYorkDragonfly
<Content>It's in the Eye of the Beholder I stayed at the Catalonia Bavaro at the end of December 2007. Prior to going, I had read a number of reviews which were diametrically opposed to each other: some people loved the place, and some people thought it was the worst vacation they had ever taken. Having stayed there, I now understand why. It depends on your point of reference. If you are a discriminating traveler, a couple or a single person (as I was) -- This Is Not, I Repeat, Not, The Place For You. This is the type of place where you tell the front desk that you have a bad mosquito problem on your terrace and they send the cleaning person with a can of Raid, or where the lock on your sliding door to your terrace hasn't worked in years, and the substitute lock is also broken. The front desk persons, impressively, all speak about five languages, but if you need to deal with most of the other staff, review your high school Spanish because much of the staff speaks no English. In other words, if you're expecting service or nicely appointed facilities--don't. If, however, you have a limited budget and a passle of kids that you want entertained and fed cheaply, this is a pretty good selection. The accomodations in the main part of the hotel are essentially Ramada Inn quality. The gym is old, the pool pleasant but not exceptionally well maintained, the lounge chairs are plastic, and the food and drink is very plentiful, but utterly tasteless (other than the baked goods, which were suprisingly well done). The beach is very pretty (although it does get full of palm tree droppings at night), and water sport vehicles are available. (Note: It is not run like Club Med. There are no free water sport lessons, and I had to pay separately to be taken to the good snorkeling and diving areas). Two major pieces of advice for parents: First, there is a terrible mosquito problem. You must take a lot of bug spray and insect bite medication (the hotel only has a small pharmacy). Two, if you go on any excursions, triple the travel time that you are told and prepare for it accordingly. Make sure you take food and jackets for your kids, because they will be spending a lot of time sitting in an open truck/bus, even after dark and will get cold and hungry. One caveat to all of this-if you are a couple with no kids and still want to go, make sure that you book yourself into the nice and secluded part of the hotel (I didn't), called the Royal Hotel. The Royal has a separate beach, a beautiful pool with new, clean rattan lounge chairs, and lovely, well appointed rooms. You still have to eat in the same dining areas as the rest of the hotel (which was like eating in Grand Central Station), but in all other respects it is the antithesis of the rest of the resort. It can only be accessed if you've booked yourself into the Royal section (which I believe is more expensive). In short, the weather was great, the beach was beautiful, but the Catalonia is as tacky as can be with few American guests. Good luck!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aquagal
<Content>Catalonia in the Fall       the beach  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Camundongo
<Content>The Second Time was Good, but... This is the second consecutive Christmas we spent at this resort. We loved it so much last year that we had to go back. There have been some improvements made since last year. The snack bar at the pool add a wood-fired pizza oven and that was great for a snack while at the beach. I think the overall food was improved and I noticed less flies around the buffet. Our room this time was nicer since the shower and the toilet were part of the overall large bathroom and not separate. The pillows were bigger and more comfortable. The staff was nice and friendly and we had a great time. The Christmas show was completely innappropriate and disappointing. They didn't even wish us a Merry Christmas. The live nativity was very nice.Then, something I ate gave me amoebiasis and I had to be hospitalized for two days in the local hospital. You don't want to do that. The doctor at the medical center was great. She treated me and arranged for me to go to the hospital. I only rate our experience as above average because of the treatment my wife got while trying to rearrange our plans. We were to leave the day of my hospitalization and my family had to stay an extra two days at the hotel. In that moment of crisis, the staff didn't seem to care that I was sick and that we needed to quickly make new arrangements. My advice: Be very careful with the food. I let down my guard and ate a salad and the next thing I know I'm in the hospital. If you can get some kind of optional health coverage you may not be stuck with a hospital bill on your credit card.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	2	1	

<Author>1foxyminx
<Content>Got Married Here       Wedding Day (look at the mess of my hair)  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Enjoytravelling14
<Content>Loved this resort We have just returned from a wonderful week at the Catalonia Resort. The weather was around 85 degrees. The food was excellent (4 a la carte restaurant and a crepe a la carte). The food in the main buffet was excellent and a very good variety of food. They had lobster and filet for Xmas Eve among other wonderful food. Another night they had crab plus a selective of other things. The snack area by the pool had excellent pizza, hamburgs, hot dogs and chicken.The rooms were very spacious -king bed, sitting area, etc. Bathroom with a tub for two, separate room with shower and toilet.Staff was very friendly. The landscaping and grounds are very well maintained. The entertainment was a different production every night (Grease, etc. etc.) and was wonderful. Live band also every night.I would not hesitate to recommend this resort to anyone.The only down fall is that the walking beach has been washed away from all the rains, etc. so if you want to do a lot of walking on the beach, then this resort is not for you.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>babyboomer45
<Content>Great holiday My wife and I have travelled all over the world. We staid at the Catalonia from Dec. 1 to Dec. 15 2007. After reading earlier reviews on this site, I was somewhat wary of what we were going to find once there. What a surprise! We had 2 outstanding weeks. We had heard that mosquitoes were aboundant. We saw none. Food was supposed to be very poor. In fact, it was quite good. We had breakfast at the beachside buffet dining room, lunch at the poolside grill and pizza bar (which serves grilled chicken, burgers, dogs as well thin crusty pizza cooked in a wood-burning oven. What a snack! Dinner was always in the main dining room. The buffet was varied and you had many options even if you were not into fish or seafood. Our studio was at ground level and looked out onto the golf course. The king-size bed was excellent. Coffee and perculator were provided so we could have coffee in the room at any time. A bonus was the oversize sooker tub with plenty of hot water at any time of day as well as a convenient shower. The studio was kept immaculately cleen. 1$US per day left on the pillow works wonders. Try it...My wife loved walking the many paths in the parklike central area of the property. We are in our early sixties yet we were surprised to find so many families with young children and an astounding number of young babies. It is a very good sign when you spend 2 weeks in a semi-tropical location like Punta Cana and never hear of anyone becoming sick or indisposed. I think it is to the credit of this hotel that they consider good hygienic practices in order to assure the coninued comfort of their guests. The management goes to great lengths to provide a good beach but it is always at the mercy of prevailing winds which bring weeds after breaking over the outer coral reef.The animation team is always busy trying to keep people busy and happy. Evening entertainment is typical of al the other hotels imilar in size in the D.R. If you are looking for for an enjoyable, uncomplicated, relaxing holiday, this is a good place. I definitely recommend it for families with young children (6 mos. to 10 years old), couples who just want to relax, as well as older travellers. (The hotel isalso well suited to people who might have some difficulty walking about - the only requisit is to reserve a ground-level studio.)Happy travelling.Andr茅  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	4	3	

<Author>SLBaltimore
<Content>Mixed Experience - I'd try somewhere else Hotel Lobby and Landscaping - beautifulBeach - gorgeous white sand, reserve your lounge chairs early, usually a windy breeze, seaweed on the beach was cleaned regularly, but was also floating around the ocean water. Some women topless.Food - Buffets: decent food (but a lot of fried foods). Excellent Christmas eve buffet - lobster, crab claws  shrimp. A la Carte Restaurants: French was very good, Mexican had one meal that was inedible - but we went straight to the buffet afterwards so it was okFront Desk and Dinner reservation service - mostly brusque and unfriendly, one young man, Breney, was a bright spotRestaurant and Bar service - excellent, friendly, helpful, sometimes a little slow, but always seem to be tryingRooms - no hot water for showers in one room for one day, in the other room for two days (and I met another woman who had no hot water in her room), the room was a little dark, mostly clean, and yes, lumpy pillows :). To the great credit of the Housekeeping staff, they did keep checking in and trying to make sure everything was fixed, but after a while, I just got tired of telling them all the things that were wrong - the ceiling was leaking, the tv remote didn't work.Bottom Line - there are a lot of resorts in Punta Cana. I would try another one before going here, unless you get an incredible deal and don't mind crabby front desk people and cold showers.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>Charlie7777
<Content>Great time Awesome time and would probably recommend to any families wishing to travel. But this place is great for kids, couples and singles. Staff and layout of resort are Catalonia's greatest assets. The only small negatives I can think of are the rooms and the rusting raft they have parked in the middle of the coral reef. Other than that it's an awesome place. Worth a visit.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>PI-Lawyer-BC
<Content>The truth: Pleasant surprise       Vendor at shop #1 to the right - friendly, no pressure - great guy  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amadon
<Content>Our Awesome Vacation       Catalonia Beach Resort  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Manc_Chaz
<Content>Beautiful Stayed at the Catalonia from 13th - 20th December. I found many reviews on Trip Advisor extremely helpful before my visit, so I thought I'd add my own experiences. Check-In - Completey painless. We arrived at 4pm and were checked in and at our room less than 15 minutes later. Our bags were brought up to our room 10 minutes later. At checkin you are given a pack containing your room key, beach towel tickets, a la carte restaurant vouchers, complimentary key for the safe, a map and an information pack about the hotel. The resort can be a little daunting at first due to its size but the reception staff gave us clear directions to our room and locating it was not a problem.Rooms - We were in Villa 9 which was ideally located half way between the buffet area and the pool area. This meant it was only a 5 minute walk in each direction. The rooms have brown terracota tiling on the floors which looks nice but can make the room look a little dark. Initial impression were that it was a bit dingy but that did improve when the sun shined through the windows. Overall though, I was impressed with the room. Good size, huge king bed, massive tub in the bathroom and the hammock and rocking chair on the balcony was a fabulous extra touch. We were given a bottle of rum as a welcome and our mini bar was stocked every day with beer, bottled water and coke, diet coke, sprite etc. There were a few Englaish channels on the TV but we never bothered with this. You dont go all the way to the Dominican to watch television! One night the Air Con broke down but they came and fixed it pretty quick which I was impressed with. Just to add, we never had a problem with any bugs and neither of us were bitten during our stay.Grounds - Simply beautiful! I never got tired of walking round the grounds because they were so amazing. Palm trees, flowers, fountains and wildlife everywhere. There was not a day when you didn't see the workers hard at it, maintaining the grounds and their efforts really did show. They obviously take great pride in the appearance of this hotel and it makes your stay so much more enjoyable being in such wonderful surroundings. The hotel buildings are also extremely beautiful, particularly the fountains in the lobby, the open air buffet and the numerous walkways which take you over bridges and across ponds.Pool - The pool at the Catalonia is massive and looks spectacular. It has a fountain and hidden jacuzzi in the centre and the swim up bar is a great way to cool off with a refreshing beer or cocktail. There are plenty of loungers round the pool and we never had a problem finding a spare 1, even in the middle of the afternoon. The pool bar does tend to blast out the same tunes daily which did get a bit repetative towards the end of the week but it didn't annoy us. Beach - Stunning! Powder white sand, hundreds of palms and warm torquoise ocean. There were also plenty of loungers at the beach so again no problems finding one. Yes, there is sea weed on the shore but it is cleaned up daily. There is also sea grass growing on the bed of the sea which does ruin the experience a little, however there are many areas of the sea which are clear of grass and you can swim out quite a way in these areas. The sea grass is however very good when snokelling because you can find loads of tropical fish nestled within in. Food - Very hit  miss. The food here is definately not five star and so if you're looking for gourmet food or if food is an integral part of your trip, you may want to consider booking elsewhere. That said, there is always a massive variety and you certainly will not starve. Breakfasts on the whole were very good. The omelette station is a must, we were there very day! Lunch wasn't too good. The variety at lunchtimes was poor and most of the time we went to the snack bar by the pool. This is pretty decent. They serve up 8 different varieties of pizza, chicken, burgers, hotdogs and nachos with cheese. I would recommend you stick to this during the day rather than visiting the buffets. Evening meals were sometimes very good, sometimes very poor. The main buffet has different themed nights and some are better than others. Don't bother with the beach buffet. The service here is extremely poor and the variety isn't as good as the main buffet. Also, my girlfriend found a caterpillar in her veg at this restaurant. Not pleasant! We tried 3 of the 4 A La Cartes, Mexican, French  Steakhouse. All were very good and offered a better standard of food and service than the buffets. Booking was never a problem although sometimes the queue at the reservations desk could be quite long.Bars  Drink - Many previous reviews stated that the cocktails were often inconsistant. Personally, I never experienced a problem with this and everything came as advertised. The pool bar is great for during the day whilst the lobby bar has a good atmosphere at night. Try a 'Mama Juana' which is nicknamed Dominican Viagra! We went to the disco twice but it was never really all that busy. They play a lot of Merengue and other Dominican music early doors, with English music replacing it after 1am.Entertainment - Went to 2 shows and they were ok but this is not really my thing so it would be unfair to comment any further. I will say though that they obviously put a lot of effort into these shows and try to perform extremely hard on the stage.Staff- No issues at all. All the staff from maids to waiters to bar staff through the reception staff were extremely helpful and fun loving. Many of them clearly enjoy their jobs and always had smiles on their faces. Yes, they can be a little laid back but that's the Dominicans for you! Learn to adapt to 'Dominican Time' and chill out! There's no need to be in a hurry here! Didn't see any favouritism towards Spanish speakers either. I will say this though. Make an effort to speak some Spanish. Even if it's just 'Hola' or 'Gracias'. They really appreciate it. I found many of the North American guests had an arrogant attitude and were very rude towards the staff. They made no effort with them at all and got aggitated when the locals didn't understand. You get what you give I'm afraid. Overall - Loved our stay here and would definately return. The resort is beautiful, the people are friendly and the overall service is very good. It is by no means perfect and there are little things that the hotel could do better such as improving the food. Don't go expecting the Ritz because you won't get it. My advise is chill out, don't get stressed at stupid little things and try to learn a bit of the language and give the workers some respect. You will have a great time here if you follow that advice.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RazorKarthas
<Content>Fantastic Time! - met some great people!       Room 2  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>Jessie1331
<Content>Mixed feelings This was our first time to Punta Cana.The resort:-clean.-staff was incredible (we stayed at Sandals in Jamaica and the staff there dont even come close to the staff here)-White sand and blue water.-Really big pool.-Entertainment staff was wonderful. They really try hard!The only part I didnt like was the food...but you manage so its okay.We did do the Bavaro Runner excrusion and that trip was all about the real Domican and it was well worth it.Any other questions pls dont hesitate to email me.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scuba03
<Content>will be coming back second time to Punta Cana, first at this resort - way better than the last and very family/child orientated. great room with a separate single bed, and a wonderful bath - oversized for me and the two babies (1 and 2 years). Pools were great as was the food compared to our last resort. Will probably not worry about going to the a la carte restaurants next time (yes we will be going back)....  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travel2007Ontario
<Content>Combination of the bad and the good We just came back from a 7 day stay at the Catalonia Bavaro resort . Overall, the trip was great, partially due to the company that we were in.- Nice resort, could use some colours- Service was not consistent, some people were very friendly while others seem to prefer spanish-speaking tourists more- Room was nice but too many bugs... we came back with ALOT of ant bites- Food was overall good.  - The main buffet had a lot of variety but they seem to run out of the good stuff so quickly and wrapping things up too early. If you didn't get there at 8 AM, you probably end up having pastries and orange juice for breakfast.  - A la cartes were decent, the Rodeo restaurant was the best- Pool is comparable to other 4.5 star+ resorts- Cocktails were not that great, too sweet. Capucinno at the lobby bar was fantastic though.- Beach was nice but too much seaweed. Before I left I had read from Trip Advisor reviews that they would clean it up...but not while we were there...- Nightly entertainment was ok, not the greatest- Caution: we purchased a long distance phone service from the desk (prepaid type of service) and they disconnected our lines before we used up our balance. We ended up not having any phone line to even call our family members in the other rooms. They kept saying they would send someone to fix it but it never happened. Did not get our return from the balance either.Overall, it was a nice resort for the price that we paid, however I would not return. I stayed at the Bahia Principe resort earlier this year and was quite impressed with it, hence the return to punta cana. In comparison, Bahia was much better.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>SunLoversOntario
<Content>Who could ask for anything more????       Dancing with the animation team.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>3rdtimer
<Content>Still a Great Place This was our third time at this resort and we enjoyed it as much as the first time. We took our son and his wife and 2 boys aged 8 and 15 with us this time. It was the first vacation as a family for all of us and everyone had a great time. Our daughter-in-law had the time of her life and did not want to come home. Our son had a blast at the pool bar and learned the hard way the the sun and heat dont mix well with the booze all day!!! The two boys had a great time and cant wait to go back (hopefully in Feburary). The youngest boy spent most of his day in the pool and eating at the snack bar we have never seen him eat so much!!! The older boy went on the catamarans and had a blast he also spent of his time in the pool and at the swim-up bar as he found he could get all the coctails he wanted (no booze). The rooms we had were in the middle of the resort so it was handy for going to the pool or to the buffet or for the shows at night which everyone enjoyed.We had no problems with food or water.Everyone found lots to eat at the buffets or the snack bar. We will definately be going back to this resort and have recommended it to several of our friends!!! If you get to this resort say hello to JOSE MIGUEL at the front desk, and JOSE at the pool bar!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>joelie1701
<Content>Pleasantly surprised My wife and I stayed at the Catalonia Bavaro as part of a very large family wedding. I was concerned about this resort as it seemed the reviews were either loved it or hated it no real trend. Well over all the resort exceeded my expectations and we had a nice relaxing trip. Now to the details......Flight - We flew out of Pearson very early in the morning on Air Transat. Our flight was fine. We got to the check in early and were able to sit together, some people paid to reserve their seats in advance which is a nice option when in a group. We were in and out of Punta Cana airport quite promptly. On the flight back they ran out of seats in economy so my wife got upgraded to Club seats for free. We had flown Club before and for about $75 or so per person each way it comes with a lot of nice benefits. You get double the weight of baggage and it's first off the plane too. Also, the meal is upgraded with free alcoholic drinks. Finally, you have your own baggage check desk so you walk by the hundreds of people in line. The airport porters are quite aggressive and will grab your bags but a firm no has them on their way to the next person. Short 20 min. or so bus ride to the resort.Check In- We arrived before check in time (3Pm) so we left our bags changed into bathing suits carried in our carry on's and started our day. The room was ready on time.Room- The rooms are clean but spartan. They have a really large tub and a very small shower. No musty smell and the electrical supply fits North American appliances.Food- Our first impression at the main buffet was that this week was going to be hell. We didn't get appropriate service for lunch and no wine at dinner. As for the main buffet itself I found it had a great variety of hot food. Some of the cold food was unappealing eg. sweating cold cuts. I would recommend for breakfast the chef that prepares omlettes, Fransisco. I got this every morning from him. I found at the buffet that if a menu item was popular they were always out of it. They were always cooking bacon but never cooked any ahead and served it quite undercooked. I should add that after the rough start it was like they turned a fresh page and service was much better. Pool snack bar- we ate lunch here everyday after the first day. They served excellent thin crust pizza, burger, hot dogs and fries. They had rotisserie chicken that was delicious. I wouldn't even bother with the buffet just go here for lunch. A la cartes- These restaurants were what made my stay at the Catalonia better than I had anticipated. When you arrive you are given four cards you turn in to book your reservations for the a la cartes. I would suggest doing this as soon as possible so as to get good times etc. This system seems to make it harder to go as a group. We enjoyed all the restaurants in particular the french one. There is also a crepe stand in the shopping area that opens at 4pm and makes a nice dessert.Bars- the main bar in the lobby was the best and had the most international brand alcohol. I found that over all the bar service was inconsistant. At the pool bar you could order the same drink 5 times and get it 5 different ways. I guess this is the result of the language barrier. My disappoitment was that they couldn't make a good mojito to save their lives.Beach- they have a nice large beach with lots of white sand that looks like a dream as you approach it. However, once you get there the swim area is quite small and full of sea weed as many people had mentioned. They do make a concerted effort to clean it up but it's just the nature of the currents in this area. We stayed out of the ocean for this reason.Pool- large pool quite cool in temperature.Punta Cana duty free- two very small duty free shops at the airport. We found good prices on rum but as for the rest I think I got much better deals in Cancun where there was much more competition. Punta Cana airport is nice and cool unlike say Varadero.So overall we had a great time and the Catalonia out performed my expectations. You would not mistake it for an Iberostar or Riu though.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>SenorWhiteRussin
<Content>Hey Sauri, two white russians, por favor :)       Friends along the yellow cobble stone path  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>MrTandMe
<Content>Impressed with the details and the beauty       beach restaurant - my favorite  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AshLovesToTravel
<Content>Helluva Time       lobby - waiting for our room (took a while, but had a drink and chilled)  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>HolaDec1to8thcrew
<Content>Fantastic I can honestly say i have not got a bad word to say about the entire vacation. From the minute we arrived until the minute we left we had a GREAT TIME. Friendly staff , wonderful accomodations, beautiful gardens. AWESOME pool bar staff - say hello to Sauri for me if you go . Absolutly the best vacation my husband and i have been on. We met wonderful travel companions that we drank with almost everyday. A la cartes were great - staff constantly cleanining all around the resort. I could go on and on about each aspect of the all enclusive trip but i will just say in one word everything was PERFECT!PS - Dont wait to buy booze / cigars or anything at all for that matter at the Airport - the Airport is double the price and staff is not at all friendly - Buy from the friday flea market held at the resort or the little market down the path by the Guards Hut.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sweetandmellow
<Content>Amazing Resort This resort is breath taking. It was my first time to Punta Cana and this place took my breath away from the very beginning. When we arrived we saw the beautiful grounds of the resort with the nice pondsthat surround the reception and main buffet area. We were greeted witha welcome cocktail. Since we were a little early to check in, we were told to enjoy ourselves at the buffet for lunch. There is so much choice and it was fresh and very tasty. The rooms are in villas and there is a hamock on the balcony. The only thing I didn`t enjoy that much at this resort was the A La Carte Restaurant `Rodeo Steakhouse. Ileft this restaurant and made my way to the buffet. The Japonese and Mexican A La Carte Restaurants were my favorites. The pool area has a swim up bar with stools permanently in the water. The beach has a bit of sea weed but they kept it clean constantly. I really enjoyed the bbq beach party. I read all of the reviews before my vacation and I mean this when I say this, Ignore all of the bad reviews and check it out for yourselves. You won`t be disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>HendryBC
<Content>Friendly, clean nice resort       view from lobby  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>nice-dude33
<Content>Nice vacation Very pretty resort.The food was somewhat of a disappointment.But you will not stay hungry there is always something to eat.The alacart restaurants are great Nightly entertainment is so-soThe resort has an amazing Disco::::::::: NOTE:::::::::: The resort is the first on Bavaro beach. It鈥檚 completely isolated.The ocean is very shallow. ------- There are no waves---------and there are some sea weedAnd no motorized water sports. If I knew that there are no waves I would have gone to other resort.Other than that it was a very relaxing vacation.And I did not felt any mosquitoes.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>CruisinGrams
<Content>Not anything like the reviews - very disappointed We were there from October 25 - November 1, 2007 and ended up having rain on 5 of the 7 days and there is nothing to do when this happens. TV only had 2 english speaking channels. All the games were being used. We did go to the beach most days anyway and sat under a Palapa, which there are plenty of, and propped up some extra lounges to break the wind and rain (the air was still really warm). You could still go into the water because they have a fantastic reef that breaks the waves, although it was pretty dirty from the wind and rain.Resort in General: Pretty. Lots of manicured gardens, with water features. Well maintained, immaculate main buildings and grounds.Room: Needs refurbishing. Our first room had so much mold and mildew we had to leave it as soon as we got there because I took an asthma attack. Got another room in a smokefree building, but the toilet did not flush properly and it took 3 days before it was finally fixed. They have the worst mattresses and pillows and the wicker furniture and upholstered cushions need replacing badly. Had a very funny smell that permiated our clothes and luggage and after 2 weeks it still smells (might be something they spray in the room for tropical bugs but we never saw them spraying and we had no live bugs). When we ended up on immodium on the third day (after we had been meticulous about sanitizing our hands, etc.) we checked our water bottles and realized they they were not being replaced but were being refilled. We dumped them out and took them to the dumpster so they had to replace them with fresh water bottles. We did have fresh clean sheets every day though, which was very nice in the tropical heat.Palmetto Bar: Very poor service. After mucho Pina Coladas and a waitress asking if we wanted alcohol, we finally figured out they were NOT putting any liquor into them. Next day we asked for a double just to see if we would get liquor and the waitress was quiet annoyed with us and the drink was pretty foul when it arrived. Switched to beer which is pretty good. Even though the bar was fully staffed you had to wait a very long time before anyone would take your order. Lots of smoking at this resort but there are no smoking sections in the bar and dining rooms.Buffet: Even though we had been warned that the food would not be great, it was even worse than we had expected. The restaurants are all very beautiful with linen table clothes and napkins. The main buffet had two gorgeous hostesses who present a cocktail before you are seated. Presentation of the food was pretty good but the selections and taste left you going hungry. Had to resort to pasta and sauce a couple of nights or hamburgers when there was nothing palitable to eat. Lots of oil on the salads and other food (dripping with it infact). Good bread though. Very poor selection for anyone from North America most dishes were unrecognizable and when we tried them they tasted very bad or were terribly bland. This is not a 2 star resort and they should invest in bringing in some chefs to teach them more Canadian/American style food. All in All we were hungry most days.Buffet at the Beach: Don't go there. The food was covered with house flies. Disgusting. They have big dumpsters right beside the open buffet/kitchen and there are also birds sitting on the buffet serving tables. I think that if the did something about the dumpsters, that the flies might disappear but they need to chase away the birds.Snacks by the Pool: Good rotisserie chicken and fries, pizza was also crawling with flies with minimal toppings, hamburgers okay as a last resort. There were also chips and melted cheese (Nachos) but it was usually gone very early along with the chicken.Creperie: Went once and it was okay.Japanese - did not go as we do not like Sushi. We did notice that most nights the tables were not being used much but did not hear from anyone at the resort whether it was good or not. French - did not go as our reservation was for 9:45 pm and that was too late so we had pasta at the buffet. We went by about 8:00 pm and less than half the tables were being used. After this we went an hour ahead of our reserved times for the other restaurants and got in to both.American - had a fun lovings waiter that understood english. Both steaks that were ordered ended up being flank steak. Tthe steak which was supposed to be tenderloin was folded over to resemble a filet . They were tough as heck but they did have good flavor from being grilled. Do not order Caesar salad as they had no idea how to make it. Mine was about 1.5 cups of dressing, 1/4 cup of the ends of the romaine, and clumps of white cheese. I sent it back without touching it. The baked potato would fit inside of the cap of the water bottles they were so tiny. Soup was tasty and so was dessert (cheesecake).Mexican - we had the best meal at the Mexican restarant but our waiter did not speak a word of english and we had to show him our selections from our menu by pointing at them. We got our soup, appetizer, he cleared our table of everything except the table cloth and then we got dessert. For whatever reason he did not serve us our entree. We were getting ready to leave when we finally got our entree. The head waiter was carrying two plates of food trying to find the table it belonged to, I guess it was left on a warming tray. Still worth the wait though. And we still left at tip to the waiter.TIP: Make your reservation for the specialty restaurants at whatever time they give you then go at the time you want as they will probably be able to take you anyway. It turned out that only two of the speciality retaurants were open each night but when you wait in line for reservations they just tell you they are full and offer only late night seating. This may be because of the off season and most of the staff being off.Beach: Very, very dirty with seaweed most days. They finally had a tractor clean it up on two days of the week that we were there but within a couple of hours they had 3 maintenance workers with a wheelbarrow, and rake cleaning it up again. The beach was spectacular when the sun came. The beach bar was self serve and most of the Palapas were a long way from the bar. The beach is very large (wide and deep) with lots of palm trees and Palapas. The water is shallow and soft sand with ripples on the bottom. It is very safe for children and non swimmers as there are no large waves and it is a very gradual grade to deeper water. Not very warm for the Caribbean but it could be the storm and time of year affecting the temperature of the water. You can snorkel right from the beach out to the reef and many people did.Pool: As it is everywhere else, people throw their beach towel on a lounge under a Palapa by 7:00 am and you may not see them until late afternoon. There are lots of lounges but the Palapas are gone by 7:30 or so, and you need the shade on a sunny day. They have a two sided bar (swim up and self serve). Again no service for liquor, but they do come and pick up the glasses. I got concerned when the glasses appeared to be just rinsed and then use for someone else's drink. One day they had about 150 coconuts that they used to make a special drink in. It sat out from about 8:00 am (we went by 7:00 to get a Palapa) until noon before anyone was allowed to take one. It was the best drink we had, with the rum bottle kind of passed over it so it was not strong but very tasty. We asked for the same drink in a glass but they would not make anymore. Maybe the drink had to sit in the coconut to make it so tasty. You must try one if you go there. The pool is a free form with a separate pool for children which is shallow and not used much as the kids can also use the other pool. There is also a jacuzzi which we did not use. There no one to clean the pool during the day even though there were children in the pool who vomited. We just chose to go to the beach, which was so nice.Activities: Although the brochure advertises you can do all these activities for free one hour a day, that is not the case. You can only do them if there is an activity director organizing games at that time ( at least that was the way it was the week we were there). They were not letting anyone take out the kayaks, or any other watersports equipment until the storm was over, probably for your own safety, which was a good idea. The activity staff had their speaker system blaring all day either at the pool or at the beach with a deep base beat pounding and they kept yelling Catalonia Olympics or Competion and that was about all we could understand. As it was 80% spanish speaking guests, 15% German and French with the remainder being English we did not get much attention from anyone and only a few staff have all four languages and most staff are spanish speaking. I guess we better learn spanish before going to any resort in a spanish speaking country. There were some activities like soccer and exercises on the beach but most activities were moved inside the main building during the rain.Entertainment: Poor to moderate. If you like lip sync and mediocre dancing then it was okay, we didn't expect a better quality show as it is a third world country doing the best they could with the resources they had.We went out of our way to tip the staff at the bar, in the restuarants ,and our chamber maid as we know they are not well paid, but that did not reflect in any improvement in service at all. We did not notice anyone else tipping even in the specialty restaurants. At least I feel good about leaving them with a little bit of extra cash, it is only fair as they do work hard. BTW they do enforce the dress code for the specialty restaurants.Overall I would say other than the beach this resort was a disappointment to our expectations. It is unlikely that we would return to this resort.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>neojake73
<Content>My first experience in the Dominican I've been to all-inclusives before and I've had a mixture of experiences everytime. This is the first time I have been motivated to write about my experiences at a resort. Ten of us stayed here Nov 10 to 17th. It was my first time in the Dominican. In general I was warned before going to the Dominican Republic, not to leave the resort grounds unless going on an organized excursion that costs money. This is because the Dominican is not as safe as other countries when wandering off the grounds. Several people I know have been mugged or know people who have been mugged while off the resort grounds. I didn't think that would be a big deal as we really just wanted to enjoy the resort and the beach and hopefully get some culture while on the property. I was wrong. We were stuck with whatever the entertainment staff had for shows as a sample of the culture. The shows were all rip offs of what american television had to offer. Grease show rip off, West Side Story rip off. I've never been so bored. They hold a beach party on Monday's and Thursdays which was not that much of a party. It was composed of ridiculous games that were not funny to watch or to participate in. The animation staff (entertainers) were quite forceful when it came time to pull people out of the audience for these ludicrous games. One very important point I noticed was that this resort had very many europeans staying there. Many of these europeans had tattoos. My wife and I also have tattoos but we are visible minorities. I really don't think some of the staff at this resort are used to seeing visible minorites at their resort. They seemed too proud to serve us and they were really not friendly. They also kept making references to gangs and guns as though the only way colored people could afford their resort would be by some kind of illegal activity.We made it a point to tip those who were sincere with their service efforts. Another interesting observation was the staff members who had a problem serving us broke their backs sucking up to tourists from Spain. Can you say the masters have returned? Again I can't stress enough that this attitude did not come from all the staff but from enough of them to make me write about it.At all other resorts I've stayed, the staff has made some attempts to learn some level of english which I always appreciate as I make a sincere attempt to learn their language to narrow the langauge barrier. Not at this resort. They didn't even seem to appreciate that we were trying to speak spanish. They almost seemed annoyed like we shouldn't be speaking it. The layout of this resort is amazing with walkways surrounded by water everywhere. The only problem with this is that stagnant water and humid weather is a breeding ground for mosquitoes. They have water fountains to stem this problem and to circulate the water but unfortunately the fountains were never turned on soon enough into the day to stop mosquito eggs from hatching. Everyone was bit numerous times. The buffet was so-so (stay away from the chicken, it may still be bleeding). Too many flies and the floors flooded when it rained, and I mean flooded! The Casino was a rip-off. Some of us played Blackjack and the dealer kept busting us even when we called stay on our hands. It was a total scam. On a positive note, the grounds were gorgeous. The rooms were adequate and the hammocks are a nice touch. The beach is clean and spacious. Never had a problem finding chairs. Pool is designed elegantly. There are many trees on the grounds for shade so walking the expansive grounds was not difficult, even in mid-day heat. Japanese restaurant food was great. The Mexican restaurant food was very good as well.To sum up, my problem with the Dominican is that it's far better off economically than say Cuba and this is apparent at the airport with air conditioning, Wendy's restaurant, Baskin Robins Ice cream. But, I would give up all these creature comforts for some basic courtesy. I guess this country is still fairly new to the tourist game. They may not be aware of the vast number of cultures that love to travel. It will only be a matter of time before they realize that people who like to travel come in every shape, size, and color! For now, go to Cuba. You won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>MBoomer17
<Content>Nice Resort My girlfriend and I stayed at the Catalonia Bavaro from Nov 4 to 11, 2007. We booked through Air Transat; this was a last minute change as we had originally booked for a different resort.First of all, if you are flying with Air Transat you should definitely upgrade to 鈥淐lub Seats鈥? This costs $80 per person each way. It may sound expensive, but it was worth every penny. Better seats, better food, better service. No waiting in line to check in and your bags come off the plane first. I highly recommend Club service.We arrived at Punta Cana airport and sailed through customs and our luggage came off within 5 minutes. We spend more time waiting out in the parking lot at the bus for the other passengers to arrive than we did at customs and collecting our luggage combined.The bus ride to the hotel took less than 20 minutes.Check In at Catalonia was a little disorganized, but it went rather quickly. We received a small bag containing our room key, a map, towel cards, 4 a la cart vouchers and some excursion information and headed off to find our room. We left our bags at reception and were told they would be brought to our room in 鈥? minutes鈥? We saw several people looking very lost while trying to find their rooms; I guess they missed the part about there being a map in their package. We were in room 428, this was right next to the pool and close to the beach, however quite a distance from the main lobby and restaurants. We got to our room and the swipe card did not work. So back to the lobby we went, it took 10 minutes or so to get the card activated so we had a drink in the lobby bar while we waited. Once we got the swipe card issue resolved we trekked back to our room.(Tip: Change out of your long pants either on the plane or in the airport).About an hour and half later our luggage finally made it to our room. (Everything happens on 鈥淒ominican Time鈥? so slow down and relax.)It turns out, everyone we talked to that came in to Catalonia on our flight, had the same issues with their room swipe card not working, some people take that kind of thing better than others. We refused to let it bother us, just a mild inconvenience more than anything, but this set some people off on the wrong side of starting a good vacation. We did have our swipe card quit working again a few days later; this required another trip to the main lobby to have it resolved. Our room was on the 3rd floor, with a king size bed, seating area, safe, minibar, huge balcony with hammock and rocking chairs, bathroom had a huge two person tub as well as a stand up shower. The room was a little dated, but clean and fully functional. We never had any issues with hot water or power outages and we often had to turn the AC off as it got too cool in the room. The hammock and tub were a nice bonus. The maid came every day and cleaned the room, changed the sheets and restocked the minibar. She usually didn鈥檛 come until around 4 or 5pm, I assume this was because we were in one of the units furthest from the main lobby, so our room was one of the last ones done. 4 Stars for our room.The resort grounds were beautiful, well kept, with some exotic birds, a turtle and beautiful flora. One problem I did notice is the main lobby/bar/buffet area is surrounding by a shallow lagoon. Sure, it looks cool and you can throw the fish some bread from the buffet, and there is a big turtle in there and some cool birds around. But clearly they didn鈥檛 think about the after effect of large areas of standing water鈥? Mosquitoes! Not sure why, but some nights were worse than others and one night in particular they were unbearable while we tried to sit in the lobby bar! Bring bug spray!The Beach is where we spent the majority of our time as the breeze was nice off the ocean and much cooler than the pool area. We never had any issues finding loungers, although the towel game was in full effect for the loungers under the pallapas (sp?). Yes there is seagrass on the beach and in the water, sometimes it was more prevalent than others, but the workers were diligent in trying to clean up the shoreline. The seagrass did not bother us at all. I didn鈥檛 feel that it was any concern and it did not impact our enjoyment of the beach. Bring more sunscreen than you think you will need. ($15 bucks a bottle at the resort). Take some bread into the Ocean and you can feed small fish right in the shallow water. Cool!The animation team was very fun and friendly and tried hard to get you involved in their activities. We participated when we felt like it and didn鈥檛 feel overly pressured when we didn鈥檛 want to. Big kudos to them.The shows were very repetitive and we didn鈥檛 pay much attention to them. We got bored with it very quickly. Not a strong point for this resort. (Maybe 3 stars for the shows)The food鈥pecifically the buffets, this in my opinion, is where the Catalonia left a lot to be desired. Yes, I could always find something to eat, and they did have a reasonable selection, but the meat was either under or over cooked, tough and very greasy. Some of the other things did not appear to be fresh. We found ourselves mostly eating the pizza, omelets and breads. The pizza at the pool was the best food on the resort outside of the ala cartes. Most people we spoke with in the resort had the same comments about the food. We attended only 3 of the a la cartes of which I did enjoy the Mexican and Japanese, but did not like the Steakhouse at all. We heard mixed reviews on the French place. Overall food rating would be generous at 3 stars at most.(Tip: book your ala cartes as soon as possible, or the best times for reservations will not be available)The casino is small and pretty much a waste of time and money. I don鈥檛 recommend wasting your time in there. Maybe I just went at the wrong time, but it was mostly empty and not much for atmosphere or fun.We did not partake in any excursions offered at the resort. Actually, we made our own excursion with a couple of friends we met at the resort. The four of us took a taxi on Friday night to club Mangu. (just outside the Occidental Flamenco resort). This was a riot! That place is a bit of a freakshow, and it is a little expensive with taxi, admission charge and drinks, but well worth every penny just for the experience. I highly recommend you load up a cab with your friends and head there for one night, don鈥檛 even bother going before 11pm and you can dance til 6am if you want. The second floor of this club is where the better music and more interesting characters are. The drinks are expensive, but they are easily pouring doubles and triples, so it is worth it and they have a tendency to sneak up on you. Can鈥檛 say enough about how much fun we had at this club.Overall we had a great vacation. The resort was nice, the room was better than expected, although the food was a little disappointing and shows were a bit of a snorefest. If you just want to relax on the beach or by the pool and drink, maybe play some volleyball or other activities, then no worries here at Catalonia. If food and nightly entertainment are a top priority, you should probably go somewhere else. I personally would not return to the Catalonia as there are so many different resort options in PC, but keep in mind; I prefer to try something different when possible. I would only revisit the same resort if it was exceptionally good.Your vacation is what you make it. Go with a good attitude and you are more likely to have a good time no matter what you encounter.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Veronica212
<Content>Wonderfull Honeymoon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We had an awesome time at this resort.The rooms were clean with a large tub and a nice hammock on the balcony.The grounds are very well kept and nice.The pool is just perfect with a great swim up bar, very clean. Late every night we saw maintenance staff cleaning the pool and doing repairs.The drinks were great at all bars especially the lobby bar.Staff is very friendly.I loved the beach, Clean with lots of room.The a la cart restaurants are very good, my favorite being the Mexican my husbands being the French. The buffets are fair with good variety. The snack bar at the beach is good nachos, burgers, hot dogs, rotisserie chicken, pork ECT.All in all great resort, we will be returning  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>janekmwar
<Content>Not The Best We stayed at Catalonia Bavaro From Nov. 4 to Nov. 11. Upon arrival we were very impressed with the overall appearance and check-in was very quick. We were in building 19, quite a walk from the lobby but very close to the ocean and the pool. Upon arriving at our room we found the keydid not work so back to the lobby, then back to the room to find the safe key did not work, so back to the lobby. Our remote did not work either but this time they brought us another one as well as a makeshift plug as we did not have an adapter.. Might I say that in the 11 times to the Dominican we have never before needed an adapter. We finally settled in. The room was moderately cool and very clean. For some reason we were left a bottle of rum and two mugs. No-one else we spoke to had received these.POOL: It has a pool bar but was frequently out of items. Not once in our stay did we ever see anyone clean or add chlorine to the pool. There was definitely a scum and lots of dead leaves, bugs etc. No activity at all around the pool during the day. We did not see any of their animation team at the pool all week.BEACH: We spent very little time at the beach. It is definitely not as nice as at the Bavaro beach. The water here is brown, not blue, and there is seaweed. Also because the resort is all on its own thereis really no place to walk and if you did you trudged through seaweed.BUGS AND BIRDS: Lots of mosquito bites, worst ever. Birds in the buffets - yuck. One lady was so badly bitten she spent a night in the hospital on intravenus. One evening on our way to dinner they actually drove by fumigating the mosquitoes. We were left in a disgusting fog. This would be better done later at night.NIGHTLIFE: Karaoke (same 5 songs every night) before the nightly shows. The performances were dancing - every night it was the same. New song - same dance!! After the show it was either the disco or the casino. Most people sweat it out in the lobby bar drinking. It would have been nice if they had a band or some music there. Perhaps even open the bar down by the water.FOOD: I lived on pasta, so no sickness here. Had a couple of mouthfulls of some really bad food that literally had to be spit out. Noticed that I was not the only one, so it was not just me. The a-la-cartes were not great either. In fact we left our lobster on the plateand went to the buffet. People had warned us how bad it was but we decided to try anyway. What a mistake! (That was another spit out food night)GROUNDS: They are lovely and well cared for.OVERALL: Despite several more trips to re-activate our key and some really bad food we did still have a pleasant vacation. We met some great people and had a few laughs along the way. One good thing is I can honestly say this is my first Dominican vacation where I did not have any stomach upset whatsoever and also the first time that I did not gain so much as an ounce. We will be back to the Dominican again but most definitely to a differant resort. As I said, we have been 11 times and this one is in our bottom three. I find the overall rating for this resort should be dropped to about a 3 1/2.P.S. Martin is the best bartender at the pool bar - we miss him already!!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	1	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>GuessBB
<Content>Great Food! Great Food, Awesome Beach, the restaurants especially the japanese were amazing! Night shows were ok, they certainly try hard, but it seemed like a similar thing every night.You have to watch yourself in the casino, the dealers are trained to throw your game off any chance they get, I have had a few wins not dealt because the dealer was too quick to remove all plays (roulette)It was a really nice time though!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dread2656
<Content>enjoyable holiday       pool  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>goldielox44
<Content>hard to find fault with this place       the jacuzzi,bubbly but the same temp as the pool  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jean2007
<Content>great free snorkling For the price we paid the resort was adequate the food average te staff was excellent. The thing we did not like was that the water front area was all closed at 6:30PM forcing everybody to go to only one bar at the lobby, it just place too many people in the same spot at the same time. If you go there you will need to walk a lot......Hello Denis and Marcie sorry we missed you on our last day, we did not find you around the pool,your company was fun.Jean and Yves Dubois, Laval, Quebec  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>tantuffy
<Content>Had a fantastic time! Just got back from Catalonia with my daughter and we had a great time! We go to Dominica every year around the same time and have stayed at many resorts. This paticular resort had some things better some things worse than the previous resorts.I sometimes get a kick out of the very negative reviews from any resort and have to wonder if these people know they are in a third world country and if you are expecting The Atlantis then you will be very disappointed. However if you are expecting a clean room on a beautiful beach and always able to find something that you like at the restaurants then you will be very happy here.I always feel that a vacation is not how wonderful the food is but how much I enjoyed the trip and the people and in my case the trip was a fantastic experience. I'm not much of a gambler but after dinner every night I'd make my way into the casio (air conidtioned and very cool) and either play my token $50.00 or watch good ole Sharron try her luck. I had equally as much fun watching as playing.If you want to go to the specialty restaurants book them as soon as you can, they go quickly. We just tried our luck at the buffet and I found the dinners were probably the worst of all the resorts Ive been to but still would never starve. The small little lunch restaurant by the pool had very good thin pizzas every day and very moist rotisserie chicken. They also had hamburgers and hotdogs but I tend to stay away from mystery meat, but watched many mnay people eating them and no corpses by the side of the pool so they must have been fine. The disco was fun but beware we think there were a few ladies of the evening Thanks to all the wonderful people we met we truly had a blast! If you have any question, feel free to ask me Ill give you my honest opinion. Cheers.......Terri  Kendall  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bec_wardle
<Content>Amazing Resort       Pool  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sharing1
<Content>Upgrade required! My husband  I stayed at the Catalonia Bavaro Beach Resort, also known as the Catalonia Bavaro Golf and Casino Beach Resort from September 28, 2007 to October 05, 2007. Firstly, our ratings are: The Beach is a ONE. It deserves a ONE because of the seaweed and numerous jelly fish - not a nice experience.The Food is a THREE. It was typical cafeteria style food and not too, too appetizing. There are four other restaurants to choose from. The Japanese and French restaurants are okay depending on what you chose. The Mexican and American are too far from the main hotel, i.e., right on the beach and as a result we didn't try them because of their location. Hearsay is they too weren't too bad.The Room is a THREE. The rooms are small, adequate but small. The cleanliness wasn't bad but the rooms themselves aren't too appealing. The Grounds of the complex are a FIVE. Well groomed with a good variety of trees and shrubs. Very pleasant walking along the pathways getting from point A to B. The complex has very good security with guards evident everywhere 24/7. The complex offers a Mini-mall on its grounds which we found to be the cheapest place to purchase anything from clothing, souvenirs and/or alcohol. In fact we discovered later at the airport the duty free shop was far more expensive than the Mini-mall at the hotel.We upgraded to the Catalonia Bavaro ROYAL Beach Resort which is connected to the Catalonia Bavaro Beach Resort/Catalonia Bavaro Golf and Casino but distinct in its offereings. If I remember correctly, the Catalonia Bavaro Beach Resort/Catalonia Bavaro Gold and Casino resort are Villas 1 to 39 and the Catalonia Bavaro ROYAL Beach Resort is Villas 40 to 50-somthing. Our ratings for the ROYAL, which cost an additional $20.00 per person per night additional cost, are a huge FIVE + except for the beach which is the same beach as the other part of the complex which I've given a ONE. Hope this helps! And, yes, we would go back but to the ROYAL  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>Dollymixture2
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous Myself and my husband (ages 26 and 31) stayed in the Catalonia Bavaro for two weeks from the 7th to the 21st of September 2007. We had the most fantastic time, and could not fault the place.We arrived mid afternoon to be greeted by the animation team doing the Catalonia dance along with a lovely cold cocktail. Check in was so simple and quick. We collected a little package from reception containing our room card, our towel cards, and various information regarding the resort. We did initially have a little difficulty finding our room, but this was soon dealt with on asking a friendly member of staff.On arrival at our room we were impressed. The room was large and extremely clean. We had a queen size bed, a two seater sofa and a chair, mini fridge which was replenished daily with beer, water and various soft drinks. The bathroom was extremely large and the double bath tub was wonderful. The bathroom also had a shower, and very good hairdryer. Our balcony did not have a view as such but was very private, and it had a hammock and a rocking chair. The maid service was very good. We had our room cleaned every day and fresh towels every day.The all inclusive package with this hotel is wonderful. The drinks in all of the bars were huge measures and were also all international brands if you asked for them, which we have never had in previously on an all inclusive package. The Presidente draught beer is very nice, this is served in all bars, and there are many cocktails to choose from.The Caribe - the main buffet restaurant is nice. This restaurant is open for breakfast, lunch and evening meal. I am usually quite picky with food especially on all inclusive holidays but I must say I was more than happy every time I went to the buffet and there was always something I could choose and enjoy the food was fantastic. The wine in here was not really to my taste, it is from a barrel and not a bottle, unlike the other bars and restaurants, but there is plenty of other things to choose from. Yes there are birds in the buffet, however they never caused any trouble to us. The buffet is open air and very plesant so yes the birds will get in.The beach restaurant is very much the same only this is smaller and especially at breakfast I noticed there was not a great deal of choice in comparison to the main buffet but what we did have in there was still nice. This is only open for breakfast and luch. This may only be due to the time of year we went, it may be open on an evening during the summer time.Every Monday night the hotel put on a beach party. This is a must and not to be missed. We went both weeks as we enjoyed it so much. The work that the staff put in to make that night enjoyable is unbelievable. The BBQ is self service and the choice was a dish of paella, various sausages, roast pork, ribs, a choice of chops and steaks cooked fresh to order, fish, jacket potates chips and all of the usual salads and breads and desserts. There were two bars that had been set up on the beach and the drinks were sometimes waiter service and sometimes we had to go to the bar.There is a band playing during the meal and after the tables have been cleared the first week they played party games and got everyone involved and the second week there was a dancing show.We tried all of the a la carte restaurants at the hotel and must say were very impressed with all of them. Mirachi - the Mexican the service in here is very good and the food was very nice. There was such a nice atmosphere in this resturant and the waiters were always so friendly. The three milk cake in here was recommended by another user of this website and I had to try it, yes it was delicious. You can also have Corona beer in here.the Steak House. Again the food and the service in here was very good. The meals were so filling in here we could not manage a dessert.Mikido - the japanese was fantastic, what an experience. We were not keen on trying this one I must admit, but thank god we did. tables are booked in groups of up to 12 people and you all sit together around the hot plate. We were first served with Sushi and then tofu soup which were quite nice. Then you were able to choose from the menu for your mean meal. Once the orders have been taken you get introduced to the chef who will cook all twelve meals in front of you on the hot plate. After the meal you are given Saki - a liquer which they warm and give a toast to the chef. Wow what an experience and the food was delicious.Parisienne - the french restaurant food was wonderful and they serve lobster in here which was delicious. The decor and the restaurant itself were very nice, However I did feel that this restaurant lacked a little atmosphere, it could have been a bit more romantic, but did not disappoint. The staff were very friendly the service was good.There is entertainment in the resort. The animation team work all hours of the day rehersing for each evening performance. We did only actually watch two of the shows as we did not book our tables in the restaurants until late in the evening and missed them. We watched the performance of Grease which was very good and enjoyable and also one of the dancing shows. The actual show only lasts 45 minutes each night. The pool area is very large and there are lots of loungers. However you do need to reserve a lounger about 8am-9am if you want to have some shade by the pool. You can usually get shade on the beach any time of the day but the pool shade gets taken very quickly. Be careful at the pool bar once you are on one of those seats you can't seem to get back off!!! too many large Cuba Libra's!!!The pool and the sorrounding areas are cleaned and maintained many times throughout each day. Beach towels are obtained just by the poolside snack bar and you can get clean ones each day if you want. I must add also that I have never been in a beach or pool side toilet that was so clean and well presented in my life!!The gardens around the hotel are very nice and there are a team of gardening staff that work very hard to keep the gounds to such a high standard. There was not a day went by where they were not replanting, maintaining or cleaning. The lake in the middle of the resort is nice too, there is soo much wildlife here. It was nice to feed the ducks and the fish.I usually get bitten quite baddly by mosquitoes on holiday but came away only having about five or six bites. Niether myself or my husband had any tummy troubles whilst staying in this hotel as it was so clean.We did three trips out of the hotel. We went to Saona Island which was quite a long day but worth it. It is a two hour bus journey then a speed boat ride to the island on the way you stop at a natural swimming pool in the sea which was very nice, then a BBQ on the beach at the island a few hours sunbathing and then a Catamaran back to the bus. The beach on Saona was fabulous but the walk into the water was quite rough underfoot so some beach shoes may be a good idea.We also went on the Outback Safari. We had a good day here too.We also went on the Caribbean Fesitval trip which was mainly a snorkelling trip and was for half a day. My husband did the snorkelling and I stayed on the boat. There was one snorkel on a coral reef and then one with nurse sharks and stingrays - of which the photographs were amazing.We just had the most amazing time here and did not want to come home, we met some lovely people and had a very enjoyable time. Hello to Martin  Tracey, John  Janette, Brian  Ali, Terry  Jen, Graham  Rochelle, hope you are all well. Trust me, if you are out for a good time, and total relaxation you will not regret booking this resort, we would definitely go back here one day.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lindylou31
<Content>Catalonia Bavaro We (my boyfriend, myself, my sister and her boyfriend) ages: 25,26,32,41 all spent a wonderful 10 days at the Catalonia Bavaro Golf  Casino Hotel. (We wasted 4 days previously at Barcelo Bavaro Beach-but the less time spent talking about that place the better!) The Catalonia we couldn鈥檛 find fault with. It has something for everyone. Great rooms with plenty of space. Our room had an extra bed and adjoining rooms- this is great for anyone with families. The beach is beautiful with soft white sand and blue sea. Plenty of beds available.( If you want a bed around the pool with shade expect to be there for about 7/8am, plenty of beds, but you may be sitting out in the sun.The restaurants are lovely with plenty of choice. When booking up for the A La Cartes you are told to book 24 hrs in advance, but a lot of people got away with booking the whole weeks worth in one go, as they say: if you don鈥檛 ask?! Definitely recommend the Cowboy t-bone steak at the american/steakhouse, it barely fits on the plate!! And tastes every bit as gorgeous!! NB A tip: guys must wear a long pair of trousers(whatever they are- linen, combats,jeans etc), and no open-toed shoes or you will be refused entry to the booked restaurants (do like the men did with us and take 5 mins after dinner to go back to change into a cool pair of shorts if you want). The buffets have a big mixture of food so you won鈥檛 be stuck (even if a little weird sometimes-watch out for the yukka it surprisingly looks like boiled potatoe). The snack bar at the pool is great. You can help yourself to all types of pizza, ask for burgers (cooked on demand), with fries, salad, or rotisseri chicken, hot dogs, or snack on nachos. The choice is yours. They also have drink dispensers to help yourself to :coke/diet,fanta,sprite and yes, presidente-on tap!! And the best of all:- there is a whipped icecream dispenser with a big basket of wafer cones , to help yourself to all day !! The pool is massive with many easy walk-in shallow areas, plus large but shallow kids pool. It has a Jacuzzi, waterfall and not forgetting its very own bar! (just don鈥檛 mind if you come home with a tan-just from the waste up!) Fab!! The pool bar has loads of great cocktails to choose from 鈥搚ou can have 鈥榮ex on the beach鈥?without the gritty sand!! The people are wonderful with lovely polite service everywhere and they will always help you wherever you are , especially when they see a woman in distress trying to pour a beer from the self service dispenser (the little pizza chef came out from behind the counter to help me- all I had was a cup of froth, Hey! but never mind, its all-inclusive just have another one!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gb102858
<Content>Totally Relaxing Hola, I said that word so much in one week I felt like I new everyone that worked there. My husband and I loved the Resort the people were so nice and they did everything they could to make us comfortable and happy. I was so surprised since it was our first all inclusive trip. The food was great we liked the Mexican and the French the best. The shows were great every night and the disco was alot of fun kinda brought back memories from th 70's. Soooo much alcohol they really made them strong WOW my husband was in heaven!The presidente beer was even better than back home. Fresh towels, flowers, beer ,soda and water everyday it was awesome!!The front desk clerk Miguel was fantastic!! He took take of us if we needed anything he was right on it. The under water Bar wow it was great hanging Bananas for us to pick and eat oh 3 great bartenders Carolina, Sandy, Julio.We will be BACK!! KimGeorge from Pennsylvania We love you Miguel!!!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>gregnlynn
<Content>great time at the catalonia bavaro       part of pool  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>SweetSophie
<Content>Perfect Romantic Hotel Absolutly perfect vacation. I went there with a girlfriend. We are both in our ealry 20s. the resort is HUGE. The pool is amazing, so big. The beach is to dream for. The food was ok. Always something different everyday. The entertainment team is awesome. They never stop , there is always something to do. We didnt get one drop of rain, not even at night. It was sunny everyday. Almost everyone is from Spain so lots of spanish.CHECK IN: they gave everyone a welcome cocktail and it didnt take long until we got our key. The bellboy brought our suitcase to the room.ROOMS: Big rooms, HUGE tub, coaches, mini bars with pops, beers and water and its filled everyday. We had to leave the air conditioner non stop but it was nice and cool at all times.MAIDS: Annoying!!! Our maid came in our room all the time at 8 in the morning for towels. You just need to put the paper at your door stating you dont wanna be disturb until u get up.POOL: So big and the water was so clean at all times. There is a swim up bar and you can sit around it. There is a jacuzzi in the pool and a big fountain. There is also a kids pool.BEACH: Beautiful!!! There is lots of umbrellas available. People get up early to get them though. the sand is white and warm. the water is warm but there is lots of seaweeds and little sticks. The beach is HUGE.BARS: There is a bar in the lobby which you will use mostly at night when you go to the show. There is a bar in the disco. There is a bar on the beach. Each buffet serves alcohol too.SHOWS: Shows are amazing. A MUST see. Some are damcing shows (GREASE) some are halarious shows!!!RESTAURANTS: WOW I was amazed by all of the restaurants. FRENCH : I had the LOBSTER and it was sooo good. My friend had the chicken and she was not impressed. JAPANESE: We were so scared to try it. They cook everything in front of you. Its a realy live show. The cook is amazing and so talented. I had the shrimp pasta (not recommended) My friends had the chicken and rice (amazing). They sit you with 10 other people at the same table and the cook is cooking on a grill in the middle. Its pretty cool.STEAK HOUSE: WOW and WOW. We both had the cowboy steal. I never liked steak until that day. It was sooooo good. the setting was beautiful. The desserts were so good too. We had the New York cheese cake.DISCO: The disco is beautiful with view on the water and its really big. Big dance floor and lots of place tp sit. All the dancers and entertainer have to go there at night with the guest.KIDS: Lots to do for the kids. there is a kids pool and a kids club. They do a kids show every night where the kids are part of the show. there are high chairs in all buffet and restaurants.SHOPPING: There is no where to go around this resort. the down town is 1 hour away. On every friday, there is a market installed at the resort where you can buy everything you would find down town and you can bargin lots. You can even get your hair braided there.HOTEL: Lots to do! There is a internet centre which doesnt work too well. There is a market on the resort beside the casino. There is a gym and a creperie there too. You have to walk a lot because the lobby is far from the beach and your room will be somewhere in between. You either have to walk lots to go to the lobby every night or to go to the beach every day.CASINO: It sucks. I brought 13$ US and they gave me 13 tokens. I havent won not even one credit while playing the slot machine which would never happen in a real casino. I never went back.CHECK OUT: It went well. We called lots from the room doing collect and using the calling card and they didnt charge foir any connexion fees . I bought a calling card for 20$ US and I had 24 min on it so its so much better to do collect calls.Well I hope my review helped. It took me a while to write it :)take care and have good vacations! You will for sure enjoy this resort. I cant see qhy people were complaining!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	4	5	1	

<Author>sunseeker033
<Content>Enjoyed our stay.       private gym in royal spa area  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BabyFireflyMontreal
<Content>Tina I stayed at the Catalonia for two weeks from July 28th to August 11th. Usually I travel to Cuba, but I thought I would try Punta Cana. Boy was I impressed! I don't understand why some people are complaining??? I find that most are complaining about such minor details!!!I know that I wrote alot, but I wanted to share even the smallest details that made me enjoy my vacation.The Room: I had room 123 which faced the ocean. It was clean and very large. The bed faces the window! All rooms are junior suites, so there is a small living room. The bathroom is split in two with the round tub and sink in one room and the toilet and shower in the other. The mini bar is stocked with soft drinks and beer. If you need a re-fill, just leave a note for the maid. Once we asked for beer and she left us eight. She got used to what we liked, so after the first week, she would automatically leave us what we wanted. There is a hammock, two rocking chairs and a clothes rack on the balcony. The first floors don't have a clothes rack.The Beach:Yes, you have to get up early to reserve the shade. So what? The sunrise is beautiful and worth it! Since we were right in front of the beach, it was steps from our door. There is a bar on the beach. They also clean the seaweed every day. My boyfriend went snorkeling and said that there is a small coral reef that is interesting. Alot of women go topless on the beach for those of you that are interested.The Pool:There is a bar and a swim up bar. There is also a waiter that walks around and takes drink orders. I'm not really a pool person, so I didn't go there too often. I prefer the beach! The pool itself is quite large.The Buffet:Personally, we enjoyed it. Like I said, I usually go to Cuba, so compared to Cuba, it was great! No, it's not the Ritz, but it was still good. The service there is good especially since you are not assigned one waiter, they all take care of you. They also have a hostess that will seat you. The A La Cartes:Japanese: Go for the experience. You won't be disappointed. I tried the steak.American: The steaks and desserts are amazing! I had the T-bone. The first time I had the apple pie and the second I had the brownie. The brownie was so good!French: I had the filet mignon, it was ok.Mexican: I can't really give an opinion, because I always have trouble digesting mexican food, but my boyfriend like it. TIP: order a tequila and see what happens!!!!Other Restaurants:Pool snack bar: There is a machine where you can make soft ice cream cones...mmmmmmBeach Buffet: There is a smaller buffet by the beach that also serves breakfast and lunch.FYIThere are ducks and geese that roam the grounds near the pond.The paths from the villas to the main area are all shaded.There is a Creparie in the shopping centre area.They give you an actual metal key to the safe.A photographer walks around so you can take a picture with a monkey, iguana, parrots...etc....the pictures cost 8$. You pick them up by the lobby.The craft fair was every Friday. Make sure you bargain with the vendors.Men MUST wear long pants and closed shoes at the a la cartes.The staff is friendly, try saying hello every morning and you'll be surprised!Next time, we want to try the Royal side, it looks interesting.....Would I go back??? Yes of course!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>partylaura
<Content>birds share the buffet! Had a truly terrible holiday and myself and my boyfriend spent half the holiday running to the loo! The food was bland/stale and there were birds nibbling from the buffet plates. The drinks were severely watered down and limited in choice. There was little entertainment and not very exciting. On the plus side, we upgraded yo the next door hotel (at our exxpense) and it was completely different, wonderful in fact but our holiday was already ruined because we didn't find out we could upgrade until near the end. don't go here!!!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	1	2	2	2	2	

<Author>LoveHols_2007_01
<Content>Worst hotel i have stayed in When we booked this holiday we should have been wary that it was cheaper than other hotels in the same resort, but just thought it was a good deal. how wrong we were.Room - for a start, the place is huge, yet no one directed us to our room and we, along with the many others who had just arrived, spent 30 minutes looking for our rooms. when we did find it, we tried to stay positive, even though it was basic and dingy. Soon though, we were getting annoyed. There was no hot water in the rooms - a problem we know many other people had, the door had a huge gap between it and the floor, the air conditioning vent had big cracks in it, the floor tiles were cracked, the TV didnt work (not vitally important), there was no light in the shower. Restuarants - the main buffet restaurant here was awful. we were told that alot of restauruants in the dominican were not air conditioned, however we were not happy with the fact that the restaurant was not seperated from the eating area - which was boiling, and our appetites were soon gone when we saw flys all over the food we were supposed to eat. Getting on to the food - we are not fussy at all, in fact when we read other peoples reviews saying how poor the restaurant was, we just thought they were expecting too much. But this food really was terrible. Being pregnanct at the time i was worried anyway about what i was eating, but even my husband couldnt eat anything but pasta and sauce. we cant comment overly on the 'speciality' restaurants, as we actually ended up paying an extra 拢500 to move hotels (which i will come on to!) after 3 nights here at the Catalonia. but we did try the steakhouse and the ants crawling over the table soon put our appetites to rest.Staff - I know that in all hotels some staff can be unfriendly, but my god, these staff were awful. just giving dirty looks like they were doing us a favour! even our 2 First Choice Reps were miserable, especially when we told them we wanted to move.Pool - there is a fountain in the middle of the pool and by mid morning each morning, there was a brown murky, bubbly film of filth and dead bugs in it. On one morning (the morning we were leaving) there was another man complaining about the hotel - he told us his girlfriend wouldnt even come out of the room, one of the reasons being when they were at the swim up bar someone was sick into the pool and when they reported it the pool attendant shrugged and said 'what do you want me to do about it.' no wonder so many people get bad stomachs if this is their attitude.Beach - unfortunately the part of the beach that this hotel is on has loads of seaweed which put me off, but not the fault of the hotel.The overall probelms with this hotel were based around the lack of customer service, the lack of air conditioning, both in the room and most importantly in the bar and entertainement area as well as the restaurant.The final straw came when i woke up in the middle of the night to find 2 huge cockroahes flying around the room which had got in through the air conditioning or under the crack in the door. when my husband managed to squash them, we were invaded by millions of ants which got in through the broken balcony door.We demanded to be moved but due to the lack of help from the reps, ended up phoning home to have parents sorting it out their end. Moving was worth every penny - we went to the Iberostar Bavaro - which i can tell you is FANTASTIC, would recommend it to anyone. The activities programme was fantastic, always 3 or 4 activities going on a the same time all day from 10am to midnight. The staff were so friendly and welcoming, phoning the room to check all was ok and often sending up bottles of rum and fruit platters.The Catalonia 'entertainment' was non existant in the day and the evening was embarrassing! At the airport on the way back home, we met up with a couple from the Catalonia who had put up with it for the 2 weeks, the woman had huge boil type blisters and the friends they had made at the cataloinia were all bitten head to toe. I can tell you why this is as my husband was bitten loads whilst we were there - there are a lot of streams with fish and birds in them, but the water was filthy and stank. the mozzies were everywhere. Once we moved he wasnt bitten once - difference being the streams were always being cleaned and didnt attract the mozzies!the couple also told us that things had been stolen from balconies and complaints made non stop. apparently First Choice have said that if they keep getting these complaints during this summer, they are going to drop the hotel from their brochure. You are spending a lot of money to go to the Dominican, dont ruin your holiday before you even go by booking the Catalonia, even if you have booked it - change it! I wish we did it would have saved a lot of upset and stress. I didnt speak to one person who liked the Catalonia.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rodfan
<Content>Liked it! Went to this resort for a weekend for a girls weekend, or should I say women, we're 40ish. Staff was great, everyone friendly and helpful. The rooms were nice, clean, spacious. The pool was very pretty and the temp perfect, not too warm or too cool. The beach is gorgeous, although we did have trouble finding chairs in the shade. Loved the lobby and casino. (actually won some money). The food at the buffet was average, always found something to eat. We also ate at the french restaurant, it was very pretty atmosphere however the food was not good. We also ate at the American/steak restaurant. That food was excellent and the service really good. We all had facials and enjoyed them, although the spa is not really a spa and it was noisey. Went to the disco one night, it was nice in there, not too crowded and nice and cool. The shows are not very good, but the people in the shows work their butts off and it was interesting to watch one night. I would return here, I would like to try the royal side with my hubby next trip.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>jojopopet
<Content>Good times at Catalonia July 16- 30 My friend and I just returned from a two weeks vacation at Catalonia Bavaro Resort.We left Toronto airport on July 16 on a very late flight. Our initial departure was for 9am but due to the CAN JET 's techical difficulties we had to wait for a replacement plane which left at 15 30 . so starting on a bad foot ,we finnaly got to Punta Cana around 2000 that night ,already losing a day worth of fun. The check in at the hotel went very smoothly and we got our room quickly. My first impresson of this resort was that it looked absolutely gorgeous, the grounds looked amazing and the vegetation was very lush.ROOMS: there are three level villas on this resort and our room was at the ground level. it was a fairly good size and very clean. the only thing to look for is the bugs , who sometimes crawl inside from the patio. Make sure you keep the patio doors close at all times and spray yourself against musquitos .The girl who cleaned up our room did a good job and when we left her a tip, she put flowers in our room and bathroom.BEACH:IT'S SIMPLY GORGEOUS !!!I felt like in paradise laying on that beach every day. The sand is white , there are lots of palm trees ,the water is very warm and is clean. the scuba people have a special machine that cleans the water and gets the sea weeds of the bottom . they work so hard every day to keep the beach clean of sea weed.The only bad thing about the beach was the difficulty in finding a hut . the people get up at 5 am -6am to  reserve their huts and they leave the towels and belongings there even though it is not allowed to do so.FOOD; plenty, plenty of it.We mostly ate at the two buffet restaurants: one is by the beach ,and the main one is at the front , main grounds. We enjoyed the food, it was delicious and of great variety.DRINKS :the drinks are great but it depends on who is making them. some baretenders are better than others so you have to find which one you like in particular. We spend a lot tof our drinking time at the main bar EL PALMERAL and the bartenders there were awesome. our glasses were never empty and we were treated like two princeses.Look for one bartender in specially he is the best at entertaining and serves the best drinks. Ulyssees is his name and he will dance and sing for you while you are there and make the athmosphere very lively. Please tip the boys sometimes because they all try to do something special for you.ENTERTAINMENT: the daily shows were relly good the dancers are simply amazing and it's well worth it to see the shows at night. The animation team is so and so some are very good dancers and will not dance with the turists. Some of them will dance with you and try to teach you how to dance the salsa and merengue and bachatta. I have a one little piece of advice for you single ladies who travel with other single female friends/; be aware of the dominican men, the ones that will come to you and offer you many things and make constant advances. I found though my own experience that if I was too friendly and smiley with some of the animation guys they automatically though that I want to have something intimate going on...and so please you have to know how to say no nicely and to keep them at guard..and once you do that don't be surprised if they will start ignoring you. I had received some propositions from some of them that were not appropriate at all and if I said something they stoped asking me and my friend to dance.DANCING: if you like to dance the spanish way, take the dancing lessons on the beach with Fernando from the animation team ,he is the best dancer and teacher. you can practice your dance at the disco every night , they play all kids of music and the entertainers are there to dance with you until 1 am.The disco is so and so ,some nights were good ,the music was reasonable some nights it was not so good and it closes at 2 amOUTSIDE NIGHT CLUBS; if you are into dancing all night and want to have a real good and fun time go to the night club MANGU, which is located outside of the resort , on the Ocidental Grand Flamingo resort.This club is open around the clock and you can stay there untill the early hours of the moring if you like. You can order a taxi at the front desk , and a taxi van will come and pick you up. just tell them you want to go to MANGU bar and they will take you there. the drive is about 15 min and the taxi costs 40 US round trip.The disco cover charge is 8 $ US per peson , 12 $ on week ends.,you get a one free drink there and the rest you have to buy yourself. I know you might think why this is so , but believe me you will find the athmosphere there simply astonishing: everybody who goes there wants to dance their heart out and they all want to have a good time.On the other hand you will meet a lot of other people from the other resorts who come to dance.TRIPS: for cheaper trips don't book though the front desk agent. there are excursions that are the same and there is a guy sitting by the pool area/ were you pick up your beach towels, who offers better and cheaper pricesOVERALL:I had a good time at Catalonia, I enjoyed the resort and the beach at all that it had to offer. I still think that I got my money worth and that it was a good time. I would recommend this resort to older people and couples / with kids and to the ones that look for more of a relaxation time than very fun activity.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>cdickey14
<Content>Great Vacation I visited the Catalonia Bavaro with a large group (25 people total, 11 18 year old girls and 14 Moms) in June of 2007 and we all had a great time. The food was plentiful and pretty good, the entertainment was fun, the pool and beach were clean and well kept. We had no trouble with crowds, the resort was large enough that we never felt crowded. The staff was very accommodating, even though many of them spoke mostly Spanish. We never really wanted for anything the whole time we were there. Some of the excursions are a bit of a rip-off, the resort has plenty to do, I'd recommend just staying put. We went on a snorkeling trip (booked on the beach) and it was fine and a lot less expensive than the trip booked through the resort. Our young adults loved the disco and went there every night. The on-site restaurants are pretty good considering your are in the Dominican Republic, not the USA. I would warn visitors about using a calling card..the resort charges a per minute charge to use their phones even if you are using a card, so be aware of that. Wireless internet is available in the atrium of the resort which is quite handy for keeping in touch with folks at home. All in all we had an absolutely terrific time and I'd go back in a minute!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>leoCanada
<Content>Good Resort We got a deal through Red Tag and flew on Air Transat 578. The seating was sardine can style and they hadn't cleaned the washroom even though we left an hour late because the septic truck broke down. The trip to the hotel went smoothly and check in took about 20 minutes for about 15 people. They seemed well organized.We got room 423, second building from the ocean, overlooking the pool. It's a room I'd pick. The room was large enough for a couch, chair and small table. It was clean, the airconditioning was on during the day and the fridge was well stocked. The bed was large and comfortable. The shower and toilet were on one side of the hallway, and a very large tub, sink and closet on the other. The shower curtain was too small and the floor got pretty wet after every shower. The room was cleaned well everyday.The beach and pool are great. The water at the beach is shallow except at one end. It's good for kids but not so great for adults. Service at the pool bar is quick and friendly. You have to reserve chairs under umbrellas by 7:30 or they're all gone.The main buffet is huge with a great variety of foods. There are four alacarte restaurants. We thought the Parisian had the best food, but started at the Japanese restaurant. You eat at a table with 8 other people there and get to know a few other couples to chat with at the resort.The main bar has slower service but they pour huge shots. They serve mainly Normandy liquor which is not the best. You can get some other name brands like Baileys or J B if you ask for it.The animation team tries to keep things going during the day. The music is not too loud or obtrusive. The shows are ... well, there are four languages spoken at the resort so everything has to be repeated four times. The dancers were pretty good.We took a cab to Higuey with four other couples and walked around the market there. It's a great look at a third world market and the prices are cheaper too. The food market is not for the faint of heart.Check out and the trip to the airport went smoothly. The trip home was on time. For some reason the male flight attendant was a bit rude. I don't know, maybe they were just tired.I'd go to this hotel again. It's a good bet.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>erins_1005
<Content>Awesome resort... Alright rooms Four of us went to the Catalonia and we booked our trip through our travel agent with Nolitours. The first thing I have to say about going to the Dominican in the summer...DON'T DO IT! Unless you're a person who loves hot and humid weather, I really don't recommend it. The weather was awesome by the pool and on the beach but around the rest of the resort the humidity was hard to take. Especially at the main buffet which isn't air conditioned. As for the rest of the weather, no rainy days, just sunny skies. It rained a couple nights but you're in enclosed areas with roofs so it was nice to have some rain falling around you.The first thing I'll talk about is the food. There are two buffets, one big one and one smaller one by the beach. They were both good, obviously there were some good foods and some bad, but that's like any other buffet. The A la carte restaurants for the most part were really good too. The one that stood out the most for me, was the Japanese. It was AWESOME!!! I would even go as far as saying it was one of my favorite meals EVER. The french, mexican and american steakhouse restaurants were nice as well. For desert almost every night, (since the deserts from the Buffet weren't very good) we went to the Crepe restaurant and had chocolate crepes with ice cream (delicious)!The resort itself from pretty awesome, the grouds were beautiful and well kept. The pool was nice and relaxing to sit by during the day. The beach is nice with clear blue water, there was some seaweed/hair but it was still really nice and the water was nice and warm, but not too warm.The service there was great. I couldn't believe how nice the staff was! We made sure to tip the maids everyday and we left them a list of things we needed with the tip. They were great. The bartenders and buffet staff were also really nice. The shows at night were entertaining but not off the wall awesome and we didn't go to the disco very much because we're not really into that sort of thing.The room was the only downfall of the trip. It was alright, but it was musty smelling because of the humidity and the windows would sweat for the same reason. The shower was also really small so most of the time we would just shower in the huge tub. All in all though, you don't spend that much time in the room anyway so we didn't care too much. The beds were comfortable to sleep in at night and by nightime you're so tired you would sleep anywhere.We went on two excursions when we were there. I HIGHLY recommend the ATV excursion. You go ATVing along the ocean, see where the ocean meets the caribean sea, go horseback riding, go swiming on an AMAZING beach, and do a little shopping at a little market on the way back. SO MUCH FUN! We also went on a snorkelling execursion with the Marinarium where you swim with sharks and sting rays. This was also fun but there wasn't THAT much to see so it was sorta boring after awhile.Well I guess that's it. I really enjoyed the trip and I think it's a good place for if you're just looking to have a good relaxing time. If you want to live in absolute luxury for the week though, this isn't the right place for you.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>LizLakeWorth_FL
<Content>Third Honeymoon My husband and I just spent eight wonderful days at the Catalonia Resort. From arrival at the airport where the process went very smoothly and efficiently, Prieto Tours picked us up for the 20 minute drive to the Catalonia. Upon arrival we were greeted with friendly smiles. We arrived at the resort at about 2:30 PM, check-in is at 3:00 PM and no earlier, but were immediately given our wristbands so we could enjoy lunch while they finalized the preparation of our junior suite.Overall the suite was very clean and everything was in working condition. Maid service was excellent and a few dollars the first day does make a difference. The food was great and had a huge selection each day at the buffets, the service was also very good. Reservations at the ala carte restaurants must be made as soon as possible and are well worth the visit. We enjoyed each unique experience.The Animation Team were a treat. What a bunch of wonderful young people who work long hours and always have a smile on their face and something fun and nice to say to everyone.The pool and surrounding areas were very nice and the bartenders at the swim up bar were hilarious and kept everyone entertained.The only down side was the beach (ocean). The sand was beautiful but there was seagrass growing in the sand under the water. They do work hard to keep it at bay, but bring your water shoes if you're like me and don't like the feel of the grass under feet.We highly recommend the Catalonia.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>leighann04
<Content>Great vacation !       Pool!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>LMichek
<Content>Very relaxing vacation, we recommend. Review of Catalonia Bavaro Resort - Punta CanaWe stayed at the Catalonia Bavaro Resort the first week in July. Check-in was a little slow with not enough people waiting on guests. However, when it was finally our turn, things proceeded more quickly. During the check-in process we needed to submit a copy of our itinerary and our Passports. Photocopies were made of all our travel documents as was credit card information. We were given a small plastic see-though bag which contained hotel information, 2 pool towel cards, two hotel room cards, and a key to our safe. All these items would need to be returned in the same bag at check out. We were then on our way to our building and were told our room was on the second floor, which in reality was on the third floor.During checkout one could upgrade to the Royal side for approximately 25 USD per day. The Royal side has their own beach, however we never did see anyone over there.Our room was nicely air conditioned when we entered. The room is spacious with a king bed, two night stands, desk, bar areas with stocked refrigerator, nicely padded comfortable couch and chairs with a coffee table, several lamps, coffee maker and ample lighting. Everything was clean, neat and in order. The bathroom contained a toilet and shower. Another large area contained a very large circular bathtub, sink with lots of counter space, closet with hanger space and shelves. This was also where the safe was contained. Our balcony was also a good size and contained a rack for drying clothes, rocking chair and hammock. Our view was of other buildings and a side walkway.The beach area was large and spacious for all guests. There could have been more chairs and cabanas for shade. I also wondered that in high tourists seasons it would appear that there would not be enough chairs for everyone. There also could have been a walkway of some sort through the sand since it was difficult at times to walk through some much sand to find chairs. However, the beach area was great. The ocean beach was sandy for the most part, although there was grassy areas. There were snorkeling opportunities to see fish and rays right on the beach, but I wouldn鈥檛 rate this as great. There are many different nationalities staying at the Catalonia Bavaro Resort so there were some topless sunbathers which didn鈥檛 seem to bother anyone. The beach area was kept very clean of seaweed and trash.The pool was quite large, however, again there seemed to be a lack of chairs. The pool was nice, however, it appeared somewhat dirty and by the end of the day, the pool had cups and other debris floating around. It was very warm water and had a jacuzzi area.The beach activities desk offered snorkel trips for 25 USD. A small boat took us to a popular snorkel area which was directly in front of the Natura Park Resort. Our guide was excellent. He snorkeled with us, and provided with us with pieces of bread to attract fish.There were plenty of bars, even one way down the sandy beach area which was very convenient. All the bar tenders, drinks and service was good.The food at buffet was average. During the breakfast hours, there were always long lines for eggs, bacon, and crepes. I think there could have been more cooks or a streamed process for providing these foods to the customers on a quicker basis. No one likes to stand around for 30 minutes in lines collecting all their food for a meal. The coffee was good and filled quickly. The buffet was very large with many choices to please everyone. The buffet for breakfast by the beach was good too, just smaller.For lunch there were several choices. The two buffets, or the pool snack shop. This was the only Bad experience we had while at the resort. The cook at the pool snack area, was rude, lacked general English language vocabulary such as hamburger, fries ect. Definite words he should know for his job. He also lacked person skills to nod, such as to note that he understood the item you wanted off the grill. On one occasion while no one else was there, my husband and myself ordered 2 hamburgers. He threw 3 on the grill and started to cook them. Just when they were about done, and we had been standing there 10 minutes with empty buns on our plates, a Spanish speaking young gal came over and talked with him. Suddenly he鈥檚 filling her plate with our hamburgers. Well, you can guess that caused a rise a me. He seem didn鈥檛 care, and the waitress came out from the back and tried to quickly resolve the situation.. The buffet dinners were average, and all four of the specialty restaurants had their own flair and positives/ negatives. My experience was that the French restaurant was the worst. My lobster was rotten, and I mean that literally. The three other restaurants were good in their own way. And the service was very good in all specialty restaurants. Because we had a six night stay, we only ate at the buffet twice and the specialty restaurants 4 nights. I would recommend to make reservations at the restaurants as soon as you arrive. Also long pants, and sport shirt are required for men at dinner, and nice clothing for women. Most women wear a dress to dinner. The Creperie which is located by the shops was also good for an after dinner snack.The large property also had various little shops which were nice, and a casino. We rarely saw anyone in the casino. We tried our luck with 10 USD, however it appears we had no luck that evening. The property grounds are beautiful. There are ducks, geese and other birds as well as fish and turtles. The pathways are mostly shaded, and there are always workers taking care of the grounds. The maid service and refrigerator stocking was inconsistent. Someday we鈥檇 get refills on coffee ect, and then some days we got nothing. Some days we got three towels and a wash cloth, and some days we got 2 towels and no washcloth. The free trip to the mall by bus was a waste of time. The stores in this mall were overpriced junk. We came back as soon as we could and then bought items from the hotel stores.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>lilsmiles012
<Content>Relaxing by the pool       one side of the beach, kayak rental in the back  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>TremendousFan
<Content>Loved the hotels facilities and restaurants       The love is the air  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>caiprhina
<Content>Beautiful Resort!, but he beach...not so much My cousins and I (all girls) stayed at this resort from June 24th to July 1st. This was the closest resort to the airport, it only took us 20 mins by bus to get there. The lobby was immaculate. Beautiful well polished floors and plenty of sofas to lounge around in.Buffet: There are 2 buffets. The Gran Buffet is HUGE!!! Lots of food selection. The smaller one didn't have as big of a selection.A La Carte: We booked for all four, but only went to 2. You pretty much get the same food as the buffet except it takes longer for them to bring it to you. Pool: I've always been against going into the pool when there is a beach in reach, but this pool was GIGANTIC! Beautifully decorated with Palm trees. I preferred the pool to the beach at this resort.Beach: We went during low season so didn;t have trouble finding a hut. The beach was okay except for SEAWEED. Not so much long strands, but short (~4inches) strands of seaweed everywhere. They work very hard to clean up the beach, one guy pushing a wheel barrel, one guy raking and another picking up the piles of seaweed. Also scuba divers removing the seaweed from the ocean floor.Rooms: We did not spend very much time in the rooms. A/C worked fine. We had a room in Villa 6 which was close to the pool and beach but far from the Gran buffet and front reception. Every room has a large bathroom with a big bathtub for 2 which we only used one night.The fridge is restocked everyday with big bottles of water, beer and pop.There is also a hammock on the balcony.Misc Info:-there is a professinal photographer who comes around everyday with something different (parrots, monkey, iguana...) You only have to pay for the pictures you like ($8US each)-if you are calling home to Canada, the phone in the internet room is cheaper to use than buying a phone card ($20 for 24 mins or ~57 cents a minute)-Excursions: we recommend the Bavaro runners. Very good experience. Read more at Bavarorunners.com-Mamajuana= Dominican VIAGARA- BUY THIS AT THE RESORT! It is much more expensive at the airport.-Disco every night from 11pm to 2am. Check out the line dancing too!-Friday the market comes to the resort. Be prepared to bargain! There prices can be marked up by 4 times or more! So if something is $10, offer between $2.50 to $5-If you want to drink from a coconut, there is a little stand down the beach. If you're facing the water, turn left and walk until you see the stand. Most likely someone will pull you over to look at the EXPENSIVE souveniers. Ask them where you can get coconuts and they'll offer to grab it for you . Make sure you settle on a price first! They tried to bully us into paying $5 for EACH coconut. I told them I'd give them $5 for all 4 or I'd just leave. So $5 it was. They'll cut it open for you, just grab a straw from the snack bar or any bar.- We were going to upgrade to the Royal Side, but after seeing our rooms, we decided it wasn't necessary. The regular side also has a swimup bar and everything else you need. If you do want to upgrade, its an extra $25 a night or $20 for 7 days.Things to bring:-sunscreen-mosquito repellant and after bite-thermal mugs-water shoes (the bottom of the ocean can feel really gross)-lots of dollar bills for tipping-camera and charger!, don't bother with the water camera for the beach-its too cloudy.-salt and pepper packets (the ones they have there look really gross)-pepto bismol, tylenol, any other medication you think you might need-big safety pins for your room key, and a key chain for your safe key -sunglasses and hat  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>dosb2003
<Content>What a let down-very disappointed! We stayed at the Catalonia June 29th thru July 3rd, and was ready to leave the first day there. Upon checking in the staff was not at all grateful to have guests. It took them 40 minutes to check us into our rooms. The gentleman would stop and speak to his friends, and would also assist other patrons instead of completing our check-in. Once we did get checked in, no one assisted us with directions to our villa, and this is a big resort. We finally found a maintenance man and he was nice to take us to our room and show us around a bit. Once in the room the ac worked okay, could have been colder, but I think it was giving the best it had. We only had one light to work out of 4 in the bedroom, and the mini bar (an old refrigerator) was not very cold at all. In the bathroom we had a large tub, but it would not hold water, and we did not have wash cloths at all, only towels. We notified the hotel about these problems, but no one ever responded or came to the room to fix them during our stay. I tipped the maid and requested washcloths, and she finally brought 2 in that looked like they were used to wash a car with. We never got anymore washcloths during the entire stay. The food also was a big disappointment. I am not used to seeing boiled fish and cabbage for breakfast! Everyday the buffet for each meal had a wide variety of foods, but nothing actually was that great. There foods are catered to European taste. There are 4 restaurants on the resort, and the best one is the French restaurant. You have to make reservations upon check-in, and they have to be made 24 hours in advance. You only have certain hours each day to make these reservations,so make them all at one time. We had reservations for the French restaurant at 8:00, and at 7:40 they called and cancelled us because they told us the Chef did not show up. They did not try to work us into another restaurant, and we were simply told to go eat at the buffet. I managed to get them to re-schedule the French restaurant for the next night, and it was superb. If you can speak Spanish that is a plus because there is definitely a language barrier there if you speak English. The shows at night are all Spanish, and they are of Spanish cartoon characters, and their music. Children perfom mostly at these shows. Nothing is catered towards Americans there. There are only 2 selections of beer, Brahma  Presidente, and they are not served very cold at all. The liquors used are strictly domestic, and apparently they are distilled from sugar cane because they have a very sweet taste. Their mixed drinks are just not good at all. The pool is very nice, but it is very hard to get a chaise lounge. You have to get up very early to get one. The pool water had a lot of hair floating in it, and there was debris from palm trees in it also. The beach was very pretty, however it was covered in debris and seaweed. The surf was very rough, never calm and smooth. The temperature in the DR is very very hot, so be prepared to sweat. The humidity level will take your breath away. You will have to walk a lot to go to various locations on the resort because they have them spread out all over the resort. Make sure to try your luck in the casino. The casino is nice but limited to few slots. There are blackjack tables and a Texas Hold 'em table, and that is all they have. Very small casino. The strip mall on the resort has several stores, and they are nice, but they open and close at all different hours by their choice, and not by the signs of operation posted on the doors. Most of the store operators depend on buses from Higuay to get to work so they are at the mercy of the bus drivers as to when they can open their shops. I know this is a very negative review, but it is the truth. Please feel free to contact me if additional information is needed. I have been told by others on our flight home that there are other resorts on Punta Cana more catered towards Americans. I would search on until I found them.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DanielleSheffield
<Content>Ignore the bad reviews; it was fantastic!!!!!!       The rooms  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Flopflop626
<Content>Well worth the money The overall holiday was excellent, nice beach, nice hotel and nice food. The hotel is kept clean and tidy and your room is cleaned everyday. The hotel room itself is comfortable with a big big bath and a huge bed. You have access to television and there is some english speakingchannels and you also get a mini bar in the room which is stocked every day with soft drinks, water and Brahma beer. All balconies and terraces have a hammock which is nice to sit and have a drink on in the evening. The hotel itself is very spacious even though there is a lot of people there. The lagoon is very nice to walk through and look at the wildlife and feed the ducks. There is two buffet resteraunts both have a wide selection of different food everyday and the main buffet has a different theme every night such as Italian or Carribbean. As well as the two buffetsthere is 4 al a carte resteraunts they are nice to go too for a change however they do not offer a vegetarian option on their menus. Overall the Mexican was our favourite of the four al a carte resteraunts. The Japaneese and the Parisienne were also very impressive however the Rodeo Steak house was a bit of a let down. The main bars have a wide selection of local and international drinks, but they only have one lager (beer as they call it) and it's not very nice. I lived on coctails while I was there, Banana Mama's all the way. There is also a bar on the beach which is open till 5.The people who work there are very nice and friendly, even though they seem to work long hours, also a few tips here and there doesn't go a miss. The animation team are brilliant and keep the whole atmosphere going and try to get everyone involved but if you dont want to do anything you can do that.  The beach is gorgeous and is nice to relax on and sip a few cocktails. Overall a good holiday to relax.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>laura1572
<Content>Best resort Ever!       Sharing the walkways  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>La_rubiaSD
<Content>A very pleasant stay       Catalonia Bavaro - the beach  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>prettymissy
<Content>Best Vacation (Recommend to EVERYONE) I stayed at the Catalonia Bavaro Resort and was instantly pleased. People leaving were exited and yelling to us You are going to have the best time here! Everyone was very nice and welcoming. I can't think of anything to complain about! Some tips are: To book your dinner reservations right after you check-in. I think it to your right after you check-in do that because seats and times get filled. Do the ATV excursion it will be the best time of your life. We went to a downtown beach, a villaige (with huts and cultural settings), to a place to purchase and haggle items and finally swimming in an underground cave. It was truly amazing.We did the party boat, it was fun and a good experience. They people made it a good time. It was something you can do once but not something that is a MUST!The room was great and I wish we were going here on our honeymoon, but we are trying the Grand Oasis in Cancun. But I can imagine we will be back here again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>swtscent
<Content>Reconsider your trip.       Resort  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>3	4	1	2	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>KatJean
<Content>Loved the excursions My girlfriend and I visited the Catalonia Bavaro Beach resort from April 23rd to 29th. We were looking for a vacation with a lot of activity and friendly people. We weren鈥檛 looking to sit by the pool and toast. Given that, we found everything we hoped for at Catalonia and would recommend it to anyone. We arrived around mid-day. Check-in isn鈥檛 until 3pm, but the staff will give you your bracelets so waiting guests can relax at the nearby buffet or bar. We chose to explore the grounds a bit more as it wasn鈥檛 too hot. The grounds: well kept 鈥?plenty of wastebaskets and no trash on the ground. The gardens and grass are all neatly trimmed and regularly maintained. There are flowers blooming constantly. The water gardens, with their tropical birds, goldfish, and turtles are especially nice. Food: there鈥檚 something for everyone. Only the very picky would be unhappy. Eat at the crepe house early 鈥?you鈥檒l want to return often. The chicken and fries at the pool restaurant is a must have. Best a-la-carte: Japanese. Worst a-la-carte: Parisian (still not bad though). Rooms: dark but clean and well maintained. We must have used that cool bathtub everyday. Half the week the T.V didn鈥檛 work, but we didn鈥檛 spend much time in the room anyways. People: The staff is very friendly and work hard to make your stay enjoyable. Tip the housekeepers well and you鈥檒l have more water, beer and sodas than you鈥檒l need. The tourists are very friendly, especially from the UK (Hi Steve and Jess!). The merchants that come in on Fridays get annoying in their persistence to sell you stuff, but hey, everyone鈥檚 got to earn a living. Beach: Yes, there is sea grass off the shoreline. Occasionally, some will wash up ashore. This is nature, and we honestly didn鈥檛 feel like it detracted from our stay. We went snorkelling every day and saw many different types of tropical fish and animals (look for the rocky parts). If you steal a banana from the buffet, you can feed the fish and in no time you鈥檒l have a school of hungry critters swimming about you. Great photo op. Excursions: The glass bottom boat ride was lame (organized by the pro-shop at the beach). The windows are small and dirty, and the pilot goes too fast to see anything underwater clearly. The snorkelling was good but they make you wear these inflatable vests that end up pressing very firmly into your throat as you swim (like a choke-hold). The ATV excursion: my favourite (reserved with the agency representative). The ATVs are automatic, new and well maintained. The follow the beach and there鈥檚 a lot of hills and bumps to be exciting. We topped out at 70+km/hr. The dune buggies! very fun (also through the agency representative). Caution: don鈥檛 wear anything you would like to wear again. You will get extremely dirty/muddy. The buggies are manual, with the driver on the left. There鈥檚 a quick stop at an underground cavern and a bit of horseback riding too. Motor boating: very fun as well (agency rep). The guides assign you to a boat (two-seater tubs with a 30hp Yamaha) and you follow the leader along the coast. With the waves and all the spray, it gets pretty exciting. There鈥檚 a stop where you can go snorkelling (bring bananas) before boating back. Swimming with the sharks and rays: very cool. You have the chance to snorkel in the open ocean before entering a pen where there are nurse sharks and rays. The sharks are bottom feeders who eat molluscs and the rays have their barbs removed. The animals are fed and are very tame. As a matter of respect, though, you鈥檙e advised not to touch then. Inside the pen are also a number of fish (big and small) and starfish.I recommend booking all excursions through the agency representative. Ours was very helpful and honest and probably made our vacation a whole lot better (thanks Stephanie!). Shuttle: There鈥檚 a free shuttle to the nearby town of Higuey. It takes you to a cigar 鈥渇actory鈥?jewellery shop. The store is small, but if you鈥檙e looking for something local you may find it. The cigars are good, but a little pricey (the best from the hotel store 鈥?the worst from the Friday night vendors). Advice while at the hotel: When going on excursions, bring extra money. There鈥檚 usually an opportunity to buy souvenirs, personalized DVDs/CDs, and other stuff. Also, bring colouring pencils, books, and some candy for the local kids. They have very little and a small gesture will make them very happy. Bring a safety-pin for the safe key. If you lose it, it鈥檒l cost you 30$US. Bring swim trunks with zippered pockets for the room key - it鈥檚 ok if it gets wet. If you don鈥檛 want to be disturbed in your room, use the 鈥淒o Not Disturb Sign鈥? Bring waterproof disposable cameras (and batteries for your other stuff) 鈥?they鈥檙e expensive and hard to find. If you go with a good attitude, smile at everyone, and be a nice tourist then you鈥檒l have a great time.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ChgoJudyMc
<Content>Warning to Travelers We stayed at this resort from Feb. 22, 2007 until March 1, 2007. I agree with a lot of what others have said about the resort.The meals were ho-hum; we loved the beach but hated the fact that we had to rise before dawn to secure 8 lounges togetherunder a palapa; the weather was wonderful; the ocean was clear; the room was great as was the maid service.My one huge complaint is that when my brother back in the states contracted viral encephalitis and my sister-in-law tried to reach me, the resort did not get the message to me. My daughter called the 2nd day  was promised by someone at the front desk that they would get the message to me. It never happen! Finally on the 3rd day my daughter happened to call while I was in the room and told me what happened. Thank God that he was out of the woods by the time she called. He was still in guarded condition so I wanted to speak to him  my sister-in-law to assure myself that he was going to be OK. I tried to call from the room but was unable to do so. We went to the front desk to complain and were offered no help regarding the phone other than we could go buy a phone card. The man said he was sorry (his sorry didn't sound very sincere!) but did not respond as one would have hoped in such an emergency situation. The icing on the cake happened on the last day. We were going through all the literature regarding the resort; the blank stationery they leave for your use on the coffee table; etc. In the folder with the stationery was an unmarked envelope with the fax my sister-in-law sent me on the 1st day.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	4	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>19MariaA
<Content>Awesome Resort!! Just got back from this resort and let me tell you it was one of the best resorts ever. Food was great, rooms clean and pretty, staff was fablulous. especially juanna from the casino. If you see her say hi for us. or call her mama juanna!! ;).. Gabrielle was awesome and such a cutie. The staff was very entertaining the shows were fabulous especially the dancers they brought in. the bartenders were hilarious i love you baby...was the line for them. 103.5 was there with tony monaco...it was a party place . the grounds were always well maintained, the beach gorgeous but the ocean had some seaweed pretty close..that was the only downer....but it was ok because the pool was absolutely huge. and looked awesome. the disco was fun and the dancers were sexy mamas..the casino was really fun won some money had a great time. only went to the steakhouse al la carte but it was really good. ......overall this was a really great resort, no matter what people say. you will love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Kathy504
<Content>Wonderful!       The Chef at the Mikado  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	2	3	5	

<Author>holiday777
<Content>Great vacation at the Catalonia Bavaro Hotel: Catalonia BavaroDate of Stay: 18th April 2007 - 3rd May 2007Date of Review: 10th May 2007Review by: Steve + Jess from London, EnglandOur flight was roughly 9 hours, everything went ok with the flight watched a few movies to help pass the time.We arrived at Punta Cana airport and were very pleased with the fact that we got our luggage within about 10 mins, very efficient indeed! The coach to the resort took around 30 mins. We arrived at the resortat just gone 3pm which was lucky as you couldn't check in until 3pm. Check in was fine and we were delighted when we saw our room. The room was very spacious with a large bed, sofa, fridge, balcony, toilet, shower and a beautiful bath that both of you could get into and enjoy a nice long soak before you went out for the evening.The complex is very big and you have to do a fair amount of walking but we both enjoyed that (also with the amount of food and drink you get through a bit of exercise is needed :) It was nice that the resort was large as you had your own space. The swimming pool was nice had a bar near by for the all important drinks. We spent most of our time at the beach as the breeze enabled you to sit comfortablyin the heat without melting. The sea was very warm and you could sit in it all day. Yes there was seagrass but its not the end of the world and it will not ruin your experience.We both thought that the food was generally of a high standard. The buffet had plenty of choice for your breakfast, lunch and dinner and catered for all the different nationalities.(Everyone is entitled to their own opinion but I really don't know how people can say that thechoice at the buffet was poor, they must just be plain greedy!!) We visited all the a la carte restaurants and we thought the following:Japanese- Here you seat with a group of 12 people and in the middle is a large hot plate where the chef cooks your meal in front of you. The food was very good and we had an excellent time chatting, laughing and joking with the other guests. Highly recommended.French- We both had lobster and we thought that it was a little over cooked and in this restaurant you got a chance to buy some of the more expensive wines + champagne to go with your dinner but these arevery over priced. The starter and desert was fine though.American (Rodeo) - If you love steak (like we both do) then you will really enjoy this one. The menu here has the most choices and we bothreally loved our steaks, they were cooked just the way you liked them.Mexican- This was a fun restaurant the waiters here enjoyed a good laugh, encouraging you to wear the sombreros and to enjoy a tequila at the end of your meal. Good choice of food on the menuOnce you have used up your a la carte allowance you can speak to the staff outside the restaurants and if the restaurant is not busy you can get to visit a few more free of charge! (cheeky I know but if you don't ask you won't get)The staff were very friendly and were always willing to help, It will be useful though if you could speak a few basic words in Spanishas some of the staff's English wasn't that good and also its always nice to make the effort to try and speak the local language. You don't have to tip and the staff certainly don't expect you to, but we often left tips as the service was good and also when you did leave a tip it was very much appreciated and when they saw you again they made even more effort to accommodate you.There are plenty of excursions for you to do and are very well priced. We went on the Dune buggies and horse riding and enjoyed both. Some of the other excursions were: quad bikes, glass bottom boat, snorkling, diving, speedboat, seaworld and plenty of others.Overall we both really enjoyed ourselves and whilst on holiday made some new friends that we will be keeping in touch with. We will be planning to come back to the Catalonia Bavaro as its got everything you want from an all inclusive especially for the price you pay. Finally I know it happens at every hotel but please watch out for the very selfish people with no Etiquette that get up at 6am leave their towels etc on a sunbed but then don't return until 10am. Very sad epecially considering there are loads and loads of sunbeds, otherthan that no complaints about the Hotel.I hope you have found this review useful and hope you too enjoy yourselves like we did if you visit the Catalonia Bavaro.AdiosSteve + Jess  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>krypt
<Content>Paradise on Earth We (2 single guys) stayed at the Catalonia from Aug 28th - May 7th. The resort is absolutely stunningly beautiful. It's arranged as two sets of two rows of villas, with the pool and oasis in between the two sets, the beach on the far side and the front desk/main bar/disco/casino at the other end. The oasis is home to many exotic birds and animals, and has a gazebo in the middle if you want to sit and enjoy the scenery.The multi-sectional pool area includes both a wet bar and a jacuzzi section. The animation team is always running games and events by the Pool or on the Beach.. music is always playing, and there is always laughter coming from somewhere. If you're looking to have a good time, this is the place.The nightly entertainment is very good, with a different show each night. The shows where people staying at the hotel go up and compete for prizes (usually by doing various sexy things) are however by the far the most fun, since they aren't staged and you never know what people are going to do. They throw a beach party once a week, and this is an absolutely must-attend event! Not only will you eat some of the tastiest, freshest roast pork but the dancing on the beach is not to be missed.The buffet food is pretty good, breakfast especially and in between meals you can always go to the snack bar for a hot dog, fries, nachos, roast chicken or ice cream. We tried all of the a-la carte restaurants, with the Japanese (the food is cooked interactively, a great show) and American (very good steak) restaurants standing out. I didn't like the French one that much, but it was amongst my friend's favorites. I should note that the fancier wine in the French restaurant has to be paid for separately, but you can always opt for the house wine (which by the way was very, very good).The disco picks up around midnight, and is a pretty good place to move the party to if you're still up after the show. We didn't really go into the casino other then the first night to check it out, but it's pretty small. Maybe 20-30 slot machines, blackjack, poker and that's pretty much it. However the casino bar is open until 3am for night hawks.For shopping, there is an excursion for 40 usd/person to the nearest town, but it is several hours away. However, once a week they invite a selected set of local vendors on to the resort grounds and that is when we did most of our shopping. They invite a good cross-section of vendors, so everyone is not selling the same thing as they are on the beach. Prices will of course start very high, so you can usually talk them down to 1/2 - 1/4 of the starting price.The staff is courteous and friendly, and nobody demands any tips .. it's left purely at your discretion. Events and fun things to do are constantly happening, and there is a large choice of excursions to chose from. The Marinarium trip is absolutely amazing, and consists of snorkeling in the coral reef waters with Sharks and Stingrays! Once in a lifetime experience, that is for sure. We also did the Jurassic Buggies trip.. which consists of Horseback Riding, swimming in the Caves (amazing!) and driving a Go-Cart / Buggy type vehicle down the beach and around some of the rural areas. Lots of fun, but be warned that the buggies are 5-speed Manual and you really have to slam the shifter to get the gears to change.In summary, we had a great time. This place is a little piece of paradise on earth. Would definitely visit again.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Mooglemojo
<Content>Great time, I would recommend it!       The beach  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>3	5	4	3	5	2	4	5	

<Author>kuervo4soft
<Content>Burn Baby Burn Some 15 hours ago I returned from a 5-day long vacation at the Catalonia Bavaro resort in Punta Cana. Let's get directly to the point chronologically:The ride from the airport to Catalonia Bavaro was OK. The Airport, the people there and the overall logistics is what gives you the basic notion of the country you are in. Practical, honest and down to earth people trying to make a living. Despite the phenomenal nature, the people should be considered the country's primary asset and treasure. It did not take long to get to the complex itself. The check-in was fine and fast (3:00pm check-in!) but bear in mind that being respectful and proactiv (not pushy!) does the trick. Being respectful does a lot more than a $1 tip, though the tip is always welcome and well deserved. We had lunch while our room was being prepared. The buffet is not great but very very very good. So are all the food and drinks on the premises. I have relatively high expectations and consequently I have zero tolerance for people whose reviews brand the food and the service in Catalonia Bavaro as poor. I find the beachside buffet much more comfortable for breakfast and lunch.The room was nothing special, but it was well kept during my stay there. I tipped the maid every morning ($1-$2). Well conditioned and plenty of hot water. The nature is stunning and the grounds are meticulously kept. No argument about that. There were people taking care of the scenery all the time. Marvelous place.The beach was spectacular. The only downside about it comes from the tourists themselves. Many people seem to be quite disrespectful about their fellow travelers and occupies the cabanas whole day long without actually using them. They just put a towel underneath and they have a reserved giant cabana that could host a whole family for the whole day while you burn in the sun with an actual sizzling sound. The palms are beautiful bot not likely to give you any protection from the sun. I will really have to capitalize this: USE LOTS OF SUN BLOCK! Ignore this and you will turn this paradise into a place you will resent for the rest of your life. Eat and drink all you want, but do not neglect your skin protection or you will get not just severe sun burns but actual wounds as if you went through live fire. The pool is huge. Loved it, although I did not use it very much. Would you stay by the pool if you had the best Caribbean beach a few steps away? Don't waste your time by the pool, go to the beach. If you do not like sand, natural beaches and beauty you should not have gone to the Caribbean in the first place.The service was great. The best thing about it is that nobody seems to be giving you that Tip me or go to hell look. That makes you feel even more generous and they seem to have discovered that way in advance. Those people deserve whatever there is that you are willing to share with them. However, the most important thing is to be respectful. I only tried two of the a la carte restaurants. Go to the Japanese one as soon as you can. Skip the Mexican one. Use very strong mosquito repellent at the Monday Beach Party.Checkout was fast.Overall: I loved it. Use sun block. Be careful not to catch a cold at the beach in the late afternoons due to the strong winds. Try the catamaran - it is great. The snorkeling trip was fine but not great. Do it only if you necessarily need to tease the folks back home about it. ;). Eat and drink reasonably. You do not need to feel full all the time, it can definitely ruin the whole experience for you. A good place for a good price. Will upload photos soon.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>k-lo123
<Content>When can I go back????? We stayed at the Catalonia Bavaro All Inclusive Resort from April 22nd to April 27th. All I have to say was that it just wasn鈥檛 long enough! We had an absolutely wonderful time and met a lot of fun people. We did not do any excursions 鈥?only enjoyed the wonderful pool and the beach and took advantage of all of the food and drinks we could fill our bellies with. We were concerned about the weather when we checked the reviews and the forecast before we left. It only rained for about 20-30 minutes on Wednesday morning and then again for 20 minutes later in the day. We couldn鈥檛 complain. We both came back with great tans and great memories. We ate at the Beach Party on Monday which was mediocre 鈥?we were slightly disappointed. We expected it to be on the beach but it was on the patio and very chaotic. We just figured it was because they had a lot of rain and weren鈥檛 sure of the weather conditions that night. We ate at Mikado (Japanese restaurant) which was overall the best 鈥?good food, good service, good time with our table at the hibachi. The next night we ate at the French restaurant. I liked mine (grilled lobster), my boyfriend鈥檚 meal was OK. He had lobster thermadore with melted cheese. The following night we ate at the Steakhouse. We both had T-Bone steaks (we were a little worried when we ordered but figured we could still make the buffet if we didn鈥檛 like it.) Let me tell you 鈥?they were cooked perfectly and tasted pretty close to a good ole American steak on the grill. We had no trouble scarfing it down! The waiter messed up our appetizer order but it was no biggie 鈥?we had more than enough to eat. We both got the red raspberry cheesecake and that made up for the mixed up appetizer. Hope this review helped 鈥?I hope you have as wonderful of a time as we did.If you have any questions, you can e-mail me at: kendraj@wcnet.orgResort 鈥?3.5Rooms 鈥?3Check-in- 3.5Check-out- 4Pool 鈥?4Beach 鈥?4Beach Party Buffet - 2Mikado - 4French 鈥?3Steakhouse 鈥?3.5Breakfast Buffet 鈥?4Lunch Buffet 鈥?2.5  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>aneczka
<Content>Looooooooooooooooooooooooooooved it :)       swim up bar  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>missypooh
<Content>Beautiful, Great time...I'll be back for sure!       Nice places to sit in the afternoon!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	-1	5	4	

<Author>lovesun38
<Content>Great place not so good service The place is beautiful. Food is great. But some of the staff in the reception area is not friendly at all. Everything was great until my sister develop a rash on her legs and later pain and high fever. The same day we flew back home; we went directly to the emergency room. Also my brother went to the same area but different resort- two months after us - and he also came back with the same problem. I love Punta Cana, but next time I will have to carry with me some extra medical supplies just in case.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	4	5	2	5	3	

<Author>BandGBurlington
<Content>Wonderful time       beach  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>gcookie
<Content>Great vacation at the Catalonia we stayed at the Catalonia from April 15th -April22nd.. we had a wonderful time.. we were going to upgrade to the Royal but the regular side was such a good time that we stayed where they assigned us. we were in villa 2 room 211.. the room,maid service and view were perfect...the only problem and maybe not a real problem was that this resort is soooo big....we did a lot of walking and then some more walking...The food was good most times and great other times.. no complaints about anything.. The front desk made sure everything was working and what we needed.. If you had any concerns just call and someone was there to help you... the entertainment staff tried very hard to keep everyone involved... the Disco was fun and the hotdogs and popcorn was an added treat... any question please contact us. Forgot one thing when you go tell Abraham and Santos at the beach bar Detroit travel Connection said hell-o... to all our new friends see you next year...  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Connie5745
<Content>Catalonia - Wonderful Vacation We just returned from a wonderful week in Punta Cana and the Catalonia Resort. We were there from April 12 - 20th and had a wonderful time. The resort is beautiful, the grounds are well maintained and the staff were wonderful. Everyone always said hello when you passed them by. We had a junior suite as we had triple occupancy and the room was spacious and clean. They cleaned everyday, no matter what time it was ( our teenage son often slept in so they had to clean late in the day)There were alot of activities to keep you busy and the best thing they did was have a beach party on the Monday night. They do this every Monday. They had barbeque stations everywhere, tables set up with tablecloths and chaircovers. The entertainment that night was spectacular. The hotel band was great and we danced many nights to the Bachada, Merengue, etc. They really work hard to keep everyone entertained, and the bartenders and the animation team are the best. Say hello to Luis and Alehandrina on the beach..boy were they fun, and Abraham at the bar is crazy. Every morning he would give us a Mammajuana - their local drink to start our day. Just tell him love you baby! when you see him and you'll have lots of fun with him.We were hesitant to book here because of some of the reviews, and don't understand where it is coming from. We never tipped the front desk and they always responded to our needs. We tipped our maid $2 every day and the bartenders we tipped $10.00 at the end of our stay. There is nothing to complain about t this resort and there is lots to do. The bartenders make $150.00 u.s. a month and they were always happy.We would go back anytime. My teenage son (who is hard to please loved it and didn't want to leave) The only thing I would complain about was the coffee - it's not Tim Hortons!Something that had nothing to do with the hotel was our tour group Nolitours. Here is something to complain about. Our rep was only available from 12:00 to 12:30 everyday and from 6:00 to 6:30 only. When we arrived they were nowhere in site ( and there were two bus full of people) and when we left they were nowhere in site. At the airport only the Air Transat section was a royal zoo and no direction from Nolitours. I will be complaining to them officially, but this has nothing to do with the resort.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>belfastbrat
<Content>Loved it...we'll be back for sure       enjoying the swim up bar with our new friends  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>robyntwyla
<Content>Fantasticly Beautiful!!!         
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>gram32
<Content>5 star we just got back from this trip. it was first class all the way .we had been to puerto plata four times .this was our first trip to pun ta cana . we will never go to puerto plata again . it was the best trip we ever had. the hotel and staff were first rate .we did not know what we were missing until we got there. if you are looking for a great place to stay than this is it . staff are all friendly here food is great and they are ready to help you at any time. we can not wait to go again. we found a lot lacking on the other saide  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DawnM53
<Content>Beautiful Property Brooklyn, New York - Would not return-not sure if I would recommend this resort to friends.My family and I spent 8 nights at this resort from April 3, 2007 to April 11, 2007. My 3 children range in age from 9 through 18.We also had a 25 year old neighbor join us. First off check-in didnt go so smoothly, although I must say our bellhop tried for over an hour and succeeded in getting us ground floor connecting rooms. Our original assigned rooms had one on the second floor and the other on the third floor. We requested adjoining room when we made the reservation. When we arrived we were told the resort was almost at full capacity and could not accomodate our request. We dont know what our bellhop did but he got us the adjoining rooms after an hour of bargaining. We were in building 17. A FAR walk from the pool and beach, but close to the restaurants and entertainment. If you dont like noise I suggest you stay away from this building. The food was good. The buffet has a different theme everynight, always plenty of seating we never had to wait for a table. There is a wide variety to choose from. You need reservations for the Specialty restaurants. They only allow you to eat at each of these restaurants ONCE during your stay. The Japanese was excellent, the steak house and mexican were OK, we did not eat at the French. The resort itself and grounds were beautiful, always well kept and the workers are always around doing something. The bartender at the pool bar is the greatest-Abraham was his name. My complaint I must say is - I found it to be very anti-American. If you did not speak their language, no one wanted to bother with you. We felt like aliens all week, no interaction with other guests. This has been our 3rd trip to Dominican and we have never experienced anything like this.We enjoyed the Punta Cana Grand much better last year.All in all we had a good trip because we made the best of it and just stayed together.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>chinita7000
<Content>Worth every penny!       Catalonia Beach  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Jo46
<Content>Great vacation       Shopping at the Catalonia  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>mduggan
<Content>Excellent Vacation We stayed at the Catalonia from March 29 to April 5, 2007. We had a wonderful time and I am amazed at some of the bad reviews here. First of all, I can not say enough about the staff there. They were extremely friendly and helpful, regardless of whether or not they got a tip. We didn't tip some of the staff until the last day and we were never treated badly. I found that they went out of their way to make sure you were enjoying yourself and had what you needed.The resort itself was kept very clean. I did not see any garbage around the resort and there were people constantly cleaning. The floors were always shinning and the glasses, plates, etc people left by the pool were always picked up quickly. The food was very good. There was a wide selection in the buffets and there was something different there everyday, along with the usual of steak, hamburgers, hot dogs etc. There are also four restaurants located on the resort. We loved the Mexican, Japanese, and Steakhouse. The only one I would not return to is the French. Each restaurant was a unique experience. The Japanese restaurant is worth it just for the atmosphere. You will never go hungry. There is a snack bar on the beach that is open until 6pm every day. They have really good nachos! There is also hot dogs and popcorn available outside of the disco until 2am each morning. The bars carry a wide variety of drinks and there is something there to suit everyone's tastes. Abraham and Martin at the swim up bar are excellent and do a great job of entertaining the crowd. I really have nothing bad to say about this resort. I have stayed at other 4.5 star resorts in the Dominican and never enjoyed myself like I did at Catalonia.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Aprilflower1963
<Content>March 14 - 28th, 2007 - Wonderful Relaxing Vacation After having stayed at the Catalonia from March 14 - 28, 2007 we feltwe should share our thoughts as we appreciated everyone else who shared his or hers. Our age range is from 43 - 55 yrs and we thoroughly enjoyed this property. The service was wonderful, the grounds were very pretty, accommodations were very comfortable, food was delicious, the drinks were good and the Bailey鈥檚 was a nice added touch 鈥?but you did have to let them know that you wanted the real Bailey鈥檚 and not their homemade concoction! It's amazing how fara 鈥淗ola鈥?and a smile can take you despite the language barrier! The purpose of trip was to relax and just sit on the beach. We never even went into the beautiful pool. We aren鈥檛 into excursions but we did hire Juan next door (standing and looking out into the water 鈥?tothe left) to take us out to Bavaro Beach so friends of ours could see that beach and the differences and also to go snorkeling out on the reef as they had never gone snorkeling before 鈥?he was kind, informative and you could work out a great deal with him. Most people would think two weeks would be too long but we wanted to stay even longer despite the fact that we ate and drank too much and didn鈥檛 do much of anything other than relax. The beach was beautiful despite past reviews; the ocean was fine - seagrass and all - as it made for great snorkeling. We even saw whales jumping in the water on two occasions - absolutely amazing to see and a first for us! Of course there was seaweed as that鈥檚 nature, but the beach crew was out every morning cleaning up the seaweed that washed up during the night. If you wanted an umbrella close to the water you did have to get up between 6:30 鈥?7 a.m. to put your towels out. The weather was perfect (13 out of the15 days) with only two half days of rain 鈥?I guess we were very lucky! We would definitely recommend this hotel if you鈥檙e looking for a 4 star property, if you want a 5 star property and service this is not the resort for you. A holiday is what you make of it and it doesn鈥檛 matter where you go there is always room for improvement even at the most expensive! Any request we had they accommodated - it can鈥檛 get much better than that! Thanks to all of the staff at the Catalonia we had a wonderful vacation!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Drewnice22
<Content>How to survive and maybe enjoy the Catalonia... Just a few tips I picked up my my trip ending April 3rd.1. Tip early and tip often...These people are very pushy for their tips so you will know when one is expected. We tipped the check in guy, got a room by the pool and beach, tip the waiters at the start of your meal and you will be amazed at how fast and friendly they are. Dont tip them and you will be one thirsty fella. Tip the maid a few bucks every day and you will have more water and soda and towels then you know what to do with. 5 dollar tip and you are a super star. Tip the guys that you want something from 5 bucks once or twice. Tip everyone else 2 or 3 dollars, USC.2. Eat and drink at your own risk...There are 4 restaurants there. Mikado and La Parisienne were pretty good for their standards, which are pretty low. Mariachi and the Rodeo Stakehouse need to be burned to the ground. My wife had to to hospitalized for 2 days for parasites after eating at Mariachi. The steak at the Rodea was comparable to road kill. Also book your meals the first day, they fill up fast. I hope I dont have to say this but, DONT DRINK THE WATER! Dont even brush your teeth with the water, use bottled water. I was hesitant to shower in that water, just tried to keep it out of my mouth.3. The pool rules... By 7am most chairs with the ubrellas are long gone. I noticed some people left there stuff from the night before. Would not recommend it. My wife had her pants stolen that she left to try to reserve our chair. Also keep an eye on your stuff by the pool. We had our float taken, asked the guard and he said people just take it and sometimes bring it back. I had to hunt it down and steal it back from 2 little kids. Another traveler had her shoes stolen, and yet another had her float stolen by two other kids, who parents thought it was fine they stole a float from a 4 year old girl. 4. Security, security, security....Being a police officer I was very concerned about security. Check your room to make sure the patio doors locks. Our neighbor and some guy try to sneak into their room from the patio door that did not lock correctly. Make sure you close your blinds when you leave so that people are not sure whether you are in the room or not, and leave a light on, you are not flipping the bill so who cares. They do however have plenty of security walking the grounds, not sure if they would really help you, but it made you feel safer.5. Entertainment...or lack there of...They seemed to have the same guy do the same routine every day. He works really hard because he starts from morning, and wraps around to the disco in the late night hours. I dont think that guy sleeps. We have a 2 year old and even he was bored and feel asleep on the guy. Get ready for Banana / Pina nightmares, If you have gone you know what I mean. If not, I dont want to ruin your fun...muhahaha They dont let kids in the Casino or Disco even with parents, and you must be on something to leave your kids with strangers in a thrid world country, so late night entertainment was a no go.All in all, would I go back, probably not. Nice place, beautiful grounds. I just needed real food. thats all for now!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>SudburyTraveler
<Content>the real truth               More photos  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	3	1	1	

<Author>lovevacationsOttawa
<Content>Wonderful Vacation Dominican Republic: Catalonia Bavaro: Relaxing vacationDate: March 17-24, 2007Reviewer: Member of TripAdvisor, Ottawa, CanadaMy friend and I stayed at the Catalonia Bavaro and had a wonderful time. The weather was sunny for the most part and hot but not that humid. We arrived late at night which made the check-in quite fast. As the resort is large, we had to haul our suitcases quite a distance to our room. There are carts that the staff zoom around in during the day and evening but we weren't offered one upon check-in. Maybe they don't use them at midnight because people are trying to sleep. Who knows? Luckily one of the grounds staff saw us wandering around, took our suitcases and escorted us to our room. The rooms are quite spacious and nice, but don't have a clock radio. That's the one thing we missed. We slept in every morning and missed quality beach time! One word of caution: don't leave any food lying around that has been opened. There are tiny ants that appear out of nowhere and have a feast. We learned that the hard way. The bathroom is large. It has a long mirror, a huge round bathtub and a separate shower. Don't take a shower between 5:30 and 6:30.pm. It seems that everyone takes a shower at that time and the water runs cold. The balcony has a hammock to enjoy.The food is average. I didn't find that there was a large selection to choose from. There are theme nights but the theme food seemed to consist of 4 different dishes, otherwise it's the same stuff almost every night. There are lots of different kinds of buns, bread etc. for the carb lovers. I was amazed to see homemade chocolate and vanilla covered donuts offered at breakfast. We were lucky enough to get reservations at all 4 al la carte restaurants and enjoyed them all. There are some odd combinations of food and some are Dominican style. For instance, in the steak restaurant, the caesar salad was made with iceberg lettuce. If you go there order the Rodeo steak - absolutely delicious and tender. Our favourite was the Parisenne. Great food, lovely ambiance. The Creperie was good too. We only tried it once and had a ham and cheese crepe. I wanted to go back and try a dessert crepe but we ran out of time. The beach is wonderful. Lots of fine sand and palm trees. We were always too late to get a Palapa, but we never had difficulty finding a lounger and a palm tree to find shade under. Tops are optional for women on the beach. The water is warm and not that deep. There is a swimming area cordoned off with buoys and the water was only up to our chest in spots.The resort is quite large which means lots of walking which is a good way to work off a few calories and get some exercise. That might pose a problem however for those with walking difficulties. The buildings are all 3 stories high with stairs and no elevators so the second and third floors are not accessible to those who can't climb stairs. Ask for a first floor room and you'll be fine. We lucked out and got a building right by the beach and on the top floor. We were in Villa 1, room 124. The villas with higher numbers were closer to the stage, bar and food areas where it was quite noisy at night. Our villa was right in front of the beach and near the pool. The pool is amazing. It's huge and is kept quite clean. Lots of people at the swim-up bar having a good time! We chose to spend our time on the beach and had a short walk to the beach bar. If you like the flavour of coconut, try a drink called Blue Hawiian. Very yummy.The resort is kept very clean. Lots of vegetation, beautiful flowers and well kept lawns. There is a covered walkway along the main walking path which is quite welcome in the hot sun. There's a beach party on Monday night which is a blast. The chefs roast 3 pigs during the day and then at the party serve up the pork, spareribs, beef, chicken, salads etc. Tables and chairs are set up on the beach and a waiter comes around to take your drink order. Supper is self-serve. There is entertainment after supper in the form of a dance show which is very good. All in all, a good vacation. We were sorry to have to leave to go back to cloudy cold Ottawa!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>wendytravel
<Content>loved it whats not to like? grass umbrellas unlimited blue hawaiians...sun beautiful sandy beach...lovely rooms + open air atmosphere...beats an ice storm up north... i thought the hotel was lovely  the staff was really accomodating for europeans + north american food tastes (my fiancee is european i know what they like)... + latins alike...resorts have to accommodate for a variety of tastes + i dont expect my usual new york quality (wouldnt be fair to)...the french restaurant was great,+lovely...good lobster. excellent creamy cheesecake...the beef fajitas were like pot roast. though. too bad at the mex rest...+we thought too much salt at the japanese teppanyaki rest we thought, you must indicate before they salt , the creperie was a nice touch ... i liked the steaks at the texas steakhouse/ several of us got sick from something at the beach party our last night there think it might have been the mussels but not sure but they do a grand beach party bbq ... fun...alot goes into it ...its really a couples place or group of couples place i think...lots of activities + the entertainment staff at the poolside was exceptional...i'd go back..  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>kmariano1
<Content>Great Holiday!       Pool side  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Carm67
<Content>What's not to like       wild ride  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	3	3	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>itraveltooBarrie
<Content>Nice Resort ? Stayed there from Feb 22 to March 1st. 10 of us went (6 adults, 4 kids). This was our 5th trip to Dominican Republic and our second to Punta CanaFlew with AirTransat from Toronto. Can they cramp more people on these flights???? We were given a 2 sub for dinner in a brown paper bag , that's it! Very cheap! It's not like the flight was cheap to begin with!Weather was great! Check in was easy as we arrived at 11:30pm. Unfotunately at that time, nothing is open to eat at the resort. We were given a 1/2 sandwich with a muffin and a yogourt 30 minutes later. Not that great but better than nothing.Rooms are nice and pretty roomy - afterall, we only sleep there! Loved the hamock on balcony - nice touch! Beds were comfortable. Was happy to see that the cot we had requested was already set-up in the room. It was actually an additional bed and not a folding bed. Bathroom is large, no problems with hot water. We were in building 21 near the beach and the pool. Buildings 18 to 24 are the closest ones to both the pool and the beach. Our maid was great! Always smiling - slip her a tip and you will get all the water, pop and beer you want in your fridge!Resort is beautiful and very well kept. The beach is also quite nice with lots of palm trees. There is however, weeds floating in the water. Not enough to stop us from swimming and snorkeling in it! Water is very warm and has many fishes to see. Many activities are available both at the beach and the pool. The staff is really friendly and tries to ensure a good stay. Our kids brought their own snorkeling stuff and they had a great time using it right at the resort. They also went on an excursion and said that they saw the same fishes right at the resort. Not really worth the trip - $18.00 each for 8 people.This is not the nicest beach in Punta Cana. There is much nicer on Bavaro Beach which is about 30 minutes from this resort. The Catalonia is very isolated. Only 15 minutes from the airport! Only a small fleamarket on the beach off the resort. Locals will bug you to purchase stuff. If you don't want to shop, don't go that end of the beach (right when facing the ocean). There are some nice shops on site and a drug store. Prices are reasonable given where you are.Nice giant pool! Could use more ladders to get in and out. Only 2 places to walk in and 2 sets of stairs- not very practical for older people. Pool could use a good paint job and the deck around the pool could use some work. Plenty of chairs available around the pool - cabana's are hard to get after 6:30am. The food at the buffets was disappointing. We have been to other resorts where the food was much better with a much better variety. Although it was not all bad to the taste, it was the same thing over and over. The Mexican restaurant is really not worth eating at. Not good at all. The Japanese is a must - excellent food and different atmosphere. The American was not bad either. The French restaurant is nothing to write about either. They cook the lobster way too much - it tastes nothing! The service was excellent though. On mondays, there is a beach party where they roast a pig right on the beach. They decorate the beach and there is a show and dance afterwards. It goes on to 11:00 - fun party to attend!The nightly entertainment is not bad. Same thing that we saw at other resorts just with different employees i.e. Miss Catalonia, Lovers Match, etc.... It was fun. Kids had a great time there too.This resort is very large. Not good for someone with walking problems. We even had sore legs after a few days from walking around on uneven grounds! Food selection was dissapointing. Otherwise, thanks to the beautiful weather, we still had a great time!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dmdevl
<Content>Nice getaway but here's our tips... Even though this was our first time at a resort in the caribbean, ourneeds were simple: sun, beach, food and a shower. We needed a mid winter break and we didn't want to pay 3 months of mortgage to do it. In this, we achieved our goal. The room was nice, the resort beautiful and the pool and beach refreshing. I also wanted my most difficult decision each day to be beach vs. pool or even banana vs mango. In some ways this was accomplished but in some ways not. The resort requires making appointments for the restaurants and the kayaks and catamarans. A lot of time is spent waiting in line for basic things like towels. The buffets open and close during the day so you have to be aware of the time to make sure you don't miss your opportunity to graze. There are plenty of chairs at the beach and pool but if you want to be under a cabana/shelter you need to get out there at dawn and put out a towel. We got out at 8 one morning and all were already in use with towels but no people. So if you think you are leaving your watch and a schedule at home - think again. Many people on this board have recommended the Saona Island tour. Based on that we took it. That is probably my biggest regret. Althought the 2ish hours on the island were nice, most of the day involved riding on a bus and waiting in various lines. We would have been better off staying in the resort. I do not believe it was a good value. I did hear people saying they enjoyed the half day marinarium snorkeling trip, though.The food at the resort was plentiful but not always good. The hot stuff wasn't necessarly kept at a temperature that prevents food borne illness - if you know about that stuff, it might worry you some. In no particular order, here is my list of tips for if you stay at this resort:1. Bring your own beach towels. This allows you to escape the beach towel line, and also allows you and your people to instantly pick out your chair among the sea of blue-towel-draped chairs at the beach. 2. Wait for the fresh cooked stuff at the buffets. There are several staff members making things to drop right on plates, such as eggs and meats. This was right off the griddle or fryer and so was at the right temperature. I ate a lot of fried stuff but it was good. My husband ended up eating starchy stuff since his stomach wasn't adjusting.3. Reserve a catamaran/kayak. They pretty much want you to reserve for the next day but same day stuff can be had sometimes. There are 5 hobie cats for hour increments between 9 and 4. The cats are only equipped with a main sail so you really don't have to be a sailor to try it. Just tell them you have done it before and they will send you out. you can pretty quickly figure out the steering - you go the opposite direction of the rudders and when you want to change direction, pull the sail in tight and turn the rudder. Let it out again when the wind grabs from that side. Voila! A tack! 4. Don't worry about the language. All of the staff that deals with the customers speak english - or enough for basic communication. The only time we had problems communicating were with other guests for small talk. Alot of them speak english, though, if they have to.5. Don't expect a lemon. There are no lemons on this resort and maybe even in the DR altogether. Plenty of limes but no lemons. Ask for a lemon and you get a lime. 6. Invest in your own snorkel equipment and bring it. We got a set at Target right before we left for about $30. I had a blast using it right at the beach. People might be turned off by the sea grass but fish dig it. We saw a nice variety of fish, including my first flounder! He was so cool! A cute little white fish adopted me and swam around my mask the whole time. I called him Fluffy. There were schools of long fish that would swim right by like an endless stream.Even though the water is pretty clear, you just can't see em like you can with a snorkel set. 7.Don't feel compelled to do the excursions, especially if you are only there for a couple of days. It is a lot of effort and travel that cut into my relax time. I was sorry we wasted a day doing the Saona Island, even though the pics I got of my husband doing the Macarena holding a cup of rum in his teeth were priceless.8. Don't forget to ask for rum in the fruity drinks. My favorite was the banana mama but I didn't realize there wasn't rum in it until day 2. Some have it and some don't. You can ask for a topper too.9. Bring plenty of sunscreen and REAPPLY often. My husband got eaten up bad by mosquitos the first night so he was glad to use the bug spray on subsequent nights.10. Don't be afraid to keep asking different staff to respond to your needs. Most of the staff, particularly the staff in the restaurants, we found to be very helpful and friendly. However some were not willing to go the extra step to accommodate a guest. We were lucky that the supervisor over heard us asking the dive instructor about a catamaran reservation and stepped in when the dive instructor told us to come back later for our only chance. The maid service was a bit spotty on the towels but my husband would leave notes and they were responsive to them.11. Bring less clothes than you think you need and more bathing suits. I brought 3 and it was perfect for 5 nights, but I didn't wear 2 of the outfits I brought for evening. 12. Relax, read, eat and drink and have a great time!!!!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	3	3	3	3	

