<Author>LandyLover
<Content>Great Value for Small People The Oak Hotel is a great budget hotel in Tokyo, a city you would generally expect to be very expensive for accommodation.The hotel is about 15 minutes walk from the Japan Railways Ueno station, a bit of a schlep if you are carrying heavy luggage but otherwise very convenient for sightseeing around Tokyo as the JR circle line which goes around the city stops at Ueno. Also some shinkansen bullet trains to the north of Japan (shinkansen to the south e.g. Kyoto, Osaka, Hiroshima go from Tokyo station which is about 10 minutes south of Ueno on the circle line.) Nearby the hotel is the Senso-ji temple (about 15 mins walk), Ueno Park (with the Tokyo National Museum etc) and more. Akihabara (the electronics district) is a couple of stops away. The lively districts of Shinjuku and Shibuya are however the opposite side of the city, about 30-40 mins on the circle line.There is also a Tokyo metro stop a couple of minutes walk away from the hotel if you are using the metro (we didn't as we had JR Rail Passes and these don't cover the metro).The welcome at reception was friendly and efficient, and reception is manned while the hotel front door is open. There is no curfew but between 1am and 6am the front door is locked and you need your room key to get in and out.We stayed on two different occasions in what were called semi-double rooms - basically a room with a narrow (4ft, 120cm) double bed. The rooms were spotlessly clean, supplied complete with towels, slippers and yukata (dressing gown). The en-suite bathroom was again very clean but very small - definitely only room for one person inside! The bath was a small, deep affair that the Japanese like with a shower above. Plenty of hot water all times we needed it. There were little toiletries like shower gel, toothbrush etc if you forgot yours.The heating was a blown air system that was a bit noisy and seemed to be impossible to turn off no matter how we adjusted the knob, so we had it going all night - bring earplugs if you are a light sleeper. The TV required a Y1000 viewing card to access it, which we didn't pay for (no chance of understanding Japanese TV anyway!). The room was scrupulously cleaned and tidied every day.In the reception area were four computers with Internet access (free I think), vending machines and a seating area. The staff were friendly and helpful - for example checking that trains to the airport were running for us on the day we were going back to Narita, it being a national holiday we weren't sure.The only possible complaint I could have about the Oak Hotel is the size of the beds - the semi-double is not really big enough for two gaijin (foreigners) unless you are Japanese-sized - and the bathroom being quite small. However for the price for an ensuite room conveniently situated for many sights in Tokyo I would absolutely recommend this place to others.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>girlcompanion
<Content>Near Ueno About 15 mins. walk to Ueno. A bit pricey + small, a little old. But good location. Clean. Just off the main street. Kept our luggage for free for few days before we stayed with them.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>ksquaredmath
<Content>Small room but comfortable and clean When we first arrived at the Oak Hotel, we were a little startled at how small the room was, but given that it is in Tokyo, I think it was pretty average (compared to the rest of the rooms that we stayed at later in the trip). It was clean, and every night they provided us with fresh linens and shampoo, etc. The people at the front desk were extremely helpful, there are vending machines and laundry downstairs, and the room was ultimately very comfortable.One of the greatest things about this place was that they had three computers with internet access and Skype. This is rare for hostels in Tokyo, so it was awesome to stay connected with family and friends.We enjoyed our time here!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dodger73
<Content>Best bed for the buck Planned to go here only for two days but ended up staying for my whole vacation. Make no mistake, this is a budget hotel, but the cleanest and friendliest budget hotel I've ever been in. The rooms are small, but they're kept meticulously clean and the lobby has 4 computers for internet. Hotel also has a small kitchen (which doubles as laundry room) and a lounge. I paid 6000yen/night for the room which has its own toilet and a small tub/shower.Location of the hotel is also very good, near Inaricho station, and easy walk from Ueno station (major rail/metro hub). The best part is the staff, all of whom speak english and are always willing to help and give advice. There was a real warmth to the atmosphere of the hotel, much of it was due to the staff. Thanks guys (and gals)!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MissNadzy
<Content>Great Value and Right beside a 99 yen shoppe!! Can it be any better?! I thought this place was great!I booked this hostel through Hostelworld.com. At first just arriving in Tokyo I was confused, excited and happy. Finding the hostel at first was hard and a little confusing (due the map and explanation given). After about a hour of walk around we found it. YAY! It was a great place to stay, very close to the metro, friendly staff and very close to a 99 yen shoppe. We practically lived off that shoppe. We were able to buy raisin bread, Gyoza's, dumplings all for under a $1.00 CND. Fantastic!! We don't have such affordable prices here!It's also very close to a hidden arcade gem that gets wild and fantastic at night.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gtv6capri
<Content>Great value, Clean and Friendly Booked 2 twin rooms as I have 1 wife and 2 teenage daughters, but not a lot of cash (possibly due to having a wife and 2 teenage daughters..) to find 1 family room in Tokyo is almost impossible, and 2 double rooms is quite expensive. So based on Tripadviser reviews I chose the Oak hotel. I was pleased with my choice. Hotel is aimed at top end back packers, there was always a nice clientel for the 4 nights we were there. Air conditioned rooms - do not consider Tokyo in July without a/c) fresh linen daily, clean place in good condition, efficeint lift, close to trains and cheap eats. Not in the heart of Tokyo, but there is a very good shopping district next to Ueno rail station - an 8 minute walk.Staff speak good english and are helpful. Rooms are a little on the small size and the double beds are about 3/4 size of Oz ones, so if you are both 6 footers it will be tight. Everything all the other reviewers say is true, I'd stay there again  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>VagrantBoy
<Content>Good value for money I've stayed at the Oak hotel for a total of 3 days. The hotel is situated only 3-5 minutes walk (depends on the weight of your luggage) away from the Inaricho Subway Station ( Ginza line) which is perfect as it takes you to the heart of Tokyo in only 10mins. It's also about 10-12 mins away from the Ueno Jr station.I arrived at the hotel at about 2.20 and the girl at the reception (who spoke really good English) was happy to check if my room was ready (check in time is 3pm) and gave me the key. I had to pay 1000 yen as a 'key deposit' before i was given the key to my room though.The room size was ok and so was the toilet. You had all the usual accessories in the room including the toothbrush, soap, shampoo, slippers and even a robe. The bed was ok as I cant recall being in any kind of discomfort. They had the air conditioning unit with a remote control that was not working. I did not bother calling the reception about it but i am sure they would have fixed it for me if i had. They had 3 pcs with free internet (inc Skype) in the lounge but it was busy most of the time as you'd imagine. Also you can borrow various accessories that aren't included in your room like iron or whatever else you need. I asked for an Ironing board and an iron and was allowed to take it to my room.When I had to cut my stay short the manager (French chap) was very kind and did not take a cancellation fee of me although it was way past the check-out time. Overall, I reckon its good value for money although i did stay in better budget hotels in Japan/Tokyo with only a slightly higher price range. If Ueno/Asakusa is the place where you would want to spend a day or two i would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Deke1974
<Content>A great place to stay Dome arogato gizaimasu - thanks for such a great hotel. We felt right at home. All the staff are very friendly and made us feel welcome.I would have absolutely no hestitation in staying at here again and recommending it to my friends. They made our stay in Tokyo a pleasant one.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LWFL
<Content>Great budget hotel Stayed 4 nights at the Oak Hotel and overall, we had a good experience - it was indeed a great value for money hotel for the budget traveller. Great location (5 mins walk to the tube station, 12 mins walk to Ueno train station) and at just over 7,000 Yen for an ensuite room which was clean, you can't really ask for much more!The reception staff was quite good - one chap was particularly good as he helped phone around to try and get us in a capsule hotel but this was in vain. The hotel also kept our luggage overnight for a small fee of 300 Yen which was great.The only downside is the room we had (221) was a bit whiffy - we think it's to due with smelly feet on the carpet and the carpet hasn't been cleaned lately. The room was also just above the washing machine room and it seemed to be going 24 hours a day as there was a humming noise throughout the night so I can only assume it was the washing machine going.Towels and PJ's were provided and they were changed every day which I thought was a shame as it wasn't really that necessary.Breakfast was not included in the price.1,000 Yen was taken for the room key deposit - refundable when you check out.There was a fair amount of info on the board just by reception which was pretty good as it gave you a bit of tourist info - pretty handy.There were a few internet stations but we never got to use them as they were always in use by other guests.Overall, despite the whiffy room and the noise, it was a good budget hotel and I would recommend this to budget travellers.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>RECYCLEONE
<Content>the Oak Hotel is the best My brother and I stayed in the Oak Hotel for 2 nights.After a slight hiccup in actually finding the Hotel, (we passed the sign twice without actually seeing it !!!!),we arrived at this great Hotel. We had an en-suite room,the bathroom area was clean and compact and the room was small,as all are in Japan unless you want to spend mega bucks!!! But we had tea-maker,radio,cotton bathrobe,slip on footwear,all for such a good price. The staff were lovely,happy and very willing to give you advice and directions.There is free internet access and it was a great way to meet the other travellers.There was also a small kitchen area on the ground floor,which we did not use,but saw other travellers using the facilities.So great for the real backpackers on a tight budget,as there were many little supermarkets near by. If,I was to say there was a slight downside,it would be,the lack of any wardrobe or draw space for our clothes.But,as with most of the occupants,we were staying for a short time , it really did not bother us. The location is really good,subway station a couple of minutes away and local train station about 15minutes away.You can be in downtown Tokyo with ease. We cannot recommend this hotel enough,great value for money,great location....book it!!!!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>anuaimi
<Content>good choice for budget traveller The hotel is the perfect choice for a budget traveller (either work or pleasure) that just wants a simple, clean place to stay. As is typical in Japan, the room was very small but had an attached bathroom. It was clean and given that it was winter, nice and warm. Also important for me was free (fast) internet access in the room. I was there on a last minute holiday but still needed to check email for work periodically. I was able to use Skype and the sound quality was excellant. There are also a few computers in the lobby with free access if you didn't have your own laptop.As mentioned in other reviews, the hotel is very easy to get to from the airport as its a 5 minute walk from the train station. A big plus if its your first time to tokyo. Also, the staff where very friendly and helpful.I booked this hotel at the tourist office at tokyo airport arrivals area. As I bought the airline ticket 3 hours before departure, I didn't have time to organize a hotel before I left. The office only handles budget accomodations. I believe the office is run by the government and there was no charge for the service.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>metal_chic
<Content>Great value This is a great hotel. Well, technically it is a hostel, but it feels more like a hotel. It's not loud or annoying, and the socializing with other guests is not mandatory if you want some peace and quiet, but if you are looking for friends, they are easy to find.My husband and I stayed here for a week, then went away to Kyoto for 5 days and came back again for another 3 days.This place cannot be beat in terms of value!Price - a double room with ensuite bathroom was $65. This is probably half as much as most other hotels. Location - great, very close to the Ueno JR line, the Skyliner (express train from Narita Airport), and a couple metro stations.English speaking staff - this s a huge plus, as you will find that in Japan not too many people speak English well enough to help you with any questions or problemsFacilities - full kitchen with microwave and toaster, stove, cookware and utensils. A clothes washer and dryer are also in the kitchen. There's a great vending machine with awesome drinks, like the Asahi apple juice. There is also a dining area/ common area with books and brochures about Tokyo attractions/restaurants and Japan in general.Internet access - Yes, it is part of the facilities, but it is so great that it deserves its own entry. There are 3 computer stations, you have unlimited use of them and it's absolutely free! They also have Skype on them which you can use to call home.Lockers - for a small daily fee, you can store your heavy, annoying stuff in them while you travel the country.The few downsides are the rock-hard beds and the tiny bathrooms with a low ledge in the shower, on which my 6 foot tall husband hit his head every time he showered. Otherwise, great stay!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>AnHedgehog
<Content>Bad heater We have been there for three nights at the end of december 2007. Being at 10 minutes walk from the Ueno station, the hotel is well-situated. We usually don't need so much space, so we chose a semi-double room. The room itself was ok and clean, as was the bathroom; the bed was really (too) hard, and the heater was catastrophic: no thermostat, on the lower working position, it's a lot too hot (and dry), and without heater, it's simply too cold (altogether, I got a sinusitis).  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	5	3	3	4	

<Author>Hutchcore
<Content>Brilliant Value! We stayed at the Oak Hotel in April of 2007 on our first trip to Japan after a recommendation from my mother-in-law. We were planning on doing a lot of sightseeing and so having a large (by Western standards) luxurious hotel room wasn't a big priority. All we wanted was somewhere clean, relatively comfortable, private and safe to stay - and the Oak Hotel delivered all that and more!The hotel is in a great location just down the street from Ueno station - about five minutes walk. As others have pointed out - this is great if you have a JR pass as it means you can get inclusive travel around the metropolitan area. The markets / shopping area near the train station are great for food and Ueno park + attractions are on the other side of the train lines. We found the hotel very quiet as it is set back from the main street, and the Ueno area is a nice refuge from the frenetic pace of Tokyo central! There's a 24 hour convenience store about halfway between the hotel and Ueno station which is great for cheap beer and strange Japanese snacks.The reception staff are very friendly and speak decent English (which was helpful for us and our extremely limited Japanese). As other reviewers have said - the ground floor is very well equipped for travellers, with fast and free internet, a communal eating / sitting area, kitchenette and washing machine. There are a number of vending machines and the whole place has a greatly friendly feel to it.Our room was quite spacious by Japanese standards, with the obligatory capsule bathroom and high square tub. We didn't have any problems with the bed - it seemed to be a pretty standard hard Western mattress to us (although the pillows take some getting used to, but that's a Japanese thing not limited to this hotel!). It was very clean with staff giving it attention every day - a step up from really budget places. For value, you simply can't beat the Oak Hotel. For around $70AUD for a double private room, we wouldn't hesitate to recommend it, nor stay there on subsequent trips to Tokyo.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>vedaze
<Content>Good for budget, uncomfortable beds. Sorry this is long so get a snack. I'm really posting neutral because this is the only hotel I had ever stayed in Tokyo, so nothing to compare with. I will say the staff is excellent! Very helpful, spoke English well (which I found was a rare find in the city). The room is small by American standards but my friend in Tokyo visited me and commented that my room was large for Japanese standards almost with a wow tone. It was suitable for just me, however it would be nice if they supplied some extra cabinets, shelves to organize stuff. The room could fit it. Window was opaque, made me feel kind of like I was in a prison cell because I couldn't see out of it! Although outside (you could slide top part open) was just a wall within arms reach.CLEANLINESS: Clean. period.BED: The bed was THE WORST EVER! I read bad reviews on how uncomfortable the bed was but hey I'm a young 115 pound gal, I used to sleep on a mattress you could probably roll into a tube, I have a good back, this didn't concern me. Oh my. I was ready to check out the next day. After pounding the pavement for hours then trying to sleep on that? Thin, springy, wavy, uneven. I almost slept on the floor which was like a cement slab. Luckily I found that taking the two blankets and folding to the width of my body (1/2 the bed) to make them about 2 inches thick and just sleeping on that made the bed more firm and ultimately sleepable. I actually turned away housekeeping for 2 days so they wouldn't mess up my new bed and I'd have to remake it. Haha. Finally I needed new sheets and took down the Do Not Disturb. And to my delight, they kept my makeshift blanket bed!!!! Haha. This must have been something they've seen before.Moral of the story - If you have a bad back, or just cherish a good nights sleep, axe this place. OR get the Japanese style room. Seriously, I walked by a japanese style room and thought that floor mat looked like a cloud of joy. LOCATION: The location was good. Everyone keeps talking about how it was far from Ueno station. Uh yeah, that's why they have a the Inaricho station right there!! I never walked to Ueno? First of all, Ueno was a madhouse, Inaricho was quick and convenient. The Ginza line is great and takes you anywhere you need to go. If I ever transferred lines it was only once and very rare. I even got on Inaricho to go TO Ueno station. Seriously, don't walk more than you have too.The distance to Asakusa was nice too (about same as Ueno station). You can even get off one stop up (Tawaramachi) and find shopping, restaurants, etc. Right outside the hotel there wasn't much.PATRONS: The hotel is quiet generally. I think they get a good clientele. But beware because of the low rate you won't be exempt of trash that may enter. Toward the end of the week a big group of guys checked in. That night at 2 - 3 am they were running through the halls pounding on doors. Yelling stuff that was not in English so I had NO idea what was going on. Danger? Fire? Terrorist Attack? I seriously freaked out but managed to fall back to sleep. When I woke up next AM and saw some trashed dude sleeping in the hallway, yuck. I chocked it up to a bunch of drunk fools.INTERNET: Was a bonus. At least I definately needed internet access because there is no communication to the USA otherwise. All TV stations are in Japanese, etc. Typically the computers were all being used in the morning and early evening. But most of the time you could get on. I think one of the drunk guys broke one. So end of the week we were down 3 computers to 2.All in all, I will not stay here again but it is a good option if you just want to save money. next time I'll probably have a companion and can split the cost, that way I will upgrade.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>BK-Pong
<Content>very good value for money. But avoid rooms at the ground level The room is small, but clean and functional. Unfortunately, we stayed in a room located in the ground level, where the reception, vending machines, internet access etc were located. That meant that we had to put up with a lot of noises.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>jlyus
<Content>Good for Japan Rail Pass This is a good choice if you're using a Japan Rail Pass while you're staying in Tokyo, as it is walking distance from Ueno station on the JR loop line around central Tokyo (the JR pass isn't valid for the metro). We stayed twice and both rooms were compact, but clean with en suite bathrooms (you expect small rooms in Japan). There is free internet access and no curfew. Please note that we were lucky to book in time - we kept meeting other people who had wanted to stay in Oak Hotel but it had booked up. If you're visiting Japan it is best to book accommodation in advance, before the better value places become fully booked.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Rambaldi_Macguffin
<Content>Good location, but certainly not the best budget hotel in Tokyo       other side of room  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	2	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>L0renHenmi
<Content>I heart the Oak Hotel!       the inside of the pamphlet for the hotel  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bestbet33
<Content>Good Buget Hotel in Tokyo       View from outside my window  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>3	5	2	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Karumira
<Content>Very Good Value This hotel is pretty good for the price (about $37 a night per person for a twin room).The hotel is located near Ueno station and another metro subway station. The neighborhood is quiet and there are many good noodle restaurants around, some of which are open 24 hours (perfect if you're having a craving for a midnight snack).The room is small but not as small as you would think. The air conditioner is a little noisy but not too bad. The bathroom is very small and not very well ventilated so you need to crack the door if you're planning on taking a hot shower. Comes with TV, towels, shampoo, soap, comb, shaving razor, toothbrush and toothpaste and a yukata. There are a couple of chairs but because there is little space, we used those to put our luggage on top of. There's a mirror and a place to hang your coat (or whatever you need to hang). There's also a shoe horn. Our group booked three twin rooms and in all three, the radio/clock was broken, so if you need to wake up at a certain time, bring your own alarm clock or ask the staff for a wake-up call.The staff speak basic English and are very helpful and friendly. The commons provide free internet access, but there are only three or so computers so they may be all occupied when you want to use them. There are vending machines in the lobby (of course) and coin operated laundry. Detergent is provided free of charge. You can't put very much clothing in the dryer (only about one person's clothes). If you put too much, it may take 3 to 4 payments to get the whole load dry. We booked the rooms through their website. It was very easy and they reply to inquiries through e-mail very quickly.I highly recommend this hotel for anyone staying in Tokyo on a budget.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>DonnaBA
<Content>Very clean, Great price, great location!       Standard Small Japanese bathroom  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KandyKane056
<Content>Friendly staff and good value to stay in Tokyo The staff in the hotel speaks English, they were very friendly with us and help us translate some Japanese pages and give us directions if we needed. The rooms are really clean but small. I had a twin bed with a private bathroom. The prices were good considering Tokyo is expensive. Also the hotel is located close to the Ueno Train station so we didn't have to drag our bags for long.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AR&KB
<Content>Great Value in Tokyo We stayed in a double en-suite room at the Oak Hotel for four nights. The Oak Hotel is located in the Ueno distric of Tokyo.Value: Excellent value for money, particularly given the high cost of accommodation in Tokyo. Accommodation: Lets face it - the rooms are small and lack any real storage space. However, they are just big enough for two and the en-suite is perfectly adequate. In addition, the rooms are clean and there is a daily maid service. The hotel provides free high speed internet access (wi-fi and a bank of communal PCs).and there is a very small kitchen and dining area for guests. There are also laundry facilities and drinks vending machines.Location: The hotel is located about 10 minutes' walk from Ueno railway station, usefully located on the Yamanote loop line. There are numerous restaurants, coffee shops and convenience stores nearby. Ueno park and museums are also a 15-20 minute walk away.Overall I would highly recommend this as a good value base for exploring Tokyo due to excellent transport connections, relatively peaceful surroundings and low cost. However, if you like large rooms, room service etc. then this will not be for you.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>JackWonderful
<Content>Good Basic Accommodation in Tokyo       My bed and messy clothes  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	5	3	4	

<Author>SwissOtaKing
<Content>Preiswertes Hotel in Tokyo (Ueno Gegend) mit super Service und guter Location.   showReview(21454098, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LaFrancese
<Content>una buona base di appoggio per visitare la citt脿       le ciabattine  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>michelb1
<Content>tres bon, pour petit budget !   showReview(18720770, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Funkysista
<Content>Ci e' piaciuto molto l' Oak Hotel!       camera  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	-1	5	

<Author>JulienF
<Content>Prix r茅sonable et bonne localisation       Ma chambre de style japonaise  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	2	4	3	4	

