<Author>IrishKelly57
<Content>Will stay here again We stayed at this Fairfield because the rate was reasonable (less than $100 including all taxes), it included breakfast, and it was close to the hospital my husband was in. The room was clean, the thermostat worked perfectly, and the beds were comfortable. The towels were softer than most of those I've encountered in hotels for twice the price, which was very surprising. The showerhead was great. There were snacks available in their mini convenience store in the lobby, which with two teenage boys, was very convenient! I informed the hotel of my two complaints via their survey, which was sent to me a few days after my stay. The choice of breakfast foods was great, however the baked goods were so stale, they were inedible. The bagels were rock-hard. I also observed an employee re-stocking the breakfast sandwiches and milk by just piling the new product in front of the old - she should have pulled forward the older product and put the new in back. My other complaint was the bathroom door - it was spring-loaded so that it closed automatically, and it opened OUT into the room. We had to prop it open after we showered just to be able to get the steam out and breathe. I've never encountered a configuration like it before. We will be staying there again for the next few weekends, and I hope the breakfast issue is resolved. I'll speak to the desk personnel next time to find out if they actually received my survey.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>GoDeeGo
<Content>Not Good For Sinus Infections or Allergies       pic 1  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	5	

<Author>micmac99
<Content>Good solid value Stayed here Friday and Saturday night. I live in the immediate neighborhood, so this was just a fun getaway. Room was spacious, clean and quiet, on the top floor overlooking the pool. AC was cold and effective which is critical in Arizona in the summertime. Liked the free WiFi. Free breakfast was OK, especially liked the make-your-own waffles. Circle K convenience store across Central Avenue. Airport shuttle also can take you to nearby locations upon request such as the major medical center a few blocks from this property.For my first time staying in any Marriott property I was impressed. I will try to stay at Fairfield anytime I am traveling if I can afford the rates.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>smoothride2007
<Content>Excellent first-time experience with Wingate Inns This was our first stay at a Wingate Inn and it proved to be a pleasantly surprising stay at a well-equiped business hotel. We obtained the best rate by booking directly with the hotel on their website (which was extremely competitive compared to other hotels we had considered).The location of the hotel was good for our needs. Parking our rental car at the hotel was free and we never had a problem finding a parking spot at the rear of the hotel. It was also an easy location as a pick-up point for one of the tours we had booked.During our stay, there were a lot of roadworks nearby (and throughout the city area) due to the construction of a new public transportation system, but these didn't really cause us any difficulties.The room was very large with a decent-sized desk provided in addition to the two queen beds. The room was very clean and positive features included nice amenities, in-room safe and free phone calls.The hotel provided excellent and free internet access in the room with your own laptop, both wireless and wired (network cable provided). Also free was a business centre with two or three desktop computers and the free use of a printer - this proved extremely useful for printing off some of our MapQuest directions to get around Phoenix.The free breakfast was very extensive. In addition to the usual toast, bagels, pastries, make-your-self waffles, juice (including cranberry), tea and coffee, there were also some hot selections which changed daily (e.g. bacon, sausages, etc). Eggs were the usual powdered eggs that seems to be used in a lot of US hotels.We didn't have too much interaction with the staff but they seemed friendly enough. We did run into the manager (or someone we assumed was a manager) at the lifts one time and he greeted us and enquired to make sure everything was going well with our stay - can't ask for any more than that!Overall it was an excellent place to base our stay in Phoenix and I would definitely be happy to try other Wingate Inns based our experience at this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>royceroyce
<Content>Worth more than I paid This hotel was definately one of the best I've ever stayed in. The service was great, the rooms were very clean and spacious and the price was far less than what I expected to pay. I've paid a lot more for a lot less. My only complaint was the construction going on on the adjacent street. It has nothing to do with the hotel and there was no sound coming into the room, but it just took away from the experience.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>KAILUAKID
<Content>Good Phoenix Hotel We arrived on Wed October 10th for 3 nights. The Wingate Innis now called the Fairfied Inn. Suites (Marriott), Check In wasfast and efficient and we were assigned room 205. The room was very clean and it included two queen beds  appropriatefurniture. A new twist was the bed spread which was abouttwo and a half feet wide (Indian Design) and it was draped overthe sheets. AC was cold to my wife's liking. Free breakfastincluded cereal, quaker oats, juice, bagels, English muffins,waffles,  fruit. Pool was also excellent for relaxation and it hasa small fitness exercise room. Two coin operated washer anddryers (one dollar a load) are located on the third floor. Thissmall hotel is located near the Heard Museum and thePhoenix Theater (complex). We visited the Heard Museum and it is excellent and a true Gem. I took my wife to the Phoenix Theater to see Crazy For You which is a live broadway musical in an intimate showroom (about 500 seats). The show wasvery good entertainment. This hotel is located on North Central Ave and construction was going on to build a light mass transit system. However, it did not interfere with our movement aroundnor did it cause any problem.There was only one problem withparking and it was on Thursday night after the musical showas we arrived to our hotel after 11:00 pm. We could not find a parking space on the property, so I parked in a metered stall adjacent to the hotel and right across IHOP. Since we last ate at about 4:00 PM we decided to eat at IHOP. After dinner I spoke to the manager of IHOP and he indicated that my car was perfectly safe as he himself parks there. In the morning I drove my carback on the property and there were many empty spaces.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DavidW57
<Content>Not great This hotel is in the middle of being refurbished while its location and the surrounding area are blighted by the construction of a light railway down Central Avenue. The decor and the rooms were tired confirming refurb is overdue. Breakfast average although it seems to be a favourite spot for the local police to come in and write up their reports whilst enjoying a freebie  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>bobsterkw
<Content>Excellent! Has amenities/service not usually fund at this price point. Desk staff called to check everything was ok and if w needed anything. Neutrogena products instead of el cheapos. Desk staff were very helpful both on the phone and in person. Great rooms (large) and good breakfast with hot sausage and eggs (egg beaters?) Service was outstanding with polite and friendly staff. Nice 24 hour pool and jacuzzi. About the only knock I have is that eggs/sausage were warmed by sterno which gave them a bit fo a checmical taste. If I were travelling to Phoenix again this would be my first choice. Our room was $93 plus tax. Has airport shuttle although we didn't use it.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>smithpatty
<Content>Will stay here every time Our daughter gets medical treatments at St. Joseph's hospital near the hotel. We stay here every time--not only for its convenient downtown location but because cleanliness is so important to our daughter's health. This is absolutely a clean, nice and comfortable place. And I'm pretty picky! It seems new and smells good. The staff are helpful and got us through one time when we locked our keys in our rental car. The free breakfast is bigger than the usual continental breakfast and helps keep expenses down. We will stay here every single time.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sailorshenshi
<Content>The Jury's review of this place is Still Out I book the room two days before driving to Phoenix for jury duty. I asked for the goverment rate and recieved it. The staff asked if I wanted to sign up with their TripRewards program at no extra cost or paperwork on my part. I recieved 1410 points minutes after enrolling. My room was 204, standard handicap. It looks toward a parking garage twice as high as the hotel. There is free access to high speed internet if you take a lap top. The free access means you can physically touch the USB cord but you must pay the service before using it. I don't know the price because I don't own a lap top. There is Nitendo game controller attached to the television that you can purchase 1 hour of gaming for about $7.95. I didn't look at the pay-per-view movie costs but I am sure it is just as expensive. There is a business center with two computers and a copier. Nothing can be downloaded to these computers unless you have a floppy disk. I had astronomy homework that had to be postponed because no programs can be downloaded at the hotel or the Phoenix Public Library down the street. I didn't want to compute the mass of Jupiter using the orbiting data of it's moons anyway. The free breakfast was filling. Eggs, bacon, make-your-own waffles, milk, juices, coffee, danish, ceral, yogurt,biskits, gravy were all present in the lobby at 6:30 am. No fruits. A U.S today newspaper was at my door as well as bill. I walked around the hotel outside every hour during my stay because it is a non-smoking hotel. The front and back of the hotel is very quiet. The side facing Central Ave. is a mess with street construction. I think this was a very expensive hotel for a breakfest, shower, and bed for the night but I would hate to see what I get if I stayed at a cheeper hotel.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	5	4	3	3	

<Author>kurseni
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed two nights at the Wingate, and were very pleased. We had a one-bedroom suite, which was large, light, comfortable and pleasant. We were tired from traveling, and happily spent a whole morning in our suite reading and relaxing, and felt very much at home there. The hotel is a very short walk to the Heard Museum, and almost directly across the street from Durant's, an excellent restaurant. It is doiwntown, and on the street where the light rail is being built, so there was some inconvenience, but not enough to cause any real problem, and we would certainly not hesitate to stay there again because of that. We didn't hear any construction noise in our room, or anywhere in the hotel. Our room rate was an excellent value -- possibly because of the construction.The pool area is quite nice, pleasant and quiet. The pool is heated -- but too much for my taste. There is also a hot tub and a nice looking exercise room.Hotel staff were friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable.The complimentary breakfast was fine.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>boxerloverSd
<Content>Loved This Hotel We needed a hotel in downtown Phoenix, most were very expensive, but Win Gate was very resonable. I came across WinGate Hotel on Trip Advisor and read the reviews (all good) so we booked the hotel.It was everything they advertised, very clean, extremely nice workers and the free breadfast was excellent ...make your own waffels, biscuts and gravy and all the normal breakfast type foods.Great location.Love it  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Holakjs
<Content>Great spot in downtown Phoenix I used FF points to pay for my two night stay after I a. discovered this property offered this feature b. read the TA hotels reviews. c. discovered that this hotel offered a complimentary shuttle to and from the airport.In addition, the shuttle ran every hour to places within a five-mile radium so you could go to a mall on the shuttle...at no additional charge.I had a room for one with large bed (king?) and microwave and frig. Everything was immaculate. Front desk staff was very helpfu! The location of the hotel was good for visiting the Phoenix Museum of Art and the Heard (Native American) Museum. Both were in walking distance. The pool was great for sunning if not swimming. For some reason, the pool was hot tub temperature. Nice sized pool for a downtown hotel.Places nearby to eat included everything from Burger King and IHOP to Durant's known for its steaks. Wild Thai was a nearby Thai restaurant I would recommend for its food and value.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stegazilla
<Content>Wonderful Surprise! I had a three day stay in Phoenix for work, and was a little apprehensive about my booking being handled by my employer. What a pleasant surprise when I walked through the front door of this hotel and was greeted by an extremely courteous and knowledgable front desk clerk! My check in was a breeze, and when I arrived in my room, I was again surprised to find how large and clean it was! Quiet, comfortable, all the amenities I would have expected to pay extra for, all were included! This is definitely an excellent business class hotel, and I will certainly recommend it to anyone who is travelling to Phoenix!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aznate27
<Content>Nice hotel in central Phoenix       living room  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>yanna
<Content>Super service This busniess hotel is great because it has a shuttle that will take you to local spots like the convention center, and pick you up too. The room was large and the staff was very helpful. There is construction on Central Avenue for the light rail system, so ask for a room farther from the noise. The breakfast is plentiful but average. Durant's restaurant is very close, and worth the price. Get a reservation, even for weedkday nights. If you go at 5:00 they may take you without one, but there is no sense taking the chance that it is full. Therei is a good Thai restaurant that was recommended by other clinets. Ihop is across the street so you can find something at any hour. I would definitely stay there again. I bid for it on Priceline.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chickenbiscuit
<Content>Five nights of great sleep! I stayed at the Wingate Inn for five nights while in Phoenix attending a training conference. At check-in I was offered a choice of floors and was even placed in a room on the quiet side (non-street side) of the hotel when I mentioned that I was a light sleeper. The hotel clerk took the time to tell me of all the hotel ammeneties and offerings. I was amazed! I stay at many hotels in the southwest both for business and with my family, but rarely receive such a warm and informative welcome such as this one. The room was a nice sized room with a mini fridge, microwave and coffemaker. Very good rate as well. I was told that this hotel is only four years old and it seems to be very well maintained. Newspaper delivered to the room door each morning. Nice hot breakfast with scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, waffles, fruit, juice and coffee. Wish breakfast was a bit earlier than the 6:30 a.m. opening, but this was manageable. Burger King and IHOP right next door.... very convenient, albeit for a few street people constantly on the street out front. Good security at this hotel.... night watchman, full parking lot and all doors are secured all day and night. Very nice attention to security here. I enjoyed the downtown location, convenient to most everything and would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sandi8
<Content>We'd Stay Here Again! We've just returned from an Arizona vacation with our two pre-teen sons. This was a terrific hotel. The morning breakfast was excellent and we all enjoyed the pool and fitness room. Our room was clean and comfortable and the front desk staff and housekeeping staff were very helpful and friendly. We brought along our laptop so we were able to use the internet in our room. We also had a very reasonable rate.My only concern was that when my son accidentally locked the safe shut, the front desk staff knew exactly what to press to open the safe. There was no need to call a security guard or look anything up. Therefore, I would not use the in room safe. Otherwise, I would definely recommend this hotel.We truly enjoyed our stay!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>plainjohn
<Content>Not a bad place got this place via a package deal by UAL. Thought I got ripped off because Expedia had the same package for $30 less. Oh well. Arrived and given a option of three floors for a queen bed. Mircowave and mini fridge included. AC controls work, though the machine is little loud when running. I would not call this centrally located, but with a car, getting places is not a problem. Traffic can be tough during PM commute. Haven't tired the breakfast yet, but I'm using one of their computers in the business center and it's free. Fitness room looks small, but I have a gym membership to the local fitness place 10 min drive tops. So far, everything is ok. I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fudy
<Content>great little hotel, great value I was in Phoenix for a conference and the Wingate was assigned to me because I made plans late and the JW Marriott was fully booked. When I got assigned this place, I thought I was going to be staying at a Motel 6 type of place.Well, this is no Motel 6. The room was quite nice, wallpaper, furniture, decor was all tasteful and classy. They bake chocolate chip cookies in the afternoon and distribute them in the lobby. The free breakfast was also very good. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful.This is not a 5 star hotel, mind you, but for less than $100/night, you can't beat it.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ChicagoTraveler7
<Content>Comfortable hotel for business This is a nice business hotel. The rooms are large and comfortable, and the free high-speed internet in the rooms is terrific. The morning breakfast buffet is nicer than many I've seen, and the staff is helpful and friendly. I'll stay here again the next time I'm in town.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

