<Author>Weenie51
<Content>Nice resort/bargain price We recently spent a week following Christmas at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak resort. We found this resort to be an excellent choice for a visit to the Phoenix area. It is located close to several major streets and freeways, making local travel easy.Although the resort was full of families taking advantage of the pool area, we found several, small, quiet pool areas to relax away from the activity. The weather was unseasonably cool, so we did not take advantage of the lazy river, but it looked quite clean and well-maintained.Our room was not a suite, but a second floor king bed room that was very nicely redecorated and spacious. It did not have a mini fridge, although.Overall, the resort grounds were beautiful and the staff was cordial and helpful. We did not dine in any resort restaurants.Our resort stay was very low cost, we felt, as we travel often and choose high-end resorts and hotels. Our total experience at this hotel was positive and we would return to this location.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Stevied888
<Content>Spacious but dated casita Found the property very charming. Was not at all crowded. Less than a handful of people at the pool and lazy river which was relaxing. Minature golf was nice and no one was using it. Food was great at the main restaurant for light dinner (watermelon gazapacho was great) and superb breakfast buffet with great omelets. Only complaint was the maintenance kept leaving a truck in our parking space.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>erb162
<Content>Inconsistent but better than the reviews My wife and I spent three nights at the Pointe Squaw Peak earlier this month. After reading some of the more recent reviews, I almost canceled our reservation, but it was hard to beat my company's Hilton contract rate here. I figured if it was *that bad*, we would just switch somewhere else after one night. I have Hilton Gold status and they upgraded us to a Casita. A bellman escorted us to the room and helped carry our bags in. The Casita was nice enough though the look is rather dated. There is a stained-glass window over the staircase to the second floor, and no way to block the light coming in through this window. The bed was comfortable and the main bath was nice enough. Some have mentioned having poor cell phone coverage... there was only one place in the room where we didn't have a signal, overall that wasn't an issue.We were given free continental breakfast coupons and had breakfast one day at the Hole-in-the-Wall. As other reviews have mentioned, the food there was terrible and we didn't go back. Also the cell phone didn't really work in the restaurant.It was a little too chilly to enjoy the lazy river, though the water was warm and there were a few kids floating around. The whole resort had a rather empty feel during our stay, though the casitas seemed to be mostly occupied. The staff in the convenience store were really nice as well as at Rodeo Drive, and the concierge helped us decide where to go hiking one morning. We also liked that the small pools are open until 11 PM, and while they have a plethora of clean towels in the pool area, we couldn't figure out where to put the wet ones.We had a security issue where the back door to the casita (at the carport) wasn't closing properly. Even if it was closed, I could push it open! We called maintenance and they fixed it while we were out one day. While the door was indeed fixed, they left the other door to the unit slightly ajar when they left! We could have had stuff stolen out of the room. Thankfully nothing was, but it was beyond careless that they left the other door open upon completion (we are sure that we did not leave it open - it was obvious that maintenance was using that door while they were repairing the other one). When we called about this, they sent maintenance over rather than security...security eventually called.We found out too late that with Hilton Gold status we would have been able to use the gym for free -- the published day rate was $12. It looked like a nice gym.The location was good, the staff tried hard, and the upgrade was nice...but there are so many great properties in the Phoenix area, I'm not sure we would be in a hurry to head back.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	5	3	3	

<Author>Iamuzak
<Content>Great Property We've stayed at this hotel several times over the last 5 years. Its a great property that the kids LOVE going to. Here are the highlights:Pros:-lots to do for the kids, mini golf, lazy river, large pool with waterfall-you need a car in Phoenix but the resort is fairly close to high end shopping-the hotel is well designed (but it takes a while to figure out) and allows you to park close to your room-the Coyote Camp is FABULOUS, say the kids, they've been to 40-50 hotels and they talked about Coyote Camp the most. Staff at the camp is wonderful and are the same from our visits 5 years ago.Cons:-no restaurants within walking distance -service in Cantina restaurant takes a long time (food is good)-service in Hole in the Wall restaurant is very SLOW-pool side service was inconsistent, good one day very slow the next (it didn't seem to matter if gave a generous tip either)We ate mostly off property but used the resort so service wasn't an issue.We've stayed in everything from casitas to normal rooms and everything has accomodated our family of four. (kids 79 yr old)All in all we love this property and will continue to go there until we buy our own place in Sun Valley.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	2	4	

<Author>tigerfoods
<Content>Decent Hilton Property Stayed here for 5 nights to attend conference @ Biltmore. Tripadvisor reviews were negative for Biltmore so I opted for this property.Overall, a positive experience, some issues. First, the good points about this property. Plenty of free parking, good housekeeping staff, rooms were clean and the majority of the staff was friendly and helpful. Nice pool areas especially for families w/ young kids.The first night I was given a first floor room (queen) in North Pointe blgd. Not close to main lobby and room was not in great condition. Shower head was broken. I had asked for an upgrade as a faithful HH member but front desk said no rooms available which was contrary to bartender who told me 40% occupancy on Sunday?The remainder of stay was on the 3rd floor of South Pointe blgd, better room(king) overlooking pool area. Room was ok for a military rate but I would not pay more than that rate.An issue w/ front desk about a fax that was sent twice, but we were told initially was not received, manager quickly addressed problem and advised staffer was new an unaware of the fax log.Property has some maintenance issues, a set of elevators under repair for entire stay resulted in some waits. Blgds have some obvious wear issues, but saw work being done to correct and staff completing punch lists.Again it was a good experience for a reasonable rate.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	3	4	2	4	3	

<Author>bazalUk
<Content>huge prison block If you like holiday camp settings youl like this hotel, the only area where you can get all day sun is arround the huge and noisy water park area. otherwise the smaller quieter pools have so much shade you can only get sun from 10.30----14.00some of the king bed rooms have no sun at all and are very dark requiring room lights on all day, check your room before you book!!!We had a junior suite (all the rooms are suites) very spacious with seperate sitting room and second tv plus a small area with tea/ coffee facility, very useful.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	4	2	1	

<Author>westvaner
<Content>Still a great place for everyone! My first time back in 4 years and the place is still great. The check in staff and staff in general were excellent!!! As I suggested before stay in the South Pointe as it has a nice pool for a late night swim and is a little nicer than the North Side. For families the River Ranch is the best. One note: I used to love the Whole in the Wall restaurant on site, but this time the food was not very good (maybe just a bad day). There is a Italian restaurant across the street in the Bank parking lot (sorry forgot the name) but it is excellent.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SussexWorldtraveller
<Content>It's falling apart - time for the Hilton Group to update this property My husband had to stay in this hotel for 12 nights, owing to a business trip. I joined him for the last 5 nights before we headed off touring. Despite having a high level Hilton Honors priviledge card, he got a very ordinary room, surprisingly small compared to say the average high end motel room, and was told nothing else was available, when he checked in. They gave him a few complimentary vouchers for the cheapest breakfast available on site, instead. When he got to the room, it had yet to be serviced. Two days later, he returned to his room mid morning to get some papers he had left inside by accident. The keycard would not work. He ran to reception where it was reissued. It still didn't work. Long story, short - 5 maintenance staff members and 45 minutes later, he got access to the room. Of course, by now, he was extremely late for a meeting where he had to make a presentation. They gave him a $20 voucher for his inconvenience!!!!! The room was very tired - furniture scuffed and old fashioned, drapes faded, paintwork scratched, bathroom fixtures scoured until the base metal was exposed, that kind of thing. The desk was too small to do any work on and use a PC at the same time, it had an old-fashioned TV with a poor screen. Worse, the airconditioning was extremely noisy and the thermostat very insensitive. It turns itself off for long periods, then the fan comes on at maximum warp to cool the room down in a hurry, then runs a little more quietly before shutting off. This cycle is not conducive to a peaceful night's sleep.My first day, arriving jet-lagged from the UK, they had a water problem. I ended up having a cold shower in the morning, but there was NO water by 10.00 am. Guests were told they could use the facilities in the spa building, 5 minutes walk away. While the water was off, housekeeping 'did' the room. How you can clean a bathroom properly and hygienically without water, nobody ever managed to explain to my satisfaction. Further, there was evidence of remedial repair works going on around the accommodation blocks, and the nearest elevator to the room was out of order for the whole of my husband's 12 night stay.This hotel has a large pool and water activity based leisure facility. This is ideal for families with children and people wanting to relax and sunbathe. If you spend most of your time here, you will probably consider the property not bad. If you mostly just use the rooms, you are unlikely to be impressed. The best feature, to me, was a reasonably comfortable bed.While the front of house staff were polite and embarrassed at the shortcomings, and claimed they wanted to help with the problems we encountered, they didn't actually achieve much or offer anything positive or genuinely meaningful to alieviate the situation. The other staff members we encountered - housekeeping and ground staff - seemingly spoke little or no english and just put on a smile because they had been trained to do so. Not our usual Hilton experience.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>girlsonvacation
<Content>Loved It!!!! We just love this resort! We are a mixed group of all ages and this place has something to offer for everyone. We have made this annual trip of rest and relaxation for six years now and as always can't wait to come back again. From the front desk staff, bellman, housekeeping to the restaurant everyone was so helpful and friendly. Service is always tops and we could not ask for more. We always meet the nicest people which always adds to the pleasure of our trip. Can't wait for next year and to float the lazy river!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelguyArizona
<Content>Great Resort - Terrible Service and Professionalism The Resort advsertised many things such as Kids Eat free with paid adult meal, Covered Parking when renting the 2 story Casita's, Mini Bar. The Covered Parking, even though assigned to the room and included in the room rate is not a guarentee by the Resort. You will find this out after you check in and someone else is in your spot. If you want the mini bar function, Your key may or may not work. If it does not you will get lip service from the staff and never have access to the mini bar. If you complain about the parking more than twice they will humor you and send out security to look at the vechicle that is passed there. Be sure not to identify yourself as the customer who complained and you will find out what they really think about you. Normally a good deal of profanity in thier remarks. Dont even try to get the Kids eat free thing, It expired and even though you are told about it on check in and on the phone it is not real. Dont even try to bring up any issues at check out or use the room phone to call the front desk. You will be ignored, and basically told to go have a nice day. This Resort has plenty of Business and they dont need yours. I would not recommend anyone that would like to stay at a 4 or 5 star resort to stay at this one. You are lower than pond scum in the eyes of the Resort Managment and Staff.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>1	3	4	4	4	4	1	-1	

<Author>3jellyfish
<Content>Plenty of Sun but little shine... We have stayed here before- 5 years ago; not much has changed, despite the remodelling!Our reasons for returning were the weather- UK has been s**te for the last 12 months, and we needed to relax and that last time, it wasn too bad!You can relax during the week, but Thursday pm through Sunday pm, dont even dream of peace and quiet- it is a resort and families do make the most of it!And dont make the mistake of thinking that when its busy, the resort might open the advertised water park earlier- it seems to be down to the discretion of the staff, which is random to say the least.Anyway, to be objective:Check in- was swift, but failed to identify or provide the appropriate vouchers for breakfast (identified as an issue on many reviews), and gave out of date value pack, which was worthlessRoom- no different from 5 years ago, although in the main block this time; Dusting is obviously a long forgotten art here, as is recognition of Diamond HH status- no benefit at all at this hotelRiver ranch- facilities good, but maintenance and consistency (water butts/cups etc,) hit and miss; Slim Pickens bar- you need it more than me budd! when leaving only $1 after having walked the length of the park, had a single beer poured and charged æ‹¢5.50 for it! I Dont get the tipping thing when the guy/gal has done F all for it!!Breakfast- eventually having managed to get our entitled vouchers, we began to regret it!Food at the Lantana is a complete lucky dip, which fits perfectly with the service!Dont even worry about the time, just dont think about what is going to turn up- you order white toast, guaranteed its brown; scrambled eggs and bacon appeared as poached and sausages!One day, not even given a plate- I thought I'd just put yours on your husbands!Another day, seated at a table with no waiter at all taking responsibility for it! Had to coerce a guy to help us to get served!Lunch- DONT GO to the Hole in the Wall! Food crap, overpriced and thats even before they try to rook you later by adding 50%, which takes days to fight! keep your receipts! Seems that the Cowboys are still around, now just outlaws!Dinner- didnt take the chance- too risky!Positives:The weather is great, the pools are well maintained, and most of the staff are friendly, if not necessarily professional.Housekeeping staff are patient and thorough, except for dusting! and the Tocasierra gym was excellent, with helpful staff and good facilities.Cabs- obviously the hotel has a kick back from the cab company they use- its impossible to get a sedan, always an SUV at 10% more, but also more thn the cabs from the Ritz (from Hilton to Biltmore- $25, from Ritz at Biltmore to Hilton- $18!! Dont bother booking- 5 years ago, booked, failed to turn up; Same this time!Recomendations-Shop at Basha and enjoy balcony snacks, supported by happy hour snacks from Lantina grill; Go to Elements at the Sanctuary for a good meal- a little pricey but the service and quality dwarf anything near Squaw Peak .Manager of Lantina- have buffet guests in one area- they need little assistance other than drinks top ups, and have continental breakfast set up so that one person can supervise (if you are that untrusting), but for goodness sake, make sure that people are served within 30 minutes of seating and get the order right!!Or employ people that like their work!Sounds like a harsh review! Would we come back- probably not due to the complete lack of understandng of customer service and value, but maybe, because there were a few that made it worthwhile- Felipe, the gardener at the top pool, Sam at front desk, and Patti our housekeeper, the gym staff, and some others whose names we didnt catch- the manager at the water ranch, the guy who checked us in, and our waitress on our first and last days.Your money, your choice, but for unbeatable sun in Sept, its a no brainer; just get out of the hotel at the weekend when the invasion occurs!!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>scarpa1977
<Content>Great Resort!       King Suite Bedroom  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>EllanVannin
<Content>Lovely suites The suites at the hotel are of a very good standard. Our children loved the lazy river and slides at the hotel. We stayed at the pool until closing time at 7pm. However, I would suggest you put on some insect repellent as we were quite badly bitten in the evening by the pool. We tried the on site restaurant. The food was terrible. My son had the fish and fries and it was seriously overcooked, almost dark brown batter. My older son had steak with broccoli. The steak was overcooked and the broccolli was so undercooked it flew acroos the room like a bullet when he cut into it. The hotel was full of noisy, small, children so I expect if you're not a family this is not the place to be. We didn't mind this as our children soon made friends. Overall the rooms were of a very good standard, but I would say don't bother eating here.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>hkelly
<Content>Worst Customer Service EVER!!! Upon check in there was a line out the door, they only had two people checking everyone in, when it was our turn it was a quick process, we got our keys and headed to our room. There are no inside corridors so that was a pain, but we were able to park right outside our building. The Luggage carts were chained to a fence so we had to call the front desk so they could send someone over to unlock them for us, very tacky as it was 100 + out and we just wanted to get into our room.We got to our smoke free room - finally...and it looked like it was recently remodeled, nice large rooms, and a bonus to have a separate bedroom from the living area. The room however smelled of old cigarette smoke (which I am highly allergic to), my guess is that at one time it was a smoking room. So thank goodness we brought Fabreeze with us and sprayed the entire room down, including the curtains (we had called the front desk and it sounded like that's all housekeeping would be able to do for us as well)The first morning we were there, we were awakened at 8:30 am by the front desk saying our credit card had been declined (how come we weren't notified upon check in), I knew this to be an error as I had PLENTY of room on my card...I told them I would call my bank and find out what was going on....upon talking with the credit card company the hotel had placed 5 authorizations on my credit card in the following amounts....$1183.00, $1183.00, $800.00, $600.00, and $500.00. They couldn't get my card to go through...NO WONDER, they froze up over $4,500.00 on my credit card, and anyone who knows anything about credit cards ( I worked in the banking industry for almost 10 years), when a company does an authorization it puts a hold on those funds for 5 -6 business days!!! until the charges are processed.So they maxed out my credit card. I called the front desk and they said that was impossible that that could not have happened, I told them, the $$$ amounts that the credit card company had told me they placed. I told them there is no way I would know the $$$ amounts if the money wasn't being held by them.To make a very very long story short, it took 4 hours that day to get it somewhat sorted out, my CC company told me I needed the Hilton to call them and remove all of the authorizations from my card, the front desk said they were not authorizations that my CC had been rejected those 5 times.It took 5 DAYS to get the messed cleared up and sorted out (funny how they had called my CC company and had those authorizations removed - but declined that that could happened), The hotel tried to tell us that our card was rejected at check in....I don't know about you but if it was rejected at the time of check in...1. Why would you give us keys?2. Notify us at check in that there was a problem with our card.3. Ask if we wanted to put our room on another card.If our credit card was rejected the above should never have happened and we should not have spent our whole 5 days dealing with getting their authorizations removed from our CC so we could continue our vacation. We demanded that they compensate us for all the time and frustration they caused us and ruining our vacation and they offered us a free lunch (we paid for breakfast in our package deal but did not get breakfast that first day because of dealing with this so they offered us lunch instead) and $40.00 additional, we told them that wasn't good enough, that we felt at least one nights stay (we stayed 5 nights) was more acceptable, finally after arguing in the lobby they offered us an additional $50.00.Upon check out, on our final bill that is slipped under the door, there was a $75.00 charge for dinner (which we did not make) and there was only a $40.00 credit. OK can you say EXTREMELY UPSET at the unprofessionalism of this staff. It took another HOURS to get the $75.00 removed that we DID NOT CHARGE for dinner and to get the additional $50.00 that they told us would be credited to us.WE WILL NEVER EVER STAY HERE AGAIN...we are telling everyone that this was the worst customer service we have ever received. We did a 5 week road trip across the United States and stayed at some of the nicest hotels with the best services and this was our last hotel before heading home, and it was the worst!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>ocbutnotoc
<Content>Just ok We loved the casita. We had 2 bedrooms upstairs, a roof deck, and covered parking. The living room and kitchen with minifridge and microwave were a plus. The hotel itself is run down and the nicest restaurant on site was horrible. The pool area is fun, but I recommend it for kids older than 7. The gym was very small. The front desk staff was iffy. The hotel is in an older part of Phoenix with not much life and the Biltmore plaza is dated and was under construction when we visited. We stayed at the Fairmont in Scottsdale 2 years earlier and loved it.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>bitnibbler
<Content>Large rooms, great water park, great location We stay at the Pointe as a family at least once a year during the summer when they have the $99.00 summer fun rate. We only live a mile from the property but our kids love the water park, and we love the suite sized rooms (400SF) with seperate bedroom and living area. You cannot beat the location if considering staying in the Phoenix area. This is close to downtown (5mi), Scottsdale Fashion Square (5mi), Biltmore Fashion Plaza (3mi), great hiking (Squaw Peak - 1mi, Camelback mountain - 2mi), and freeway (1mi). Seems there has been some remodelling in the rooms since our last stay, as rough texture on walls has been smoothed out (popcorn ceilings still present though). Also added shade coverings on the balconies, which really helps with the intense afternoon sun. We always stay in Pointe South (this is a big property with suites and cabanas, Pointe South is where the main lobby is, there is also Pointe North with a seperate pool) in a non-smoking suite, next to the pool, room 2362. This is a king bedroom, with queen sofa bed. We were really pleased with the room, as normally always get 2 queen beds (rooms are a little bigger). Room on the East side (less intense afternoon sun). Furnishings look new, and very comfortable. TVs both worked, and bed was very comfortable with nice soft sheets and pillows. My wife is allergic to down/feathers, and was no problem having comforter and pillows changed. We also checked in at 12pm (4pm normal checkin) and checked out at 1pm 2 days later, with no questions or hassles or extra fees. We spent a lot of time at the lazy river and water slide. My wife preferred to hang out in the room, and relax. We did not check out the gym, although usage was included in package. There is an 18hole mini-golf which I played with my daughter. Also 4 tennis courts (no idea of pricing). Internet access is $12.00/day (in-room) but have free wi-fi in the lobby (which seemed to work in the patio area that liked to sit in.We ate at the Hole in the Wall, mainly burgers, steaks and chicken. Sat on the patio first night, and was disappointed with number of flies. Food was okay (kids eat free a good deal), service was a bit slow, I seem to remember the same problem the previous year. This was a holiday weekend, but restaurant did not appear overly crowded, and not sure why it took 20 minutes from placing order to getting burger and fries. Made use of the buffet ($6.00/kids under 12) at lunch. Never ate at the Lantana grill, bit outside our price range. There are a number of good restaurants within 2 miles.  - Golden Dragon - very good Chinese, Northern/12th St (1mi)  - TexAZ grill - excellent BBQ, 16th St/Bethany Home (2mi).  - Sauce - modern Italian eatery - pizza/salad, Glendale/7th St - PeiWei - Asian food (PF Chang subsidiary), Glendale/7th St - Moto - Japanese, Glendale 16th St.  - Aunt Chilada's - Mexican, soft chips (opposite hotel) - Carlos Obrians - popular Mexican food 12th St/Northern - Paradise Bakery - 12th St/Glendale (good bread, sandwiches)Fast food: - MacDonalds - 16th St/Glendale (0.5mi) - Subway - 16th St/Glendale (0.5mi) - NY Pizza - 12th St/Northern (0.5mi) - Stumpey's Pizza - 12th St/Glendale (deliver) - Papa Johns - 16th St/Glendale (deliver) - Pizza Hut - 16th St/Bethany Home (deliver) - Starbucks - 16th St/Bethany Home Grocery: - Bashas - 16th St/Glendale - Safeways - 7th St/GlendaleThere were a lot of people at the property but never felt too crowded, and swimming pools were kept very clean. I was a little suprised at how relaxed everyone was with the rules (lazy river and water slide). Maybe it is the end of the season, but in previous years were very strict on height for water slide and making sure used a tube on the lazy river.  Hiking at Squaw Peak, 2mi to parking, 1.25mi 1000ft climb. Very popular hike, good parking. Get there early on weekends. Can also hike at Dreamy Draw Park which is on the North side of Squaw Peak, lots of trails, and easy 1mi drive from hotel. Camelback mountain, 3mi to parking. 1.25mi 1200ft climb. Two routes, East and West. Recommend West route, but limited parking at Echo Canyon, more parking 0.6mi away. Get there early on weekends.North Mountain. More gentle, can even take the paved road to thetop. 7th St/Peoria, near Pointe Tapiteo (2mi). Cons: I got home and checked my bank account, and see a $360.00 deduction pending from my account from Hilton hotels (Hilton manage the Pointe hotels - there are three Pointe South Mountain, Pointe Tapiteo, and Pointe Squaw Peak). I knew my bill was only $283.00. I call and am politely told they put a hold on the hotel rate plus $50.00/day for incidentals, and should be credited back within 72hours of departure. Okay, how about informing me they plan to do this. Not experienced this before, and am a little upset this was not presented at checkin.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>spinitback
<Content>Great place for the family with excellent access to Phoenix I travel over 100k/yr for work and expect the best in service and quality. For our family vacation to Sedona and the Grand Canyon, I picked the Hilton Squaw peak based on location and amenities provided by the hilton website.Overall, this is a great hotel for the family. Free parking, 3 different pools, with a waterfall, slide and lazy river makes this an excellent location for a family with young kids. 2 restaurants onsite, a gift shop/ice cream parlor, a bar, a kid's camp, mini golf and tennis courts makes a stay here lots of fun.Rooms - we stayed in the north pointe (3 sets of buildings + villas) on the 4th floor in a 1 bedroom suite with 2 queen beds. Overall, we were happy with the state of the room. It was clean, beds were comfortable, shower pressure was more than adequate and 2 tv's makes it easy to entertain the kids during the downtime between pool and diner.Parking - ample, free parking throughout.Service - excellent. Everyone is courteous and helpful. No attitude from anyone during our stay.Restaurants - hole in the wall is good but a little pricey. We ate there twice, once for breakfast and once for dinner. Food is quite good. Our kids ate free (for breakfast) which is nice (I believe it is only until labor day though as part of a summer special). The BBQ is tasty and the portions are large.Lantana canteen- not impressed. We went there one morning for breakfast. Hostess was nowhere to be found, service was sporadic and the continental breakfast was mediocre. We never ate there for dinner, so I can't comment on the quality.Spa and health club - I am a runner but didn't do any exercise on this trip (unless you count downing margerita's). I heard the health club is of professional quality, so I suspect it would meet the needs of most exercise seekers.The hotel is conveniently located near several of the freeways without being right beside them. We had no trouble getting to activities from the hotel and the airport was a 15 min drive.Overall, I would recommend this hotel to anyone, especially families with young kids.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>NickyU
<Content>Good for Families Our group of 7 (two families with teenagers) stayed here for one night in early August, as part of a big road trip.We chose this hotel because we needed an overnight stop in Phoenix as we were driving from the Grand Canyon to San Diego. In particular we picked it because of the swimming pools, and these were good, we all enjoyed the lazy river, and the kids liked the slide. In August it was really, really hot, so we definitely needed the pool to cool off in.We arrived early afternoon and luckily could get into our rooms immediately. The rooms were really big, with a separate lounge area, fridge and coffee making facilities. We ate in the Lantana Grill and the food was really good, not sure why but the restaurant was almost empty apart from us, but the staff were very attentive - although there was a thunderstorm going on! We had breakfast in the Hole in the Wall Restaurant, which was also good, particularly as it was complimentary.Would recommend this hotel for families, and if ever passing through Phoenix again, we would stay here.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>beachluvr13
<Content>We'd Go Back I was a little worried after reading some reviews, but we were pleasantly surprised. Pools - We went to the water park on Thursday afternoon and Friday morning, Thursday was fine but Friday was a little too crowded with kids. We moved to the North Pool and had it almost to ourselves until a mob of 20 bratty kids came in. Even with the bratty kids we still enjoyed ourselves, you CAN bring your own floats in the pools(and lazy river) along with drinks to the pools outside of the water park. Holel - We stayed in one of the half-suites for $89/night and it was more than adequate. It had a king-sized bed(extremely comfortable), a shower  tub with the vanity outside of the bathroom and a fridge in the closet. There was a stinky smell coming from the sink but that was a minor issue. Nice flat screen on the wall. I do agree with other posters that you can really hear your neighbors, but that didn't bother us too bad.Restaurants - After reading the reviews on here we skipped the restaurants. We walked in the Hole In the Wall for breakfast on Friday morning and left after noone acknowledged us after 10 minutes. We were impressed with the pina coladas at the hotel bar; beer and drinks prices were average for a resort. We ate at Gallaghers Sports Bar (right off the property) twice and it was average bar food, nothing spectacular. I do highly recommend Barrios Cafe, a mexican restaurant on 16th that was fantastic - the area is a little shady, but the chicken enchiladas were worth it. Staff- Concierge was very nice and helpful. We tried calling the front desk several times from our room at different times and couldn't get through. When checking in the girl knew nothing, didn't explain where our room was. There are guys on golfcarts roaming the property that will help you, but they expect a hefty tip in exchange.Overall, there was definitely more good than bad - I'd recommend this hotel with families looking for a nice getaway. There are also some cute feral kitties that visited us each morning, if you see them toss them out some treats.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>SeattleNMNative
<Content>We'll be there every year! We've decided to make Squaw Peak an annual stop. The casita we had is spacious. The bed comfortable. The amenities to die for.My daughter LOVED Coyote Camp. She came home each of the two days she was there with crafts she'll be showing off for years. I LOVED the Tocasierra spa.. except the price. A massage at home isn't nearly as pricey - but then, the surroundings aren't nearly as wonderful either.The staff was fun, and the mango margarita at the Hole in the Wall is one I look forward to having again!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jaxnfamily
<Content>Perfect for what we needed! We stayed at the Squaw Peak resort in late May/early June and had a very relaxing time. I had spent a lot of time researching various hotels in the Phoenix area and settled on the Squaw Peak because it appeared to be quite kid friendly from what we read, including the reviews on TripAdvisor. Our kids, aged 8,10 and 14 had a great time. The lazy river and pools were a big hit, especially with our younger kids. The check in process went smoothly (we booked through United Vacation.com and got a great deal on the lodging as well as the flight from Denver) and we were given one of the standard rooms with a bedroom with 2 queens and a separate living area with a foldout sofa. When we checked in we were told to check back in a couple days about a possible upgrade. I did check back, and we did receive a room upgrade on about our third day at the resort. The upgraded room was a two story casita, with plenty of room for our family of five to spread out. Much nicer than the standard room.We stayed a total of 9 nights at the resort and truly enjoyed it. We had been concerned that the heat would be unbearable but as it was Phoenix was blessed with a few days of relatively cooler weather in late May before it started to warm up, gradually. Didn't really matter to us as we spent a lot of time around the pools.The breakfasts at Lantana Grille and the Hole in the Wall at the River Ranch were pretty good. We tended to go off-resort for other meals - there are some decent places to eat quite close to the resort. We did do dinner at the Hole in the Wall one evening but the service was terrible - in fact my wife and kids got tired of waiting for the food and left - we ended up eating it in our room.I used the fitness facilities at the Tocasierra Fintness Center a number of times and found it satisfactory, with plenty of equipment - although a couple of the treadmills were not very stable. My wife and eldest daughter also indulged with spa treatments, and although somewhat pricey, they did find them enjoyable.The River Ranch was the big hit of our vacation, and there was never a problem finding lounge chairs, towels, etc. - although getting service at your lounge chair on the weekend days can be a bit frustrating due to the volume of people.We also took the free shuttle over to the Tapatio Cliffs resort on a couple occassions. The main pool area at that resort is also quite nice, and I found the bar area actually a little livlier. The fact that we could use the facilities of both resorts is a real plus in my mind.I travel quite a bit both domestically and internationally, and while the Squaw Peak is a nice place, with decent amenities and mostly very good service, I would not rate it a premier resort. That said the value for money was excellent.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Bodyandsoul
<Content>Nice hotel-very big! We had a great room-no problems. Stayed for 5 nights for a conference held on the property. Only complaint: it was beyond hot the whole week but the pools were warm! It was like taking a bath; we swam at night but it wasn't very refreshing. On our last night we heard that one of the pools on the other side of the property was much cooler but it was too late to check it out.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>BigSausage
<Content>Need's some TLC Spent a couple of days with the Grand Kids and over all had a good time. The water park kept the boy's busy for most of the day and kept us out of what was a old tired room. The facility itself was good, the staff and every employee we needed to encounter treated us with respect. Spending a lot of time in the water park I did notice some problems and the first being people being there that had no business being there, my impression was that only guest that were book at the hotel are allowed to use the water park. Over all I would recommend this hotel for people with kids who need to burn off some energy but would think twice if I were staying there alone or as a couple. The room we were in was outdated with 60's decor and some carpeting that was suspect at best.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	5	4	-1	

<Author>ScrapKAT
<Content>Not quite ideal... Stayed in a two-bedroom casita at the resort for a several day conference held there. The casita was in need of updating, had a musty smell, and my colleague and I had to call maintenance the first night because the carpet outside the downstairs bathroom was wet and there was a dripping noise. They concluded that the previous guests had probably left a leaky cooler there and brought in a noisy fan we let run overnight- it was there for the rest of our stay. The resort is sprawling- not ideal for people attended a conference who want to pop into their rooms in between sessions. The conference facilities were great other than the 3rd floor (rooftop) rooms, which were way too warm. The restaurants are OK, but the more casual of the two is certainly overpriced. The pool areas are lovely, but service all over the property is lacking. I gave it an above average rating simply because of the availability of the pool complex.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>arithecat
<Content>The worst Hilton we've ever stayed at My husband and I just got back from a two week trip including Sedona, the Hopi Reservation, Durango, Co, and Phoenix. We are HiltonRewards members and used out points to stay at the Hilton in Sedona (fabulous), the DoubleTree in Durango, (wonderful), and the Point Hilton Squaw Peak Resort in Phoenix...not so much.First of all, the air didn't work - it was 112 when we got there. Nothing was ever done. Second, we had ANTS...everywhere. The blinds didn't work and the housekeeper kept moving our things around to where she wanted them. The resort itself seemed run down. The pictures made it look much larger than it is. A professional miniature golf course winds around the lazy river at River ranch and inner tubes covered the whole golf course. We, along with several other people couldn't even follow where the holes were. One minute you were on top of a hill, and the next minute you had to cross over a hole someone else was playing to get to your next hole. While we were there, they also had an adolescent basketball conference. Banging of doors, yelling, running up and down the stairs, and yes, one night some kids tried to break into our room. Unfortunately, I was in it! I chased them down the corridor and made sure they understood I didn't find their attempts funny. All, in all, not the most relaxing time. I must say, however, that the HIlton in Sedona was absolutely fantastic, as was the DoubleTree in Durango, Co. My husband and I have stayed at Hiltons for years and the Squaw Peak resort was the worst Hilton we've ever stayed at.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>ClanHenry1
<Content>Not all it's cracked up to be So, I decided for my birthday, I wanted to go away (but not out of town) for a weekend. I picked the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak because it claimed to have some really good deals for a pretty decent price. Well, let me tell you - going to a resort in the off season, is not all it's cracked up to be! When we checked in, the staff were NOT friendly, no one offered any help with baggage, and they did not give us the coupon book we were supposed to get or our $50 dinner coupons. Our room was okay, but the shower/tub did not drain. Our neighbors were packed about 20 to a room and there were constantly huge bags of garbage sitting out in front of their door. None of the elevators worked (we were on the 3rd floor) and none of the ice machines worked. The pool areas were nice enough - of course, when we got there, we couldn't get tubes for the lazy river because the pump to blow them up was broken. It just seemed like everything was broken or out of order. When we asked the person at the front desk about the coupons we never got and the dinner vouchers, he was completely unhelpful and pretty much told us, Sorry 'bout it - it was your responsibility. No, actually is wasn't my responsibility, I don't work there!! So, if you're planning on staying here, you might want to reconsider - the staff are not very friendly, and definitely do not feel they should go out of their way to accomodate you. I can say that both nights we ate at the Lantana Grille lounge and the food was very good and our server was an absolute joy! But we probably will not stay here again - or advise anyone else to stay here.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>withliberty
<Content>Cool spot in hot desert Lots of families enjoying the pool scene during a 110 degree summer. There are several swimming pools, which makes it nice for children of any age. I traveled with my 8 and 3 year olds, and they felt safe throughout the property.We hired a Town Car to and from the airport ($30 each way), then rented a nice Toyota for a couple of days from the on-site Beverly Hills Rental Car (competitive rates - no need to wait in line at the airport). Food prices and food were OK - one child eats free with adult entree purchase, and you can expect resort prices. There is a grocery store and pharmacy about half a mile from the resort - stock up on goods there.Free shuttle service to the other Pointe Hilton resort. That one had tremendous views of the city, but the famed Different Point of View restaurant was closed when we went.Downsides? Only a small mini-bar fridge in the room. We didn't see a concierge until the day we left. The building itself was not really all that impressive.Overall - great value.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>yopopso
<Content>Perfect for the family ! We live only a few blocks from this resort so my neighbors and I took advantage of the summer rates and booked a Casita that included two bedrooms (2 queens and 1 king) and a downstairs (livingroom, dining, kitchen, powder room, etc..). We had 6 adults and three kids. Plenty of room for all. The kitchen came with a half size fridge so we could store drinks, food, etc... and not have to pay the resort prices all the time. The casita was nice and located on a little street that resembled a real neighborhood with the houses, tree lined streets and carports. This weekend over the 4th of July was very popular and the number of guests must have been approaching capacity. However, the number of seperated pool areas, restaurants, activity areas spread everyone out so no single area was overcrowded. Everyone had a very nice time, especially the little ones.The main pool could use a bit of a face lift but that is the only thing that needed some improvement.The service was excellent. I think they must have required everyone on the payroll to work that weekend as there were staff constantly running somewhere doing something. Towels were always stocked, food service was served hot and with as smile, staff members regularly asked if there was anything else the could do, the rooms were cleaned well and on time, we all felt very well taken care of.I would certainly return to this resort in the future and give it 4 stars (above average).  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>BevNewYorkCity_NY
<Content>Skip it The draw for our family was the pool, tennis, and kid's club. FORGET IT! We could not entrust our two children to teenagers who ignored or addressed my husband and I by saying room number instead of hello. The tennis courts were padlocked and no one knew where to find the keys.In addition, our room had a broken bathroom door and missing lamp bulbs. We checked out early.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>lac14
<Content>Decent property, not great for business travelers Stayed in the Hilton Squaw Peak for a week on a business stay, and thought it was a decent looking property, but not at all set up to my unique needs as a business traveler.- The property is really spread out: it is a car ride or five minute walk to get from registration to my room, and another walk to the gym or pool.- No concierge lounge: if you want to have a breakfast and are used to hotels having a concierge lounge for Diamond VIP travelers, you'll have to go to the restaurant and be seated, which is a lot slower when you just need to grab and go.- Gym closes early: it runs from 5am until 8:30, which just doesn't work for me as I often want to work out after 9 or 10pm after a long day of work or after dinner.- No lap pool: there is a pool large enough to do laps, but I tried to enter at 5:30am and they said it doesn't open until 8am. Again does not work for the schedule of a business traveler.So the hotel may work for you if you are on vacation with your family, but as I spend many nights a year in a hotel, this hotel lacks the basic amenities that I look for in a hotel to meet my needs for convenience and exercise.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	2	

<Author>oceansavenue
<Content>Made for a great vacation! We spent a week at the resort and loved it. We have two boys, 7 and 9, and they had so much fun just swimming! The rooms are nice and spacious, and the grounds were clean. There were always clean towels available at the pools. Housekeeping was timely and did a good job of keeping our room tidy. Check in and Check out were easy. My only recommendations to the hotel would be to offer free high speed internet connections and possibly consider putting microwaves and/or minifridges in the rooms. We were so pleased we will be back for future vacations. I would highly recommend this resort to families with children of all ages as there is a toddler pool, a water slide, and two bigger pools to choose from.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MacMoose
<Content>Nice Stay Overall I was traveling as a single woman, and found this hotel more than satisfactory on most counts. I stayed in South Pointe, and was a little nervous about using the elevator at night because the lighting was so poor both from the parking area and, especially, up on the 4th floor. I hope they will consider improving the lighting as soon as possible.As for my suite, I couldn't have been more comfortable. Even the prints on the walls were interesting and atttractive. I felt pampered with the bedding, the furniture, and my own living room. Early in the morning, I enjoyed the canopy view of the tree-tops from my balcony, and even took some pictures of the birds in the trees.The water park was awesome!! Even grown-ups without kids were enjoying the pools and the lazy river. The big pool with the waterfall was wonderful, and you could quickly cool off under that.Prices at the Slim Pickens Grill were rather high - $16 for a hot dog and a pina colada smoothie, but it was convenient. The Hole in the Wall restaurant was very good. I had a nice dinner of ribs (mouth-watering), with the best biscuits I've had in a long time. Breakfast was also good, and the staff was very friendly.The conciege was very helpful, and had printed-out directions for the Heard Museum and the Car Rental Return at the airport. The location of the hotel made it easy to travel anywhere in the area.All in all, I had a great stay, and would definitely return again someday.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ccollman
<Content>The Good and the Bad Stayed here on Friday and Saturday night over Father's Day weekend with my wife and two children, ages three and eight. First the good:1) The recently-completed renovations are beautiful. The guest rooms are spacious, modern, clean and well-appointed. The grounds are very nice.2) The check-in process was smooth and efficient and the front desk clerk was very friendly. A bellman offered to take our luggage and show us to our room.3) The water park was great! The main pool, lazy river, jacuzzi and tad pool (for the wee ones) were fun and the kids and I had an awesome time.Now the bad:Food service is atrocious at this resort. Nearly every experience we had with food was a bad experience. From poor service, long wait times and poor food quality, the food and beverage department at this resort needs a major overhaul.For example, we went to breakfast at the Hole In The Wall on Saturday morning and had the breakfast buffet. The eggs were powdered, the biscuits were rock hard (inedible), the bacon was hard, dry and chewy, etc. Not very good.On Saturday evening for room service, we ordered the special Family Summer Splash Pizza, Salad, Wings and Soda combo, at a cost of over $43. It took over an hour for the food to arrive, the pizza was luke warm, the wings had been burnt and had black spots on them, the salad for four was actually only enough lettuce for one adult, and the room service attendant made no effort to apologize for any delay. I ended up calling the room service line and asking for more salad, which I got.On Sunday morning, I went to the gift shop to get a cup of Starbucks coffee. When I pumped it out of the airpot, it was lukewarm. When I asked if they had a microwave to warm it up in, I was told there wasn't one in the gift shop and that if I wanted hot, fresh coffee, I should go to the lobby where they might have some there. It was only after I complained about the coffee not being hot or fresh that the lady offered to brew another pot.These are just a couple of examples of the problems with the food service at this resort. Which is too bad because the rest of the resort is absolutely worth the money. We got a special $123 per night local summer rate, and I know there are rates as low as $79 per night during the week.The only other issue was the high number of summer teen employees working there that didn't seem too interested in anything other than running around together and having a good time. I encountered several, at various times throughout my stay, that ran past me, one that ignored my request for information (he just looked at me as he walked past and never responded) and another that didn't know what hours the tennis courts were open till and didn't offer to find out.Despite these issues, I would recommend this resort, and do plan to return with my family, but will be keeping a close eye on the food service and may even go out to restaurants off of the resort grounds to eat while there.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>chris_cmr68
<Content>Average We arrived on the 24th of may, and first impressions were average. Nothing really stood out.As it was bank holiday in America, the hotel was packed full of people, and out rooms had to be moved, so they upgraded us to 'Palacio del Este' which was abesolutely georgous. The service is outstanding, but the hotel in general was poor. The River Ranch was full and there were a school full of kids going there on a trip, which i found abesolutely outrageous as its a hotel not a theme park!I would reccomend going to eat at 'Gallahers' opposite the hotel, which is a sports bar. The Fasion square mall and Chandler mall are also great.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	2	3	4	1	

<Author>jalpnco
<Content>Great for Families The hotel has a great pool area and caters to families. Suites are spacious and comfortable. Room service is quick and decent. Location is good for business as the hotel is right off the highway, 10 minutes from downtown Phoenix and 5 minutes from the Camelback/Biltmore area. It can be a good value mid-week during the non-peak season offering business travelers an alternative to a standard hotel room.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>lchjr
<Content>This Was a Good Value We stayed in the main building at the Squaw Peak for three days in April, and took advantage of a Spring special at $99/night (Sunday night stay required). At this rate, the resort was a very good value. It shows some age on the exterior courtyards, and should not be considered a true luxury property. But our double queen suite was very nicely furnished and quiet. The concierges and other staff were quite positive in their approach to guests.This would be a good place for a vacation with kids, as the free water park includes several large pools, a waterfall, and one of the longest lazy rivers we've ever seen. Each of the buildings also has its separate pool. Another plus for me was that the hotel is very close to the Arizona Canal, which is a great place to run or bike. One negative is that this hotel, unlike the other Pointe Hilton resorts in the area, does not have a gourmet restaurant. Its two restaurants are just average. The service at one of the restaurants at breakfast was so bad that I complained to the manager and we got our meal free. The other restaurant (at the water park) was fine for breakfast. However, there are numerous excellent restaurants within a 10-15 minute drive from the hotel.Overall, a bargain for the price and it still would have been OK at a higher price.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>rgibz
<Content>Great Place for Families I have stayed at this property twice, and in fact we are going back this weekend. The main appeal is that it is family friendly, has child care (a day camp) on site and also the nice water park. Most of the rooms have been renovated, except they left the popcorn ceilings. Another nice feature is the separate bedroom in the suites. The outside of the property feels dated circa 1970's, but it is solid, large and quiet. I never had a problem with noise. One tip: get a courtyard view room in the FRONT of the North bldg. it overlooks a pretty pool and fountain and is quieter than the South bldg. the pool also gets mostly adults.This is not the best hotel for a romantic getaway, but if you have kids and want to have fun, it's great. The food is fine--not gourmet but fine. the only thing I did not like was no Wifi-you have to pay $12 per 24 hours for Internet service, which I find tacky. For those without kids or wanting a more upscale feel try the Pointe Hilton South Mtn or for really intimate, The Palms resort in Scottsdale.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	1	

<Author>BL24
<Content>The updated Casitas are great! I stayed at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak May 1-3 on a business trip and was able to book a low pre-pay rate thru the Hilton website. Upon check-in, I was upgraded from a king room to a king Casita since I'm a Hilton Diamond member. The first Casita they gave me smelled old and musty and looked very dated so I called the front desk to see if I could get a casita that didn't smell. They switched me to a newly renovated Casita which was leaps and bounds better than the initial one I had. New, contemporary furnishings, flat screen TV, new carpet, updated bathrooms-granite countertops, etc. Great view of the mountains from the upstairs bedroom. I really liked having a covered parking space-almost like a garage to keep your car out of the hot sun. The pools are terrific and the property is beautiful. I found the property to be very quiet and it felt like we were miles away from the city even though the airport and downtown Phoenix are both about 15 minutes away w/o traffic. The staff at Hole in the Wall was very friendly and eager to please. Good breakfast there too. I really hope to be able to return to this hotel again soon. One of the more impressive Hiltons I've visited.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>limacharlie145
<Content>Weekend Getaway We traveled as a family of three in May. Here are the pro's and cons of the hotel...Pro's...1. Lots of pools. Most are very kid friendly. One was in the middle of all the rooms. I twas small, had thick padded chairs and two hot tubs.2. Very clean. My wife has horrible allergies, but didn't have a problem while we were there. 3. They allowed us to check in very early. 4. Lots of activities for kids.5. Wide variety of places to eat on property.6. Very well maintained property.7. 10 -15 mins from Sky HarborCons...1. I had to fix the toilet when we got there as the handle was about to come off.2. One of the handles to the french doors was missing... Not a big deal, but it looked rather tacky.3. Two queen beds were crammed into a VERY small space, which left only a small entrance to the bathroom. 4. The pool towels at the main pool complex were HORRIBLE!! Just picture the worst bath towel you can imagine, and that is what was available at the pool.5. Service at the main restaurant, Lantana was EXCRUCIATINGLY slow because only one person was working a very large area. We had to get our own silverware and track down our waiter to pay our bill. The restaurant was just understaffed. Our waiter did the best he could. He was just over worked...6. Lots of local high schoolers invading the pool complex. 7. NO WiFi in the rooms!! Come on!!!All in all, it was an acceptable place for us to stay. A weekend trip was enough for us...  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	3	1	

<Author>cujo31
<Content>Good place for meeting, not holiday I booked for a relaxing weekend and was rather disappointed. This would be a great place for a meeting but is not much of a resort. My room was off in the middle of nowhere, in a bland hotel wing near nothing. The restaurants were nothing special though they did offer a small variety of food and it did not seem difficult to get a table anywhere.I walked over to the central part of the resort which centers around a waterpark and that seemed to appeal to families so I would recommend for that. The spa was uninspired, and a bit pricey.I may be a bit jaded because I spent the earlier part of the week at the Wigwam which was a lovely resort with food so good I could dream about it!  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>law&order
<Content>Another Outstanding Stay! I stayed at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak 4/25-4/28. This was my second trip to this hotel. The first was in March during spring training when me and several buddies went down. This time it was me, significant other, 6 year old, and grandma. We had yet another amazing stay! We stayed in a one bedroom casita and found the accomodations fantastic. The casita was clean, nice, and very quiet. We stayed at the resort and played by the pool the whole time. All of the staff we encountered was friendly and helpful. The pool was great! This is 100% a family friendly and fun hotel! The little one and grandma played the putt putt golf course too and it was great. We ate at the hole in the wall restaurant one night and it was good, but a bit expensive. The campfire and outdoor band on Friday night was great too. The entire resort grounds are well kept and very nice. I can't say enough good about this Hilton property. The value is great, service is great, and location outstanding. You will not go wrong staying here. This was my second trip here and I will return and would recommend to anyone without hesitation!  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mjames
<Content>Relaxing I stayed at this property on business. I was in building 28, which upon arrival seemed undesirable. There were plenty of parking spaces in front of the building, but no elevator which left me hauling my luggage up the steps. The room had some signs of wear and tear, but was very clean. The mini-bar was well stocked but expensive (I suggest stopping at a grocery and picking-up whatever you will need). I liked the bathroom layout (shower/toilet on one side with door and sink/vanity on the other). The robe provided was light and comfortable. My balcony overlooked the dumpsters and service area, but I soon was accustomed to listening to the hotel employees conversing below (some of it was very entertaining). The first evening I walked to The Falls Water Village and enjoyed the sunset while having fish tacos for dinner (these tacos are amazingly delicious). The staff was very accomodating and professional. The following morning I made my way to the fitness room (be sure to refer to your map before leaving the room). The fitness room is like a small gym (very well equipped). Breakfast at Pointe In Tyme was nice with great service. After my meetings I visited the adult pool (great feature - no kids running and splashing - just peace and quiet with comfortable lounge chairs). Room service that evening was timely and delicious. At the end of my stay I felt like I had taken a mini-vacation. I look forward to returning to this property.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>spookykennedy
<Content>Great location, nice resort We booked a one bedroom suite here on Hilton's site for a decent rate. After reading some reviews, I was a bit nervous, but upon arrival, we found the resort to be in great shape and our room had been recently renovated. The main pool was a lot of fun, and although our kids weren't with us, we really enjoyed the lazy river, slide and pools. Everything is convenient. My only complaint was lack of breakfast options, but it wasn't a big deal. The website had said the room had a refrigerator, but the fridge was actually the mini bar stocked with items. We did notice some areas that needed repair, such as large missing pieces from the side of the pool in places, paint needed, etc. It's an older resort, but the landscaping was nicely maintained. We enjoyed the central location and spent a lot of time in Scottsdale. Ask the concierge for pre-printed directions to area malls and attractions, as well as movie times, etc. All in all we would stay here again, it was a perfect place to meet my friend for a 3 day getaway.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StarPortland
<Content>We loved it! We went down to Phoenix for the weekend on April 18-20 to escape the unseasonably cold weather in Oregon and I booked this hotel based on the reviews on Trip Advisor. It was definitely a GREAT place to stay for a quick getaway. For $150/night, it included nice amenities. We had a suite in the main building and it was nice and clean. We also loved the River Ranch where you can just float down the river in inner tubes, swim, just lay out by the pools, go down the waterslide, or eat/drink. We just hung out around the different pools all weekend and just went out for dinner/shopping in the evenings. It also had quick and easy access to the freeway and we were pretty central to everywhere we wanted to go. I also like that it's not a massive property where it takes forever to get to your room/food/pool. It's just the right size. We're expecting a baby this year and although it was a great place for just the 2 of us, it's an even better place for kids. We plan on coming back there every year as an annual tradition, especially with kids.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PJMullen
<Content>Nice Place but not as advertised. We stayed here over our Spring Break 4/13 through 4/20, with my husband and 2 children ages 8 and 10.Upon arrival, check in was quick and easy. I asked for a first floor room with a pool view but even though I requested 4 mos. prior they could not accommodate. We had a 3rd floor room with partial view of the pool. The rooms were perfect for a family. Two very comfortable queen beds, separated by a pocket door from the bathroom/toilet area, then doors again which separated the living area. This was perfect to put kids to bed and we could still watch tv. Also, my husband the snorer was kicked out into the living area/pull out couch so the rest of us could sleep and we never heard him.The balcony is so small and awful view, we didn't sit out there even once. I knew there was no refrigerator so we purchased a cooler at Walgreens right down the street and bought milk, juice, cereal and fruit so we didn't have to waste time or money going out to breakfast in the morning. We bought a big cooler and then just sent it home as luggage on the way home.The resort is very nice, well kept and beautiful. Very large palm trees and beautiful flowers. The pool area is also nice. The water temp was cool and several adults were complaining that it would have been nice to have it a few degrees warmer (it may have been 78 degrees or so). The water slide was very fast and the kids loved it. My kids also enjoyed the putt putt, though some of the holes could use a lift. We all played tennis one morning an d that was fun too. My major complaint about this place is that, I booked it due to the multitude of organized kids activities so that my husband and I could relax some. Apparently Spring Break had just ended in AZ so they scaled back on what they offered. There was a board posted at every hotel area indicating there would be pool activities every day at 10, 11, 1, 3, and 5 which included races, basketball games, water volley ball, slide races, watermelon eating contests, hoola hoop contests etc. Well we were there for seven days and there were two hoola hoop contests and one slide race. (that was it for the week). We continuously asked the pool staff when the next activity would be. They just had excuse after excuse. I realize Spring Break ended for them but the vacationers were on their Spring Break. My kids were very good at keeping themselves busy but after a few days it would have been nice if someone could have organized some activities for the kids. Even though I loved this place, this really irked me!!!!!We ate at the Hole in the Wall, very mediocre and pricey. The food at the pool was pricey. However, an adult sandwich was chock full of meat and kept all of us happy well until dinner. Most sandwiches were $9. Beers were $5 and up and mixed drinks around $8.We walked to Aunt Chiladas one night which was very good. Also Gallaghers across the street (pub food), sports bar which was good. Lantana Grille was very good. There are two hotel courtyards each with a pool and swim up bar. Both swim up bars were closed the whole week (also weird and disappointing), We enjoyed using these pools later in the day which was much quieter than the water park and very comfy chairs. AS there was no service here, we just packed a cooler and brought our own drinks,.No night life here to speak of. IN the past we have done an all inclusive vacation, where there is entertainment at night and then the adults sit around and socialize a bit. There was none of that here. The resort was quiet by 9:00.The fitness room is fantastic. New modern equipment, classes offered, it couldn't have been better.We went to the Grand Canyon one day and made it in 3 1/2 hrs. . Cut through Flagstaff and it shaves a little of the trip. Also went to Sedona one day. Awesome!! You have to do the Pink Jeep Broken Arrow tour as everyone says. Pricey but well worth it.All in all a good trip. The staff at the front desk and concierge could not have been better. Due to the lack of activities though I will probably go somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>AZFamilyOf4
<Content>nice experience with only a couple flaws We stayed in a studio room nestled among larger casitas for our anniversary. Note that almost all of the rooms at the Pointe are suites, but a few like ours are not. Though small, we really enjoyed our room. The room was clean, the bed was fluffy and soft, and the location of our room was in a quiet area away from most of the traffic. One thing you may want to consider is that quarters are tight in the shower, and tall people may have a problem with this. Unlike the casitas, the studios do not have an assigned parking spot. We didn't have a problem though since there are some open spots you can use. Overall we really enjoy staying here because of the comfortable rooms and the beautiful grounds.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>travel_with_j_and_l
<Content>Great location The best thing about this hotel is where it is located in Phoenix. I stayed as a business traveler who needed easy accessibility to downtown during the time. BUT, as a former Phoenician, it also gave me great access to all the things I loved about living in Phoenix: the Biltmore shopping area, Scottsdale Fashion Square, Camelback and Squaw Peak. It is enough out of the way to give you the resort feel, but still in the midst of everything. Although I enjoyed my stay, some business travelers may find that this hotel is a little too family-oriented for them. I was there during the last week of spring training and it was P-A-C-K-E-D. However, I was still able to enjoy the property. As a business traveler, it is important to me to be able to maintain a fitness routine. The Hilton Squaw Peak has a very nice fitness center and I didn't ever find it to be too crowded at peak evening hours. I was told that it was recently updated, so everything was in great shape. (Only suggestion I have for the hotel: balance your treadmills...a few were a bit wobbly on their legs!) Plenty of cardio machines and an extensive weight lifting area. Pretty great! Not to mention that you have access to Squaw Peak trails which is a nice bonus for the months when it is cool enough to be outside.The rooms are also quite large, which is great for being able to spread out. I had a suite on the ground floor near the pool / lobby. Even though there were lots of families who were up late, I didn't find it to be a distraction in my room. I also liked that my unit had a patio - which again, is great if it is cool enough to be outside. Thanks for a pleasant stay.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>NormalNancy
<Content>Top Notch Customer Service  We spent a week at Squaw Peak over Spring Break. The service was absolutely impecable. Despite the hotel being COMPLETELY PACKED (sold out w/ every room having families of at least 3 kids each!!), the staff remained positive, patient and friendly. I was very satisfied w/ the room lay-out. EVERY room is a suite and for a family, this is ideal!! When one person woke early or wanted to stay up late, there was a seperate room to accomodate that...really makes for a more comfortable stay!! On a negative note, the resort layout is rather cramped. When you add the crowds of Spring Break, it really was pushing it. The lazy river looked like a rush hour traffic jam! Overall, it was a great trip. I'd like to specifically mention the top notch fitness club. It was clean, modern and the staff were great!! Fitness Director, Keene was our guide on a hotel sponsored hike. He was great!! Kind, fun and professional...what more do you want in an employee!! Bottomline...this is a really great hotel, but be prepared for crowds at peak times. Maybe the crowds mean this hotel is doing something right!!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>okirk99
<Content>Fairly Nice Resort We recently stayed at the Pointe Hilton, and have stayed there, quite a few times. We enjoy going to the water park. They could use some help there, because the service is slow. If you want to get some decent chairs, you need to get out there early. People do reserve their chairs with towels, although there is a sign, saying not to do that.We ate breakfast at the Hole in the Wall twice, and the food is not the best. Being gold members, we get 2 free continental breakfasts and we upgraded to bacon and eggs. You can upgrade to the buffet for $5. Make a reservation if you want to eat there.We got upgraded to a king casita, which is nice, although the 2 queen casita is nicer. It has a door upstairs into the room, where as the king casita does not. So you can hear the TV going downstairs. And the sleeper sofa has a thin mattress and it is very uncomfortable. My 8 year son didn't mind it though.We will go back to this hotel, but I would like to see a few improvements.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nyctraveler24
<Content>Good, but not GREAT experience We -- two adults and a near-teen -- visited Squaw Peak at the height of the spring break/spring training season, so it was packed. For the most part, we had a great time, but there were some annoying gaps in service/quality.The hotel is all suites (although small with no fridge), most seem to have been done over very nicely, with very comfortable beds and solid quiet construction. But if you have a bad back, get three people to help you unfold the fold-out couch!The River Ranch water complex was great, with mulitple pools, tennis, fairly boring miniature golf, and faux lazy river and waterslide (with great smoothies at the pool bar). However, at opening time, there was a long line of people waiting to get in, and the gate was understaffed. Concierge staff was incredibly knowledgable and helpful (thank you, Dave, Joan and Carol), with good advice on trips to Sedona and local sites and restaurant choices.The biggest disappointment was the on-property dining, which was mediocre and overpriced. We had opted for the bounce-back breakfast. The vouchers covered only a couple of menu items. The staff at both the family oriented Hole in the Wall and the fancier Lantana Grill kept trying to direct us to the pricey breakfast buffet. At the Hole in the Wall it was awful -- soggy french toast, cold eggs, a few pastries -- more like school cafeteria than good resort. (We DID love the Joshua Stone Band, local bluegrass group that plays Friday nights... worth seeing)The Lantana buffet was better, but more expensive... we would strongly recommend not buying the breakfast plan, and visiting some good local spots, like the 5  Diner nearby.It was annoying that while there was free wi-fi in the lobby, internet access everywhere else was an add-on.All in all, we had a great time... this is NOT a luxury resort, despite the pix, but a middle of the road family resort with nice rooms and a laid back atmosphere... just fix the restaurants!!!!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>bizzyinvt
<Content>A perenial favorite This is the 8th year in a row we have stayed at the Squaw Peak. It is an annual favorite for my boys and me. The rooms are comfortable, the beds comfortable, and the grounds are great. For kids, the pools, lazy river and the water slide are tops. Hours and hours of fun. I do agree with one of the other reviewers, the Squaw Peak is beginning to look a little tired around the edges. The service is still great. I will say, the food prices on campus are a little steep, and the overall price for the room was steep. However, we will be back, again and again......  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>kajomi8
<Content>The Tired Casita We stayed two nights in a casita at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak Resort. Other reviewers have mentioned that the property is upgrading the casitas. They definitely had not made it to this one yet. The unit had a bedroom and bathroom upstairs and a good sized common area downstairs. The spaces were okay but everything was really tired. The carpeting was dated and worn as was the furniture. It may take several visits to the chiropractor to recover from the fold out couch experience.The resort itself is actually pretty nice for a family with kids. The water park, mini-golf and sports courts are nothing fancy but just fine for young kids. We ate one meal at the Hole-in-the-Wall restaurant and it was better than average.The whole resort is a very large facility and if you're in one of the casitas, be prepared for a long walk to get back to the main areas. Also, many of the casitas border a residential street so you don't have the feel that your in a vacation location.All in all, you get about what your pay for which is a decent resort at a decent price.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>offpro
<Content>An ok place to stay. This was the last place we stayed on our trip through Arizona. We payed $206/night and stayed for 2 nights. It's quite a large property and we had a bit of a hike before we found the registration desk. The grounds were beautiful and well kept. Our room was on the third floor of the North building. It was clean and quiet and the beds in this place are AMAZING! Best sleep I had all trip. Our kids loved the waterpark, in fact they never even tried the pool in the buildings courtyard. There is a mini-golf, basketball and tennis courts and several pools on the resort. The mini-golf and tennis courts are available if you pay a fee of $2.95/day, which was reasonable, but we weren't informed untill we checked in.The things we didn't like:We never got a complimentary paper the first morning, and the gift shop was always out. The business centre cost $0.49/min for internet access, something that every other place we stayed at provided for free. The roads around the resort were solid cars at Phoenix rush hour every day. Food was very expensive but hey, it's a resort. We ate off the resort, many restaurants only a short drive away. Also, there was no fridge in our suite (unless there was one in the mini-bar that we didn't open!)Apart from these minor annoyances, we did enjoy the resort. We will probably try another place the next time we are in Phoenix.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	3	2	

<Author>degreemd
<Content>Thanks for the wonderful upgrade! When we arrived at the Squaw Peak peak we were greeted by a very friendly staff and during check-in I asked for a free upgrade (rent a ton of Hilton rooms throughout the year) and the desk manager gave us a WONDERFUL Casita (Town home). Ours had a pool and Hot tub attached to it that could be used by the public, but it was very quiet and felt like it was just ours to use. Unit # 3243. Our unit had a kitchen, 2 bathrooms, and a nice dresing area. The bedroom had a king sized COMFY bed and it seemed clean. A little outdated and one of the windows was too high to reach the blind leaving a direct view into our bathroom at night (wouldn't want to be spotted naked). It also had a water fountain outside by the pool and we slept perfectly to the sound of the water. This is a great place for Kids and families, but still quiet enough for just the two of us. We strolled around the property and it has a very cool water park, mini golf, and fun stuff for the kids. You can't bring food or bevs from the outside into the pool area so a few drinks in the sun can get a little pricey. It was to chilly to use the waterpark for a couple of adults, but the kids were having a blast.We did eat at the Hole in the wall rest and the food was very good. I just didn't get the feeling that it was very clean in there.Walgreens is just down the street and they have a liquor store attached so you can find all your needs there.We ate at a fun rest called The Fish Market just a few exits down on 51S and it was VERY good! The chef changed a few things for us and didn't mind. (I like Pasta instead of rice). Although, they had security and so that made me a little uneasy about the area.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>Travel_Pro55
<Content>Outstanding in all respects Over the past couple of years, aging parent issues have taken me to Phoenix frequently, so I've had the opportunity to try several hotels in the metro area. After my most recent two-night stay, the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak Resort is my new favorite. Itéˆ¥æªš an éˆ¥æ¸ll-suiteéˆ¥?property with lots to recommend it.Our plane landed just before noon and, after a couple of grueling flights, my wife and I wanted to freshen up and eat a decent meal before seeing my folks. When I called the hotel, the front desk clerk was very helpful and confirmed that the suite they'd set aside for us was indeed ready, so we headed straight for the resort.Upon check-in, which was handled very smoothly, we were informed of the resort option package, which provides a number of amenities (including fitness center access, spa discounts, and local phone calls) for $2.25 a day. As Hilton HHonors members, we were also given two complimentary bottles of water.After freshening up, we headed to the Hole in the Wall Restaurant for lunch. This was a bit nostalgic for me, as I grew up in Phoenix and friends and I had frequented the Hole in the Wall at its original location in its early days. The food was (and still is) basic burgers, sandwiches, and quesadillas, but well prepared and reasonably-priced (especially considering itéˆ¥æªš in a resort). The service was also excellent.Thus fortified, we set off to see The Parents.Over the next several days, our two-room suite became our sanctuary. It included a separate living room and bed room, robes (without having to ask), a very comfy bed, the fluffiest towels I have used in a long time (at home or away), a balcony, a well-stocked mini-bar, and some of the best in-room coffee I've in a long time. While our room was in one of two multi-story buildings, the resort also offers casitas - single story structures away from the larger buildings and adjacent conference center.While the property has four restaurants, we only ate at the Hole in the Wall. However, we did use room service, which was also prompt, polite, and provided well-prepared fare.There are several pools available, including a small water park adjacent to the Hole in the Wall. And even though a fair number of kids were present at the hotel, it was overall very quiet.Plenty of free parking and easy access to the rest of Phoenix make this a winner in my book. Without a doubt, we will be back.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ABQgal
<Content>Always have a great time here! The Squaw Peak Resort is a wonderful place for families. We never get bored with all the pools, lazy river, etc. Plus, it's reasonably priced. That's because it's probably due to be updated. It's a Hilton, and it's not bad at all. The rooms are nice. I think they're all suites, which is great for a family. They are very clean and decorated nicely, albeit a bit outdated. There are a few maintenance issues going on, but we easily overlooked that, and our kids couldn't care less. They had a blast!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>MsSnoop
<Content>Takes time to get it right We picked the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak based on the success of their sister property - Tapatio Cliffs. We were placed into a 4th floor room that had ants running above the window and in the closet. After calling the front desk, they sent someone who sprayed. Ants were gone. Bathroom sink didn't have hot water, but the shower did. TV had a high pitched whine, that didn't go away after muting it. Both issues were reported to maintenance and repaired on the second day.Beds are very comfortable. Pretty quiet property. Limited menu selections in both restaurants. Hole in the Wall is kid friendly western style. Lanina Grill is a little too upscale for breakfast, but delicious and friendly during dinner.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Goldrusswoman
<Content>Nice hotel, but a labyrinth I was here for a conference (paid $199 per night). The hotel itself is beautiful---lots of attention to detail with fountains, plants, architecture. I believe that every room is a suite---a living room with a pull out couch, TV, and mini bar, a middle area with the bathroom, and a bedroom and lanai. Room was quite clean, bed comfy, and new looking linens. I think I must have had one of the newly remodeled rooms---very nice. They seems to have an abundance of conference rooms and meeting areas that are quite nice. Cons*The bathroom towels were tired looking and scratchy.*The swimming pool is in a center courtyard and is small and shallow. Great for dipping, but not doing laps, and if kids were around it would be quite noisy. It looks like only one side gets sun at a time, which could be a problem if the hotel is busy. (I didnéˆ¥æª› visit the hoteléˆ¥æªš waterpark.) *They had a lot of rain the days before I arrived. I heard some fellow guests complain about leaks in their rooms. My only experience (on the 4th floor) were some small ants in the bathroom.*My biggest complaint is that the hotel is laid out like a labyrinth, with lots of little, dark walkways. I kept getting confused as to where I was and how to get to my room, the main lobby, and the rooms where my meetings were. Each turn looks like itéˆ¥æªš éˆ¥æ¸¨rongéˆ¥?because it looks like a service ally, not like a main path, and the elevators are strangely located and even hidden in some cases. Although at night the property had nice mood lighting, given the small dark passageways during the daytime, at night it was creepier. Granted I was on my own---but if I were here with my husband I can see that it would have been romantic.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dclsteve
<Content>Need to complete the refurb quick! Stayed here for a few days in January and paid an additional fee to stay in a Casita. The fee was verbally given as $75 for the whole stay but on check out we the charge was $375! The Casita itself was well past its sell-by date. It rained one night and water came in through the balcony door, and generally the decor was in a poor shape. To give Hilton some credit they are going through a refurb programme so I guess the one I had was on the list.January is probably not the best month to be there as a lot of the facilities were shut but the overall impressing was that it would suit a low budget family holiday.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Hemicoronet
<Content>More than I expected Just came back from 5 days with my wife, son (16) and daughter (12). We were very impressed with the resort with it being rated as a 3 star resort. I am sure in its earlier days (before the Phoenician's and Boulders came to be) this was the place to go. We were somewhat hesitant to book a 3 star resort but came away very pleased and would stay here again.We paid $161/night with AAA and found that to be a good price for the room/resort. We had a two, queen bed casita with a pullout out couch in the common area. We spent sometime in the on-site waterpark (the waterslide was not open and we should have been told about this upfront) and had a nice time there with the kids. Coming from Mass. the weather was great (mid 60's) and certainly pool weather for us!Ate two meals (one dinner and one breakfast) at the Off the Wall restaurant on the property and found the food was ok and very pricey. Would suggest you eat off the property. By the way...there was rattesnake listed as an appetizer on the menu at Hole in the Wall. The waiter brought out a frozen rattlesnake from the kitchen. The kids loved that!There was renovation going on at the fitness center and they had temporary quarters (no charge to use) and had plenty of equipment. The new facility looks fabulous (I wish it was done for us..oh well). Other than that we saw very little renovating happening. My sense is that our casita had been renovated sometime in the past year. It smell very fresh and was very clean.The staff was great and friendly, particluarly the concierge.Tip of the trip: Make a dinner resrvation at Sam's Cafe. One of the best meals we have ever had.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oklahomasooner00
<Content>Terrible serve The resort looks nice from the outside, but once you get inside you can tell that they are undergoing a major renovation. We booked a 2 bed room casita over the phone for 3 days to accomodate 4 adults and 2 young children. When we arrived the guy took us to a casita and told us that we were in luck because this was a remodeled casita. Then he couldn't get the key to work, so he called up to the front desk and they told him that it wasn't quite finished yet. Then he took us to another casita, this one was not remodeled so we were a little dissapointed but not completely unhappy until we realized that it was only one bedroom. I informed the guy that it was not a 2 bedroom that we had booked over the phone and he had the nerve to ask me are you sure you booked a 2 bedroom. There was one queen sized bed and a full size pull out couch for 6 people. He then called the front desk again and they informed him that all 2 bedroom casitas were occupied. The guy then told us we could have 2 regular hotel rooms that were close to one another. I specifically booked a casita because I have a 1 year old who would need a refridgerator to store milk for his bottles. Also the bedrooms are upstairs so when my 2 kids take naps we can sit downstairs and watch tv or talk. So we stayed in the 1 bedroom casita for one night and after 1:00 the next day we loaded up all are things and moved to a 2 bedroom casita. This casita was not remodeled and the carpet was ripped in various locations. Oh and the elcetricity kept going out and we would have to have someone come and fix the fuse. After the all the trouble we went through trying to get our room correct the night before, they guy told us that he would get us vouchers for one of the restaurants. That never happened. Don't eat at the Latina grill the food is overpriced and the service is terrible. We didn't try any of the other restaurants after that. The pool area looked nice but it was a little too cold for us to try them out. This resort could be nice after the renovation is complete and they get some people who know what there doing at the front desk.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>h0lym0ly
<Content>Good value for your money My husband and I picked this resort because it was reasonably close to our son's baseball tournament. Last year we stayed at the Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs and loved it. Thought we would try this one for a change and liked it's proximity to the freeway to get to the ballpark. We particularly liked the spacious private casita. We had a pool and hot tub right outside our door and it was never busy. We managed to squeeze in one afternoon floating down the Lazy River and going down the water slide. Great fun in the very hot sun! Ate one night in the hotel's Lantana Grille and it was okay. Another night we wandered down the street about 2 blocks and stumbled on the best Italian food in a restaurant called Tutti Santi. From the outside it doesn't look like much, but inside is great and we had a really fun evening there. Because the hotel is close to the freeway, it was easy to dine in other areas and we had a fabulous dinner at Roy's in Scottsdale. At this hotel we liked the spacious rooms which included a kitchen and we like the proximity to the freewy. At Tapatio Cliffs we liked the scenery, the layout of the resort in the cliffs, and the more adult-oriented facilities including the great bar by the big pool. The rooms at Tapatio Cliffs were smaller than casitas but they were very nice and we liked being able to keep our sliding door open all night. Although we really liked Squaw Peak, I think next time we will return to Tapatio Cliffs.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>BAWStokeonTrent
<Content>Everything and more Just returned from 3 weeks stay and cannot find any faults with this fantastic hotel.Arrived very late and room swapped from double to twin suite with no problems.Really excellent standard suite, with the best beds ever and 2 large screen TV's.Very quiet. We were in the South Pointe on the 3rd floor, which was the top floor on the side we were at, so why it's called a Tower I don't know.Lovely aspect overlooking Squaw Peak Mountain on one side and gardens on the other.Very quiet.Just a short stroll to The Hole in Wall for a great breakfast , then a stroll around the waterpark and maybe a go on the putting green, with an impossible Hole 17!!! for no extra charge...Perfect way to start the day!The whole place was immaculate .The Casitas were being renovated and when we return I think we will stay in one as they looked fabulous with very large outdoor patios and balconies although the suite we had was more than big enough for 2 of us a balcony big enough for sunbeds would have been a treat, but ours did have a table and 2 chairs.Also ,not mentioned on the hotel website, there are 3 laundry areas with washer and tumble dryers, very useful when staying for 3 weeksAll staff were very efficient and more so...David, Carol and Joan on the Concierge Desk were absolute treasures and whatever Hilton pay them it's not enough.Nothing was too much trouble ,directions, maps , things to do , shopping tips bookings for restaurants.They always greeted me by name and even allowed me to use their computer, with no charge ,after I had struggled with the one in the Business Centre.The Online Check-in point in the reception area is worth it's weight as it allowed me to check-in , choose great seats as they are very few 2 seats only, on 747's,and then print Boarding Passes all for free for our return flight ( which I did do for the my flight to Phoenix with BA before I left home)I have to say some of the reviews I had read did worry me but as I had booked before I read them I had to go and I'm so glad I did.Have travelled round the world and stayed in some great places , even The Four Seasons in Las Vegas, but this hotel did not dissappoint.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Dad-with-2-kids
<Content>Would Definitely Return With the Kids Some resorts are great for adults and others great for kids, but this resort seems to do a good job of pleasing both. I came to it solo for a business conference but would definitely come back to it if I return to Phoenix with the family.  Most of the hotel rooms are clustered in the front of the sprawling property at its North Pointe and South Pointe. The rooms in each pointe surround a courtyard with a small swimming pool. The conference rooms are between the two pointes but the hotel desk in the South Pointe.  I was in a nice suite in the North Pointe that would comfortably handle a family of four. There was a living room with a pull-out couch, desk and widescreen for TV/Internet, a bathroom and walkway in the middle, and a bedroom next to a balcony on the other side.  In the back of the property are a four-acre mini-waterpark to the north which is exceptional, a kid's daycamp  Casitas suites in the middle, and a spa which includes a lap pool to the south. The casitas seem to be two story town house-type suites.  The restaurant which is off the front parking lot was not real fancy but good food for a hotel and fine for a family. Note that the waterpark has its own restauant, ice cream shop, etc.  The property has lighted tennis courts but if you want to golf, you have to go four miles away to the sister Hilton property. That other Hilton property also has a fine upscale restaurant (A Different Point of View) which is highly recommended for adults but not really for kids).  The staff was nice and my stay very pleasant. I'll probably be back with the family in the future.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>bryjoejr
<Content>Nice Place to Stay in Phoenix I thought this hotel was very nice. I had a well appointed suite in the North Pointe section which was kept very clean. The resort had a nice pool area with a lazy river and slides, very fun. The public area were showing their age in some respects. Aunt Chilada's was awesome, just down the street from the hotel. Over all I would stay here again!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Dave148
<Content>A Great Stay! We recently returned from a seven night stay at this property. Check-in was a breeze. We had four standard suites and one executive suite. All of our rooms were in the main building. The rooms appeared to be recently rennovated. The beds were comfortable. Good quality linens along with a nice coffee/tea maker. The concierge was very helpful in making dinner reservations. We only ate one breakfast at the Hole In The Wall. Nothing special. I'm not a huge fan of hotel dining. All of our other meals were outside of the property. There are plenty of nearby dining options. The pools looked inviting. However, with the unseasonable cold weather, swimming wasn't an option. We played tennis and basketball on well maintained courts.A great hiking area is about 1 1/2 miles from the property. The hotel provided a map.Check-out was painless. I located one minor mistake on the bill which was promptly corrected. Overall, a nice stay.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>james5171
<Content>construction STILL going on! Noticed on some reviews dating back to 2005 that renovating was going on. But took a chance and scheduled a weekend there (12/14-12/17). Well, 2007 ends with them STILL renovating. We stayed in a Casita which has not been updated. Knew I was in trouble when I opened the door and ran into the bed! Very small. Only 1 small closet and 2 small drawers for clothes. Tiny bathroom. The door leading to the patio (shared by other rooms it appeared) was boarded up! very strange. Wanted to print out a boarding pass on the day we left, but was informed it would cost $3 to use the computer/printer in the 24hr business center. Staff seemed okay though. The pool was empty (probably the time of year),but definately the highlight of the resort! Probably would not return.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Santenay
<Content>Relaxing is The Pointe of a Getaway The Pointe Squaw Peak was a fabulous 3 night getaway. Most things went smoothly. Special thanks to their wonderful concierge who helped with dinner reservations, golf tee times, babysitting service. We reserved a 2 bedroom villa which was very spacious, 2.5 baths, small kitchen, indoor/outdoor seating areas. Of special note is the excellent kids club called Coyote Camp. Our boys loved it, the team running it was super accomodating, and totally on top of the little bundles of energy. Renting a car via the lobby desk was easy. Meals at the hotel were fine. Nice staff. The pool winds around so it is a bit difficult to know exactly where your children are at any given time if they are explorers (but overall it did seem safe). The resort is older so has its charm in that respect; it is not a new ultra luxurious over the top resort. The beds were comfy. I would go back.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	2	5	3	

<Author>Kzoo50
<Content>Nice pool and room. The rooms are very clean and with plenty of space and amenities. The pool is very nice with a lazy river for the kids. Very central location in the greater Phoenix area.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>my2moms
<Content>Great Stay - Boys loved the pools! We are just about to complete our stay of 4 days/3nights. Arrived about 5:15 pm and told we were upgraded to a King exc. suite - it was huge, 2 bathrooms, huge living room with of coure a board room table that would seat 12! Only thing was the sofa was not a pull-out for the boys. So much for the upgrade - went to another King suite, but it overlooked some roadwork and looked like we would trip over the boys so went for a 2 queen suite, 1st one offered was not 2 queens, and with the bell - hop hanging in there found us a 2 queen that we couldn't of been more pleased with. Overlooked the courtyard pool and was on the 4 th floor. Only a few areas have a 4th floor and it was very peaceful. My partner is a HH gold vip so 2 breakfast coupons were included each day. The children's menu at both restaurants is very, very reasonable and plentiful. They have a lot of patio seating but very few umbrellas which is sad as it was too warm to sit in the full sun. We ate at Hole in the Wall our first night - convenient. It had a fire - pit that people were taking advantage of. They now have a resort special for $2.25 a day which includes an extra water park pass per day (not that anyone checks) and local phone calls which i'm using to connect to the internet rather then pay the $9.95 per day use!Pools were fine for the children, oh and fee includes the mini golf now. can't really sit in one spot and see the children all the time, so we found ourselves up and down looking for them even though they are 9 and 13 yrs! In a push we'd come back again but would like to try some other resorts. went to the Different Pointe of View for thanksgiving dinner - what a view, definitely recommended. Glad we didn't stay at the other Hilton, needed a ride upto the restaurant and apparently not much other then a water slide for the kids - now they are spoilt! Mind you they say their most favorite resort was one in Costa Rica - swim up bar where kids are allowed to order their own meals/drinks etc.!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>willie55
<Content>Very Nice..Great for Kids       nice roomm  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>nylads2
<Content>Our family favorite We stayed here in 2006 and LOVED it. Then in 2007 decided to stay at the JW Marriott which is closer to grandma and grandpa's. After two nights we were back at the Pointe Hilton for the rest of our stay. It is very kid friendly and with two children under 7 we really appreciate that the bedroom in the family suite is separate from the living room so we can put the kids to bed and have some time to ourselves. The water park is a lot of fun for all of us and it's nice to also have a regular pool and jacuzzi right where the rooms are. Very good rates too. We have decided that this is our place when we visit Phoenix. Can't be beat!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mzglorybe
<Content>There are better places to stay for the money       Casita in cul-de-sac  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>knotes
<Content>Consistenly comfortable  We stayed at the Squaw Peak Hilton for 2 nights after having stayed there a few years ago. Again we had a very good experience. They seem to be doing renovations on the property, but we were unaffected by any of it.The rooms are a suite style which is great if you are like my husband and I and don't want to necessarily go to sleep at the same time.The bed/pillows were very comfortable and the room was clean and free of any sort of scents/odors. We had family coming in from London and requested a room in the same building. They put us 2 doors down from one another which was very much appreciated.I loved the individual service coffee maker (which makes great coffee!). We didn't use the pool/fitness facility this trip, but have gone to the pool in the past and it's great.Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>djwcruisejunkie
<Content>Great resort! First impressions were great on check-in, nice public areas, helpful staff. Less so on arrival at our suite. We were in North building, elevators out of order, room dark and dingy with ants on counter in drinks area.Things always look better in daylight, and after decent nights sleep! Room still a little dark, but roomy with nice view of small pool, and great to have separate lounge area with TV and fridge, and comfy couch. Clean, good bathroom, comfy bed, internet access point in room.Main pool area excellent, clean and inviting, but disappointed that closed at 6 pm! Was still hot and could have stayed our for several more hours. Lazy river great, relaxing and fun. Biggest problem was finding shaded area to lie down. Food service/choice poor at Slim PIckens around pool area, but can leave and return - as another review said, best to buy the $9 daily access.Hole in wall restaurant - good food, fun country band on Friday night - great to eat, relax and have a drink. Service good, Mexican restaurant at front of resort excellent, good service and good food.Will definitely return  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>tanz1
<Content>Phoenix Family Vacation Okay, so we didn't want to go to the Jersey shore this summer. We decided to go somewhere different, exciting. We booked the Pointe Hilton Sqauw Peak for a week (8/22-8/29). We have 3 children (2, 8, 10). They have a great water park and two wonderful pools. The hotel was clean and everything was well maintained. We decided to go to Sedona for a day. It was beautiful but a bit boring for the kids so we drove to Slide (slip?)Rock State Park. Everyone enjoyed this river slide and the scenery is also wonderful. The kids didn't want to leave. Since we were halfway to the south rim of the Grand Canyon, we decided to go and catch the sunset. On the way, we called inside the park for a hotel room and got lucky. Incredible!!! Pictures can't do it justice. The next day, we took the in-park tour buses at no extra charge - although, the national parks should be free for US citizens, since we pay taxes. we left midday and drove back to Phoenix. A few days later, we made another day trip to Slide rock again. On the way we went to Montezuima's Castle and meteor crater (pretty cool but not worth the $38 for 2 adults and 2 chilldren over 2). I would recommend this adventure for families who enjoy something different. We used frequent flier miles for three airline tickets and Hilton honours points for the hotel stay.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scout44
<Content>Nice rooms. Great pool. I booked this location based on the pool. It's a great pool and has something for everyone. The location is nice too because it's off the main streets. The rooms were very nice and clean. The staff was very friendly and helpfull too. We asked for directions a couple of times and the staff walked us to our destination instead of just pointing. The staff at the Tocasierra Spa was great too. I was disappointed that they were still doing construction on the property. I was also disappointed that they didn't have wireless internet in the rooms. We had to go to the lobby to be able to use our laptops at the same time. Overall it was a good experience for the price.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>backbayusa
<Content>We LOVE this resort This hotel is great for families. We were upgraded to a 2-story casitas, which was spacious and lovely. It had a nice, large living room, and a large bedroom. We even had our own parking space, which was nice and stress-free. The pool area is great. They have a lazy river, waterslide, water volleyball, and mini-golf. The kids also like the western themed restaurant.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>AngelaG
<Content>Good nights rest I booked this from the hotel website and the room was described as a studio not a suite. We found our way easily from Sky Harbour airport and check in was quick and easy and we were directed to the back of the resort and led up some outside steps at the top of which was our room. Apparently it was a lock off to one of the casitas, and as such it had no parking space, but we were able to park on the roadway just outside of the yard area. We were travelling on to Sedona so only wanted a good nights sleep after travelling for 24 hours from the UK.The room consisted of a king bed , night stands, tv, washbasin and separate bathroom. The room was clean, the bed comfortable, the area very quiet and we were very pleased with what we got.The rate of $79 included complimentary continental breakfast, but there were other options on the menu which could be substituted and the difference paid. After breakfast we were able to relax at the pool area before continuing our journey.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Cyndee_7
<Content>A treat for the kids Overall we enjoyed our stay here. The pools made the whole trip worth it, since it was 115 degrees and we had no desire to leave the hotel area. The rooms (in the casitas) were large but the furnishings a little drab and we did find a couple of roaches in the kitchen. A few items would have helped -- like a toaster and maybe a kitchen trash can that could hold more than a cereal box. It would have been nice if the pools had been open a little later than 8 on such hot nights though, and the little pools around the casitas were mobbed, and hot and felt oily. It was nice to have laundry facilities right near the rooms, and the shops were convenient for buying small items. The fitness center was well equipped but the employees were so snooty toward the paying hotel guests that they made us feel very unwelcome. Apparently it is a fitness club for local residents too.We're not terribly fussy, but I think that the rooms could be updated and a little cleaner. The pools also showed signs of wear (chipping tiles) all around the shallow end. On one hot afternoon the whole pool had to be closed (for the night)because a child had gone to the bathroom, so that was a huge disappointment. But generally, our 4 kids had a great time--ages 10-17-- and it was relaxing to sit around the pool and see them easily entertained through most of the 3 days we were there.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>2	5	4	5	3	4	4	5	

<Author>Vegasgal41
<Content>Somehwat Disappointed Although the resort was lush and green and looked inviting from the outside, I was a bit disappointed in the suite itself.As I work in the Hotel and Hospitality industry in Las Vegas, I took notice to certain things regarding the room itself. I was disappointed when I did not see a luggage rack. The waste basket in the powder room had a very narrow opening and in my opinion, wasn't very effective.We stayed in the north building adjacent to the pool area and a couple of the restarants and shopping. However, I felt like the map of the campus was really not to scale since we had to drive all over looking for the Spa and Salon the following morning and hoping we weren't late to out appointment. The building for the Spa and Salon was not signed very well and with the construction going on it was difficult to manuever around the campus.The Spa and Salon was a treat and the staff was very welcoming and made both myself and my sister feel well taken care of and pampered. The Cranberry/Apple ice tea they offered us was delicious.Since I prepaid through Hotels.com and just posted a credit card for incidentals, check out was a breeze however I was disappointed that I wasn't asked how the room was, how are stay was or anything. I also had to report that on the morning of check out, we found ants in the room. The agent made note but didn't seem too concerned nor did she offer apologies.I also didn't notice until I returned home to Las Vegas that evening that I had 4 bites on my foot and ankle. Mosquito, ant or bed bug I don't know but after a week they are still not gone.My overall opinion of the resort is fair and I would score it a 3 but I don't know that I would return.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sacanon
<Content>Under renovation We enjoyed our stay with this Hilton. Our room was being updated. It was very clean. The main pool really made a positive impression on my 5 and 8 year old girls. There were a lot of lifeguards, a big plus given its size. The attractions surrounding the pool were run down. It was not clear if that part is going to be renovated. All in all, it has high potential I would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>2	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JulieAz
<Content>No thanks. Finish your remodeling ! We booked our trip to have our family all together, three generations. First impression was the hotel is under MAJOR construction, taped off loby, much of parking area, roll back dump trailers, etc. We could not easily get into lobby to check in. We met my parents in the lobby who were also checking in at the same time. They were frustrated also. My daughter's family had checked in allready, and we all had notes of requests on our reservations to be in same building. No notes, and had to redo 2 of our rooms after checked in. They missed this. Went to pool area after check in and the entire water park area was a mess of dirt on chairs and patio. Bathroom was DISGUSTING! I also have a pool and live in the area, and fully understand the previous nights diust blowing, but it takes so little to hose things off and the pool chairs. . This is a Hilton hotel, and I have stayed at cleaner Motel 6;s with cleaner pool areas. The pool water was not all that clean looking either, little green looking. Dinner for 4, 3 casadillas and 1 chicken fried steak, 3 drinks, 2 sodas was $85.00 for dinner. Band at pool was ok. Our tub and my fathers tub did not drain. They had no hot water for their shower. No ice machines worked in our north building on the 1st, 2nd, nor 3rd floor. Room service did bring a bucket of ice promptly. The north building elevator scared us to death. We were on the 3rd floor and chose to use the stars, even in the heat. Room was nice for family. We had a king suite. My room check out price was charged higher on my card, in process of getting that rate fixed. We did the express check out from our room, with no using of any extras. Good place for tons of little kids to swim. My 4 grandchildren had a good time ( 2 to 7 years old ). But, we will not return.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	1	2	4	2	

<Author>jcstone47
<Content>Awesom for Having Fun with the Family This is an absolutely beautiful hotel. The grounds are clean and nicely appointed, as are the rooms. The staff is friendly and helpful. I am a Hilton Diamond member, so that is always nice. If you are traveling with children or friends, I highly recommend it. The other Pointe Hilton (Tapatio Cliffs, is only about 5 minutes away, and a better choice If you are staying here for business, a round of golf or with your significant other. The Squaw Peak resort offers a water park and more fun activities and restaurants, but with that brings lots of kids!A hotel like this will keep you going back to Arizona to relax....but watch out...you won't get cell phone reception in many places of this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>babyrosemarys
<Content>Fab-u-lous This hotel is just beautiful. Definitely the cleanest hotel I've ever stay at and I use to work at a Holiday Inn. House keeping was very quick with any request. Front desk was a little slow. Needed more help during check in. Everything else was perfect. The beds and bedding were so comfy. Everyone working there told us it was a 5 hour drive to the Grande Canyon but it's not. My mom, sister and I did it in 4 hours and we stopped to eat along the way. The drive is soooo beautiful the time in the car fly's by. After speaking with other guest we were told to go to Sedona. If you're going to Arizona you must visit this town. It was every bit as beautiful as the canyon. Also, there is a little restaurant called Gallagheréˆ¥æªš across the street from the hotel that I highly recommend. Its a little sports bar with pool tables, video poker and a great menu with very cheap prices! Much cheaper than the hotel restaurants. Hotel gift shop prices were comparable to other local souvenir stores so donéˆ¥æª› bother shopping around. Definitely go to the 5th ave shops in Scottsdale and for those of you who like to party you must visit Barcelona in Scottsdale as well. Dress up, it is a very classy, fun place to party and dance. The River Ranch water park in the resort was also awesome and great for kids. Over all, a perfect place to stay!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>widi76
<Content>supercool hotel in phoenix This place is very nice! Everything is very spacious and the rooms are situated in small casitas. Rooms are perfect clean, offer TV, air condition, Video games and a nice bathroom.The pool area is fantastic. There is a big pool with volleyball net, a very long artificial pool river you can swim along, a sensational water slide and a waterfall. This is perfect for family with kids. The only thing to complain about is, that the pool area closes at 10 pm. Service in the Hilton is above average.Stay there!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>vertresd
<Content>Great place for a family Just returned from a stay this past week. There were two of us traveling with our three year old daughter. our suite was remodeled, and very spacious. My husband likes to stay up late watching television, so we were able to close off the bedroom and sleep without being disturbed by the tv. There was an enormous line at check-in, but the man who checked us in was very friendly and apologized for the wait. Overall, I would say that the staff was very friendly.Room service was lacking, and I would not recommend spending the money on it. There are two places to eat at the River Ranch, which were both good, if a bit overpriced. Beware the extremely high prices for drinks. Previous reviewers have mentioned the crowding at the River Ranch. I would have to agree with them. It appears that people stake out chairs early in the morning, then come and go throughout the day, leaving few to no chairs available. We were able to find chairs by going to the pool in the early evening and staying until they closed. With the 115+ degree heat that Phoenix was experiencing, it worked out well for us not to be out there in the hottest part of the day, anyway. Overall, I would recommend this property to families, due to the activities and the size of the rooms.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>kop4
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We stayed here for 2 nights and really enjoyed the resort. We were in the south section, and the rooms were very clean, comfortable, and well-suited for a family with 2 teenagers. The early risers could section off the room to read or watch TV. The only drawback was the lack of a refrigerator to have cold water, milk, or juice. The pools were nice but bring sandals. The concrete is extremely hot on bare feet. There are no in-room safes but the desk was fairly quick to allow us access to the safes that they provide. The weekend concierge was excellent with recommendations on local restaurants, laundry facilities in the area, and grocery stores to shop for snacks. We would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>squeebee
<Content>Would not stay here again I just returned from a trip with my two children to this hotel. Upon arrival, the front desk staff could not have seemed to care any less if we were there or not. After travelling all day just to get there, and arriving in 111 degree heat, I was hoping for a line that would at least go quickly (it didn't), or at least front desk personnel that seemed to care (they didn't). Even a smile would have been ok. They finally, lazily, called more staff to the front desk after we had been waiting (with two children!) for 10 about minutes.Also, each night that we were there we heard the people in the room above us-- they woke us up with the television, their laughing, and their fooling around. My daughter asked me what those noises were, and I had to make something up to answer her! I told a manager, but he didn't seem to care too much either.The pool area was fun, and we were waited on quickly and often-- that was nice. But people were bringing chairs right into the pool, which I thought was rather dangerous,  the pool staff didn't seem to care about that either. Maybe the heat had gotten to all of the staff, who knows. But I would not recommend staying here to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>EmanneercsAllowed
<Content>Paradise for the preteens I booked this hotel because I wanted to make sure that my 10-year-old enjoyed our quick trip to Phoenix, and TripAdvisor indicated that the PHSPR was a top choice for families. We could not have made a better choice in that regard. He loved the pool, the lazy river, the water volleyball and basketball, and the Saturday night Dive In movie. The pool employees are like camp counselors, young and energetic, with lots of games and contests. He could have easily spent 12 hours a day at the pool if we had let him. We did not have a suite, but our room was spacious, stylishly decorated and much nicer than I expected. The air conditioner was noisy (we're not used to air conditioning) but we had no problem sleeping. We could not hear any noise from the adjoining units, and the resort itself was quiet at night. My only complaint, and it's a minor one, pertains to my observation that many people at the pool were not staying at the hotel. According to my Phoenix friends, resort-crashing is common, but the result was that during the hottest part of the day, the pool was almost unbearably crowded. As a corollary, I had a very tough time finding a place to sit by the pool, as towels covered all the lounges. I was not swimming, just wanting to watch my son, and most of the time I sat on the edge of the pool because all the chairs were reserved--even though no one ever came to sit in them. It was annoying, and since the pool management doesn't seem to care about this practice, my advice to anyone planning to stay at the PHSPR is to show up when the pool opens and place towels on at least twice as many chairs as you think you might need. All in all, a pleasant getaway, and a huge hit with my boy.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Angie2117
<Content>Excellent resort for family and to relax We spent 4 nights in one of their casitas. The casita was so well kept up, service by housekeeping was great, twice a day. The resort was very private and quiet. Our 18 mo old had a great time at the water park which was never over crowded. We ate at all of the restaurants and food was fantastic. The nearby preserve was great for taking a jog or walk in the morning. Fitness center was very nice also. Very kid friendly, but also adult oriented. Many of the pools were very private and quiet. One of the best things is that it is very close to the airport as well as Scottsdale and major shopping. Very easy to get to.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DanRenee
<Content>Nice resort Stayed 4 nights in late April. Found the grounds, facilities, and rooms in good condition. Staff was very friendly and helpful - what is expected at a Hilton property.The buildings are not brand new, but they are well maintained. Recommend upgrading to the Casitas - much more room than standard suites and worth the extra cost. Small pools located throughout the grounds are an extra bonus when the main pool is closed. Restaurants are excellent for breakfast - did not try for other meals.Would stay here again.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>usmom
<Content>Great fun for families I just got back from a week stay at the Hilton. We had a very comfortable suite that slept 2 adults and 2 children. Live music from the Lantana was a problem but was remedy only by turning on the A/C. The resort is an excellent choice for 2 active kids age 6 and 9. The water slide, lazy river, main pool, mini golf and tennis are all situated in its own campus. This made it very manageable to due a variety of activities in a day. Also, there were at least three additional organized kid contests per day like a balloon toss and slide race. Staff and pool crew were friendly and helpful. The pool food and Hole in the Wall dining choices were fine and what is to be expected with good deals for kids meals. Although, the prices for soda, ice tea and coffee seemed out of wack with the rest of the menu prices. We would go back again and recommend this resort to friends.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>tattsUnitedKingdom
<Content>18 night stay Big Let Down We are a very well traveled family, and have stayed in many differenthotels around the world. This is our 15th stay in the US. This was supposed to be a very good quality Hilton,not so! We had an 18 NIGHT STAY. Do not be fooled by the fantastic pictures in the holiday booksof the pool. looks fantastic but it was FREEZING cold as was the river ranch(though that was heated by the third day)We always phone any hotel prior to booking as we have a disabled child that can not go into cold water ,we were assured that the pool was heated ALL year round.to 78/82 After complaining as did other guests, we were told so many differentexcuses too many to say but all were rubbish.In the end the pool stayed friged and unusable for the full 18 nights.no one could use the pool. we tried to complain every day nothing was ever done.Also out of all the hot tubs NONE were working, some had no lights around them working, the bubbles did not work and some were also cold. the tiles were chipped and hanging off. which meant sharp edgesOur chill out time to sit in one with a glass of wine when the kids were in bed..did not happen. when we tried to compain we were told that it would be rectified but in the mean time we were told to walk from our room accross a very large dark car park through the lobby and try the one there!! The lights did not work!! nor did the bubbles. They did manage to heat one but that was all, no lights and when we put the bubbles on it emptied the hot tub.The ranch staff....(except Little old Lil) rude abrupt slack sevice, the food was at best a fast food cafe, As we have stayed in the US somany times were very well accustomed to the tipping culture. We always tip, what we do not like nor appreciate is being told that the bill does not cover their gratuity/tip while we were still in themiddle of our meal. on many different occaisons the order was wrong, we did not get cutlery, the drink was sloshed over the table as it was slammed down, our daughters we not even spoken to nor was there any pleasant banter. Even after all this we still tipped $150 in the first week hoping to get a better sevice.!!(one day our 9yr old founda large black hair in her breakfast!!) We never complaind about any of this but we know of Canadians and Americans that we befreindedbooked out to go and stay in the Scotsdale Hospitality suites (we aslo have stayed there in the past its FANTASIC) the front desk staff at the hilton appeared nice enough but actually did NOTHING to help.The whole Hilton experiance has led us to book to go to Tunisa North Africa where we know we will get better treatment at a fraction of the cost. the Tattersall family UNITED KINGDOM  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	5	2	3	4	1	-1	

<Author>MelKeil
<Content>Highly recommend for Families We just returned from a 7 night stay at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak Resort and have to stay I was pleasantly impressed. This is a very good resort for families - esp. those with young children. We have a 4 year old and a 7 year old and they really loved the Resort. They (and we) think the best part is the Coyote Camp - the childrens program. The Camp is very profesionally run and every day offers different activities centered on Arizona and its culture. I feel like my kids actually LEARNED something plus they made new friends. The Resort was fully booked during our stay and while it was crowded; rarely was it so crowded that it affected our enjoyment. A lot of days however, the kids preferred going to the smaller pool outside of our suite. I did expect the River Ranch to be bigger than it was. The lazy river is long and winding, but the main pool is really NOT that big. As for the restaurants at the property, they need to get their act together a little better at the Hole in the Wall ranch. We went there several times, and they could never get our order right. It was worth an evening dessert stop for the S'mores. For a very similar price and 200% better service and food, go to the Lantana Grille instead. Much more varied menu at the Lantana Grill - everything from sandwiches to gourmet entrees. Poolside service ran from mediocre to poor... again lack of experience on the servers part. Several times my husband would order something and when the bill came the item was $1 to $2 more expensive; they would tell us we were looking at old menus.The resort was cleaner and more up to date than I expected but then again I had low expectations after reading this website. We were in the South section which is where the renovated rooms are. Our room was clean and with plenty of room for two adults and two kids. Being so close to the pool did hve a disadvantage as the pool area was noisy right up until 10 pm.So despite the minor complaints, we really enjoyed the overall atmosphere and loved our suite, Coyote Camp, and the Lantanna Grill.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>lisareneeo
<Content>Great stay and would return!! We stayed 3 nights at Squaw Peak and had a very nice experience. We checked in late (around 9:30pm) on Sat., March 31st and received an updated suite in the North building.The main pool was a lot of fun. It was open from 8:00am-8:00pm during our visit. When you checked in you were given a wrist band and plenty of towels. We went down early both mornings and got a spot by the upper pool with the basketball net. People were reserving chairs but I always saw available chairs around.We enjoyed two great days at the pool. My children ages 8 10 met a lot of other children and enjoyed all of the activities they had going on. Some examples of the activities are: water balloon toss, water slide races, musical chairs and a watermelon eating contest just to name a few. I am not sure if they always have so many activities going on or if it is because it was the week before Easter (spring break) but my kids had a blast participating in them. Also, the college age guys/girls running the activities were super nice!! Winners even won prizes which were tickets for free smoothies at the snack bar. This was a good deal because if you paid for them they were $5 In the back of the gift shop there is a candy counter/icecream shop. Get your sodas there... a lot less expensive and a lot bigger.We ate lunch both days by the pool ordering from the snack/pool bar. The food was expensive and pretty good. We know what resort prices are and were not surprised. Unfortunately we did not get to eat at Hole in the Wall restaurant (my daughter became sick on the trip) We did order pizza from Streets of New York which delivered to the resort and was excellent. The day we left we had lunch at Aunt Chilad's which is in walking distance and is VERY good mexican.We thought the rooms were very clean and well furnished. The beds were very comfortable. We did not have any noise issues. Housekeeping did a good job and things were all in good working condition.The kids enjoyed the quiet pool right outside of our building the night we arrived because this was open until 11:00 pm. We had a great stay and would go back again.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>hermitogo
<Content>Phoenix Oasis This is an older mega-resort so the landscaping is mature and lush. It has one of the first water parks which is still cool. Planned activities for kids were constantly underway. This is one of the few resorts that still tries to maintain a western theme. The pool area is pretty casual so we were able to sneak our own food in without much problem. There are two nice restaurant/bars onsite usually with entertainment ; sports bar, fine dining and sandwich shop and cool Mexican restaurant Enchiladas within easy walking distance. The onsite waiters were ditzy so be patient with them and check your bills and tabs.Although we didn't use them there is a workout facility with lap pool and spa and hiking trails.Too bad there is not a safe or fridge in the rooms. Although the JW Marriott is nicer and newer we like this one for its more casual feel and mature landscaping.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	4	2	

<Author>OrSunseeker
<Content>Much maligned, great place for family vacation After reading some of the reviews preceding our stay I was pretty concerned that I hadn't made the best selection, but I was pleasantly surprised by our experience at this resort. It's beautifully landscaped, the service was friendly and helpful. We requested an updated suite upon early check-in and were given a squeaky clean, well-situated suite. Plenty of room and privacy for two adults and two 14-year-olds. It's a perfect resort for those with children or teens because there are so many pools and activities, especially the golf. I was worried that we should have gone to the Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs, but after a visit there for lunch we all agreed that Squaw Peak was superior for our needs.The food is a bit pricey, but that's typical of a resort. We made our way down the block three times to Aunt Chilada's for lunch and dinner which is a fun, affordable and delicious alternative to the restaurants onsite. The concierge staff was extremely helpful in giving us restaurant recommendations and maps.I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>AandM
<Content>Great stay! My husband and I had a very nice stay at the Hilton March 9-12. This was our second stay at the Hilton.When we checked in our original room was in the main hotel building but we asked to be moved up to the cliffs and they were very nice and moved our room right away. We had a very nice room with a day room and a bedroom and a balcony. We had direct access to the cliffs right off of our floor. Room was very clean and the bed was extremely comfortable. The ground are very nice and spread out. There are shuttles that can take you all over the resort if you do not want to walk. There are two main pools in the main hotel a family pool and a adult pool. The adult pool was very nice and quiet. The family pool looked nice and there was a lot for the kids to do including a water slide. There are also a number of smaller pools all over the resort. The fitness center was nice I was however very annoyed that is was a ten dollar a day charge to use the fitness center.We only ate breakfast at the resort it was not to bad. We ate at Different Pointe of View, one night and it was outstanding. Get reservations for an early or later time if you want to sit outside. We had a beautiful table outside for sunset and it was wonderful. Over all we had a great stay and would come back again.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Sight2See
<Content>Just so-so I booked this hotel because I wanted my kids to have allot to do and I wanted to be able to go to the spa with my 12 year old daughter as a treat. However, we could not get reservations at the spa because everything was booked up. I paid almost $300 a day for a standard, which was nice and roomy, but nothing spectacular and had a view of the alley. I was really dissapointed when I went to use the gym they wanted to charge me an extra $12 a day to use it!!The pool area is very nice and clean. I was irritated that we had to check in everytime we wanted to play in the water ranch, and had to get wrist bands.Overall it was OK, but for the money I will look for something nicer next time.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>specialkVirginia
<Content>A Nice Stay All in all...a good time was had by all. The River Ranch pool area is a definite plus and is very nice for the kids. Although I requested a newly renovated room upon booking, the hotel was full and so the older rooms were all that were available. The rooms are pretty run down and dingy, but liveable. I will say that, within 10 minutes, our 2 year old's socks were literally black from the carpet - and although someone was sent up immediately to clean them, it still didn't do the job....so we wore our shoes at all times! Unfortunate that our 9 month old couldn't crawl on the floor though! I will say that customer service was very good...anytime we called with a request, someone was there within 5-10 minutes. We did request a refrigerator and crib (pack 'n' play is what is supplied) and both were in our room within 10 minutes of our arrival, and at no extra charge. Overall, it is a nice property...the grounds are nicely maintained, and the property didn't seem as sprawling as described in previous reviews...everything is definitely within walking distance.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>TheIrvine5
<Content>No fun at the Hilton! When I booked this reservation through a phone number listed on the hotel website, I SPECIFICALLY asked the reservationist to check the Ranch pool hours because we were arriving late, and would only book this hotel if the Ranch would be open for a couple hours after we arrived. Was told that it would be open until 7:00 pm. When we arrived at 4:00 pm, I asked the bellman to verify the Ranch hours, he also said it would be open until 7:00 pm. Well guess what? After rushing to check in, rushing to our room to change, running to the Ranch using a map that the bellman gave us so we wouldn't get lost on this vast property, the RANCH WAS CLOSED!! We were very disappointed (especially my 12 year old son whom I booked this for). I complained to the front desk manager, who told me that the Hilton is not responsible for the information that is given by the reservation agents since they are not on site!!! When I asked about the bellman's lack of correct information, the manager said that he would talk to him. What a joke!! Besides the issue with the Ranch, this facility is very old and is in serious need of updating. The regular pool area with the swim up bar (which we went to after we could not get into the Ranch) was cold; the jacuzzi jets did not work and the jacuzzi water was colder than the pool; and the pool attendant did not speak English and was unwilling to find someone to help us. Also, there were numerous breakfast trays sitting on the walkways that led to our room; and there is a huge gap between the walkways and the stair railings which could be extremely dangerous for a young child. On a positive note, the inside of the room was updated, clean and a good size. Everything in the room was operational and well maintained. The beds, though, were too soft for my liking. Be sure to ask for the newly renovated area when booking ( I would hate to see the unrenovated rooms)!All in all, a very disappointing experience at the Hilton. We will not book this hotel again. For a real treat, the Fairmont Scottsdale Princess is fabulous - would have been well worth the extra $100 for a room.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>drjeff
<Content>a bit worn around the edges We had been to Phoenix several times before and had always stayed in Scottsdale .. Since we had our teenage son with us we decided to stay here because of the water park. The water park is indeed great and makes staying here worthwhile when everything is working which is not always the case. Like all Hilton properties in AZ the service here is poor. I had to call the manger one day to get the water slide turned on. Except for the concierge do not expect much service here. Based on my reading of this site I insisted on a renovated room. You should do the same. Our suite was spacious and spotless and gave us 2 separate rooms with 2 TVs to make everyone happy. The location in North Phoenix is a drawback and not a plus. Scottsdale 30 minutes away has much more to offer. The place could use a face lift. Stay here if the rate is good and you have kids. The kids will have a good tiime and then you will too.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TroyS29
<Content>Nice resort with some draw-backs This hotel is a decent option for business or vacation. Rooms are large, updated and nicely furnished. Very comfortable bed and good water pressure in shower. Pool and water park are very nice and would be fun for kids of all ages. Location is convenient for golf, shopping or business in Scottsdale area.Draw-backs: 1) Service is a bit spotty (e.g., dirty dishes from room service sat in hallway all day); 2) Slow and non-attentive check-in staff; 3) Sprawling nature of complex can be inconvenient and makes for long walks; 4) Very poor cell phone coverage through-out facility.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	3	2	3	3	

<Author>mamamooch
<Content>Room to Roam at accomodating Resort We chose this property based on the Hilton brand name, plus the casitas were enticing as reviews sounded as if they offered much more square footage than the average hotel room (which they do). The reason for my trip was the annual getaway with the girlfriends.Upon arrival, I was checked in promptly and driven by golf cart to my casita. The property is expansive and a huge plus is the willingness of the bell staff to show up w/ a golf cart to transport guests from place to place. In fact, I arrived in Phoenix in the a.m. and my friends, who rented the car, didn't join me until later in the day. The bell staff actually drove me by van to the local Walgreen's and drove me back when I completed my shopping.I will say that my original casita was a bit shabby...carpet worn and frayed, smelled musty and there was no dresser or proper closet in the bedroom. I had booked the casita based on the hotel's in-house reservation agent's description and it never occured to me to ask, is there a dresser and a traditional closet in the bedroom? I immediately called the front desk and I must say that the manager was MOST ACCOMODATING and not only changed my casita to a much nicer location, but offered an upgrade of an additional adjoining bedroom. Suffice it to say, the three of us were most comfortable during our stay w/ the two bedrooms. I found out later that the casitas are due for renovation next month (April '07). I'm glad I brought to the manager's attention the shabbiness of the first casita, especially because we were paying seasonal rates. It was nice reflection on the property that the manager did the right thing to accomodate guests.The property was beautiful and very well maintained. It was a bit cold to swim but the water park is great and I would highly recommend this property for vacationing families, singles and business travelers. There is a Convention Center attached and the property was filled to capacity, but one never had the perception that it was packed due to the fact that the property is so spread out. The onsite restaurants (only two) are well-staffed and the food is very good which is just below great. The room service crew erred quite a few times during our stay which was disappointing but they always strived to correct the problem. Also a DVD player was delivered w/o the remote, so a new one was delivered the next day and there was no charge. Although mistakes were made (shabby first room, room service omissions, DVD player w/o remote), EVERY EFFORT was made to correct the problem so as to make the customer happy. A final comment is the workout/spa facilities. The workout room is fantastic and has long hours of operation. The spa has very delightful technicians and the services were all quite satisfactory but it is definitely NOT A SPA. It is a beauty parlor w/ a few private rooms and a few showers. There is one chaise lounge in the ladies room that faces a wall and a dusty silk plant. In my opinion, any facility that calls itself a spa should at least have a relaxation room w/ a few sofas or lounge chairs. Again, the technicians delivered their services beautifully, but for the prices charged, this customer wants to bask in a true spa atmosphere before, during and after treatment!!I would recommend staying here, but don't expect a top notch, well-appointed room or spa even if you are paying $300+ per night. All employees and managers were exceptionally friendly and helpful (except one front desk clerk who asked, what do you want me to do? when we called because there was no remote w/ our dvd player)!I will consider staying here again as it is conveniently located near the airport, highways, restaurants and shopping, yet it feels a bit secluded due to the beautiful terrain and mountainous backdrop. Stay here with confidence as long as you have a tolerant personality and are not afraid to insist upon proper service!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>moviegal226
<Content>Amazing Pool Area We stayed in one of the property's casitas twice in the last month, so this is a review of that particular type of room. The casitas are large and have a private carport and private entry. They have lots of room and would be great for families. The downstairs had a dining table, 2 sofas, t.v., wet bar and small refrigerator with 1/2 bath. Upstairs is the main bedroom with full bath and bed. The decor in the casitas was a bit run down, with really old burgundy carpet, very outdated bathroom fixtures, and furniture in desperate need of reupholstering. I think with some simple remodeling updates, this could be a first-rate property. One of our casitas had a nice large balcony off the main bedroom, while the other had a huge sundeck right off the second floor. The sundeck had a full sized table with 4 chairs and an umbrella and 2 lounge chairs! Awesome for soaking in the Arizona sun. One casita overlooked a private pool, which was so much fun to step right outside and hit the water. This is a super resort for kids! The main swimming pool area is amazing! The Hole-in-the-Wall River Ranch has a huge lazy river, waterfalls, mini golf, a Western themed town and a gorgeous outdoor patio with a firepit and smores at night. If you have kids, this is a super place to stay!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Royzee
<Content>Liked the Resort- Hated the Resort Fee Stayed here for two days on business. business functions including food were handled well. Room was a true suite. Better than Embassy Suites. Full Refrig, stove, microwave. Large flat screen TV in Bedroom and smaller TV in Living Room. Small porch area with table and chair overlooking a courtyard. Great, very comfortable bed. Check-in  out was friendly and efficient (except they forgot my free bottles of water - Hilton Gold member - no biggie; but remember to ask). Fitness room was fin: multiple crosstrainers, treadmills, bikes, machines and free weights. Pools were nice as well. Kids pool area/waterpark looked like fun.Also close to highway, supermarket, gas stations  restaurants. If you want to use the firtness center or the large pool  kids waterpark, putting green -you should pay the $9 per day resort fee. ( Compare to paying $12/day fee just to use the fitness center). Also wired internet was $12/day in rooms - wireless in lobby. If you're going to whack people $225/day for a room - why nickle  dime them with a $9 Resort Fee to use the fitness center or large pool? It seemd out of place in an otherwise classy resort.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>vnbond
<Content>Squaw Peak, better than expected       lazy river  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>amherst_reader
<Content>Nothing Special Here I stayed at the Hilton Squaw Peak for a conference. As an earlier reviewer said, the bed is extremely comfortable; however, the property itself is a little rundown...missing roof tiles, tired carpet, that kind of thing. My room was on the fourth floor of one of the main buildings, and to get there you ride one elevator--by that I mean there is no service elevator, so half the time you're trying to negotiate around giagantic serivce carts or other maintenance equipment. Very strange. The part of the hotel I stayed in is very reminiscent of a Super 8, or other cheap motels with outdoor walkways--nothing special and certainly not resort-y. I do not know what the conference planners where thinking when they booked this spot; it's clearly a place for families with little kids, and it's minutes from...nowhere. Not my thing. I asked that the toilet in my room be fixed: it ran all the time. It was fixed so that it dripped all the time. Both were equally annoying and sleep-depriving. My room was very small--European small--and was dark, dark, dark. The trash cans are inadequate, and there is not one at the desk--although again this is not a hotel for business travelers. The conference planners must have been having an off day.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	2	2	

<Author>ByrnesSL
<Content>Great for Business Conferences/Large Meetings I was the planner for our company's National Sales Meeting this year. Approximately 60 of our employees stayed with the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak from February 4th - 8th.I had a great experience working with my event planner and all the staff at this resort. The food was excellent, rooms were clean and comfortable, meeting space was great, and the location and grounds were beautiful!I would definitely consider the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak for another business meetings for personal travel. I, and all of our sales meeting attendees, were very impressed and pleased!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>CopyKat
<Content>My boys LOVED this place We just returned from a 4-day stay here and my kids want to move to Phoenix. There's a lot to recommend this Hilton, the water features in particular. My boys (ages 8 and 4) played mini golf in the putting green that surrounds the pool for hours. I could even let them wander off and do it together without supervision. That's a huge plus. The Coyote Club was very, very good. A really nice, large facility with clearly devoted staff and fun art projects and other endeavors (including a hunt for arrowheads that the staff had taken the time to scatter in the mountainous hills ahead of time). A couple recommendations if you go: be aware that the casitas, while two floors, have no doors at all closing the upstairs from the downstairs. So if you want to have any private time with your spouse, your kids will be well within earshot. I think I might have preferred to have stayed in a large room in the main hotel for this reason. I read another review about lackluster maintenance here and we had a problem with a clogged heating filter that banged all night long when our neighbor's heat/AC ran (every 10 minutes). But, to the Hilton's credit, they were very apologetic and made the appropriate compensation to us when I reported it. What else? I had a superb tennis lesson from Paul Dean, the tennis pro. The Saturday yoga class was also good. The spa services we had were good, but not excellent. If you really like spa treatments, I would recommend driving to one of the more upscale resorts (the Biltmore or the Phoenician) for those. Speaking of which, we had lunch poolside at the Biltmore and then played checkers on the lawn with the oversize pieces. A beautiful, historical place worth seeing. A don't miss local eatery is Chelsea's Kitchen; for a truly romantic dinner, try Lon's. Our boys loved Rawhide, a Western theme place 35 miles from the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bussess
<Content>No spa here! This was our first family vacation with our two-year old son. We were looking forward to time at the River Ranch, and what little we had (due to weather and naps) was really nice. In addition our room was nicely appointed and appeared to be newly renovated. Unfortunately, that's where the good things end. Overall, the hotel is a bit run down and hardly anything is included in the price of stay. All eating on property was expensive - $16 for the breakfast buffet at the Lantana Grill! Our one meal at the Hole in the Wall was not good at all. The service was terrible, even with plenty of open seating. The live music was fun for the kids though. And finally, my biggest gripe of all has to do with the spa. To call it a spa is ridiculous! It was a run down athletic club with what appeared to be a 1960's beauty parlor attached. My scrub and massage where terrible - and mainly do to the ambience - or lack thereof. Not worth one penny, especially if you have EVER had a massage or treatment at any place even slightly better. Re-vamp, Re-vamp, Re-vamp! We'll probably not be going back. If there some food package could be included I would consider - and get my spa experience somewhere else!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MTCB
<Content>Great for Kids and Families I highly recommend this property for families. We stayed in a 2 bedroom Casita and were very plesed with the decision. The beds are EXTREMELY comfortable. The decor in our casita was a bit dated but, clean and well maintained. The Coyote Kids Club is probably the best kids club we have experienced. On the negative side of things certain areas near pools can be noisy. Hotel doesn't seem to do much reduce noise.This is not a hotel for couples.... it's a family destination, great for kids!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mercurius_1
<Content>Good, not great, but good We just wrapped up our stay at this location. It was fine, although I think that the earlier advice I found on this web site to request a room in the newer portion of the hotel was key. It's a sprawling, resort-style hotel; not at all like the single building versions of Hiltons to which we're accustomed to from the rest of the country. The room was clean, the top floor of our location (We stayed in the north building) was quiet. Maintenance could stand to be a bit better here, as the shower drain ran very slowly and the toilet never stopped running. The latter item was annoying, given the extreme shortage of water in this part of the country. But beyond this, no real complaints and I would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pir8guy
<Content>Hit and Miss This place definitely had it's pluses and minuses. It's in a pretty good location, and the room was a suite. Not quite as nice as an Embassy Suite room, but comfortable nonetheless. The staff was pleasant, and the food was pretty good. On the negative side, this place's layout is extremely confusing. It's hard to find your way around. Also, it is spread out over a large area. To get from one place to the other can sometimes be a pretty long walk. In addition, multiple elevators were not working. I'd stay there again, but I'd probaly try something else out first.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>habbie1904
<Content>Helpful  We arrived on Christmas Day, to friendly staff and a wonderfully clean  well equipped room. The staff remained friendly in all the facilities. The service we received at the Grill was excellent. We definately will stay at a Hilton again.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OSU_Fan1967
<Content>Nice, solid Hilton resort My wife and I stayed at the Squaw Peak Hilton in early January for the BCS Title Game. In spite of the hotels sold out status we encountered nothing but outstanding service during our stay. Make sure you request one of their recently upgraded rooms as our original room was a bit worn (the hotel quickly accomodated our request for a different room). The hotel pools looked nice and clean (we did not use them during our visit) as did the rest of the grounds. The hotel's location was outstanding for our visit - close to the freeway, hiking opportunities (Squaw Peak, Camelback Mtn., etc) and centrally located between Scottsdale (lots of shopping and dining) and Glendale (game site). Overall, this is a nice resort that I would not hesitate to stay at again.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Latty
<Content>Great Hotel, relaxing resort My wife and I stayed here 1/20-24, the weather was cool (snow in the valley); but, we had a great time. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a casita basically a small townhouse apartment. The upgrade was due to our Hiltonhonors gold status.The room had a livingroom, diningroom, kitchen with a refrigerator  microwave, 1/2 bath. Upstairs Bedroom with 2 queen sized beds a full bath and a patio with umbrella table/chairs and chaise lounges. There was a pool/hotub for each pod of casitas ( approx 8). There were fountains at each pool and through out the grounds which made for a relaxing atmosphere. The surrounding neighborhoods were safe, a mixture of condos and office buildings.The staff were professional, polite, and personable. They went out of their way to ensure we had a good stay.The restaurants were average, nothing exceptional. We had one dinner and three breakfasts(breakfast comped). I would recommend a stay here for friends/family.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>jenCALI
<Content>Horrible Night! My boyfriend and I booked a room here last minute to attend a wedding in Scottsdale. I was really excited because i had heard that this was a really nice place. WE were really excited when they assigned us a condo type room with a covered parking space. WEll, when we drove back to our room, which was a duplex, with one more larger room below us, we were upset because all of the four parking spots were taken, by who , I don't know. SO we parked on the street. This was fine. So let me get to the horrible part. When we were ready for bed, at about 10pm, we heard very very loud rap music apparently coming from the room below us. I called the front desk once and they called the other room and the music stopped. OKAY fine, right ? NO WAY. At about 12am we were awoken to very very loud music and a bunch of kids screeming HAPPY BIRTHDAY. I called front desk, they sent out security and the music stopped. ABout 20 min later, the music started again. AND SERIOUSLy, it seemed like our walls were paper thin. We could hear these kids cussing and yelling and we even smelled pot. I was SO furious by this point, its 2am now, I called front desk and asked for another room. THEY REFUSED and said they would call security again. Security did nothing but made all the kids leave the room. SO now the kids are standing outside our window cursing and breaking bottles. WAS this the HILTON OR WHAT?? I called the front desk yet again and demand a new room or to call the police. They still did NOTHING. Let me tell you I was even afraid to go outside to check on my car. Well, I called and got the managers name, obviously an inexperienced kid, and in the morning when I spoke to the manager, he again did nothing. OH wait, he took $20 off our BILL I WAS SO FURIOUS!! I will absolutely never ever stay here again. I cannot believe a hilton would allow this. ANd I didn't even mention that these kids came back in the morning about 6:30 am and began slamming doors. PLEASE, don't stay here if you want peace and quiet.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>SammytheEagle
<Content>Great Value Just spent two nights at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak (Jan 2 and 3), we had arrived in Phoenix early due to medical appointment and tried checking in rather early (9 AM by hotel standards), had no problem. Housekeeping wasn't completely finished doing our suite so we had breakfast at one of their on-site restaurants and toured their facility (they have a great water park and activity area for kids). Our suite was comfortably appointed and unlike many hotels, clean and fresh smelling (you know what I mean). The king size bed was a pleasure to sleep in, the sheets seem to have a 500 thread count (very soft and luxurious). Our evening meal at their Lantana Grill was adequate. I golfed at their sister resort nearby Lookout Mountain Golf Course great course, my wife stayed at the pool area with the kids, they had a blast. The service from the staff was friendly and courteous; overall we felt that our experience was above average for this class of hotel and very good value for the rate that we paid ($130/night). We will definately stay here again if the opportunity should arise.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>bbenes25
<Content>Loved Hotel. Kid Friendly Loved hotel. Went there for the Fiesta Bowl not knowing what to expect on property love this place. great water park and restaurants  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>capman100
<Content>Hilton Squaw Peak, a great value!       View of Balcony to bedroom  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Thodin
<Content>Great Hotel! We stayed for a week in july 2006. July is very hot in Arizona, so we really enjoyed the pool complex and appreciated the possibilty that the kids could have a late night dip in the hotel pool. Friendly staff and lots of oppurtunities for sport and s.o. We tried golf and tennis but retreated to the pools - it was way to hot in july.But the hotel and staff was excellent!Tonnesen family, Copenhagen, Denmark  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Frqflier
<Content>A Tip You'll Thank Me For! We stayed at this property over Thanksgiving and had a wonderful time. This is probably NOT the place for couples to retreat to, despite all the amenities that will appeal to couples getting away for a weekend. This is a place for families and their kids. My four-year-old had a ball with his cousins on the Lazy River, which was an excellent experience and really was as much fun as the pictures appear. He also enjoyed the waterslide and the mini-golf. And can't say enough about the Hole In the Wall restaurant which has been favorably reviewed on here. No bargains pricewise for the food but everything our family ate was tasty. We also enjoyed the outdoor fire and introducing our son to S'Mores.What won me over with this place is that they didn't nickle and dime guests. They didn't charge extra for mini-golf. They didn't even mention any sort of extra charge when 3 cousins and their mom and dad showed up to use the pool. There wasn't a separate resort fee. And they didn't charge for parking.Couples won't be disappointed by this resort but I don't want to hear people complaining about the large number of kids in the pools and hot tubs! Enjoy your stay here. Next time we're in the Phoenix area this place will be high on our list to return to!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	3	3	

<Author>vbdonato
<Content>Never again! We had a week long stay this past Thanksgiving week and let me say never again!The place is run by a bunch of teenagers especially at night, who know nothing of customer service. The security staff think they are local law enforcement even though they are not older than 18.Upon checkout I noticed a charge for a phone call totalling $84.00 which I never made nor was I in the room to make.The call was to an international 800 number so I can only assume this was either a scam or the maid trying to make a call, unless they just let anyone charge a call to my room.Too bad Hilton does not spend more time on teaching their employees customer service, this place could be something!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	2	2	2	1	2	

<Author>Lewisville
<Content>Great Stay We used HHonors points for a stay at the Squaw Peak in October, and got a Gold upgrade to a casita, which was quite spacious. The casitas are in an excellent location close to the River Ranch, Hole in the Wall restaurant, and fitness center.The beds were new and quite comfortable. I had read that the casitas are scheduled for a remodel shortly ... currently the unit itself is a little dated. However, this didn't detract from the overall experience and the extra room (including downstairs powder bath and kitchen) is great, especially with kids.We had an excellent experience at the Hole in the Wall, eating there 3 days for breakfast and once for dinner. The service and food were both excellent. The setting is great, overlooking the main pool and waterfall. At night, they have a gas outdoor firepit for roasting marshmellows or enjoying the desert evenings. They serve warm fry bread with meals, which I can only describe as tasting like a light, flat doughnut ... excellent and unique.The pools were great and very relaxing. Not super crowded this time of year. The poolside bar had a great selection of snack/lunch items and drinks.Overall, great experience and would like to return.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Zac/Shelly
<Content>Beautiful Resort!! We stayed at Squaw Peak for our first year anniversary in mid-October. We were in the South Tower and asked for a recenty remodeled room, and were very impressed with the decor/furniture. The water park was awesome and we were often in the lazy river, playing basketball and beach volleyball in the pool, playing putt putt, or enjoying the jacuzzi. We ate at the Lantana Grill and enjoyed the food and also the free pool table they have on their outdoor patio by the fireplace. There were only two negatives we found: We got a dozen donuts for breakfast and the following morning they were covered with ants. We called the front desk to come spray and weren't very impressed with their service. Contrary to the other reviews, we also didn't have a good experience with the Hole in the Wall restaurant. The first breakfast we had there was cold so we got our meal free. We decided to try it again a second time and ended up leaving after not getting any service after about 10 minutes. Overall we were very impressed with this resort and would stay there again. I would also highly recommend during your stay to hike Summit Peak, and take a day tour to see Sedona and the Grand Canyon.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>pointe
<Content>Can't wait to go back We just spend a week at this resort as a get away. We found all staff very helpful and friendly, from the time we arrived till the time we checked out. We had a room in one of the Casitas, our room was smaller than the average hotel room but was clean and comfortable, probly renovated 2 or 3 years ago. The bed was exceptionally comfortable which really helps. Food and service at both restaurants was exellent. A bit of renovation stll happening in one of the bigger hotel buildings but could not even notice it from anywhere on the rest of the grounds. Pools were great. Bar drinks at the pool bar very expensive. If you have time, and a car, take a day to drive over to Sedona. It is about a two hour drive and well worth the time, awsome senery.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>CarBil
<Content>Remodelled Rooms - Needs Major Improvements At time of booking we were told the South Tower suites were being remodelled, we would be in the North Tower. We did get in the South Tower as they were completed when we arrived. We were shocked when we walked in our one bedroom suite, as everything was exactly the same as when we stayed here 3 years ago. The only difference was the Hilton beds (which were very comfortable) and the new tile on the bathroom floor. Our chair was ripped, old furniture, old carpeting, they even took out the refridgerators and left an empty hole. We did call maintenance and they managed to find an old one and had to sit on top of the sink - my sister never got hers. You call this a remodel?! The bathroom sink is very small - no room for your toiletries and they put a large TV on one of the shelves so you have no room to put your stuff. They have 3 small drawers. The pool/lazy river though is wonderful. They have very pretty landscaping and clean grounds. Poor quality food at the pool bar - $9.25 for a small hamburger and bag of chips. Did not eat at the other restaurant. Even though we did get a reasonable rate for staying at the Squaw Peak, we would not stay here again due to the quality of the rooms. And, be careful with taking the elevators, they are so old and one was not working most of the time we were there.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eaglesrest2
<Content>The best Hilton? We stayed here for the second time in September 2006, but only for 1 night (unfortunately).We are Hilton Gold members and have stayed at many different Hilton's throughout the years both on business and vacation, and I can happily say this is the best we have ever stayed at.This property is a resort with all services and amenities located onsite. The views of the surrounding mountains add to the beauty of the place. We didn't venture any further than the resort so can't comment on Pheonix as a tourist destination.Upon arrival we were upgraded to a Casita room. These are basically on 2 floors with full kitchen, dining area and living room downstairs, and bedroom, bathroom and changing area upstairs. Some have private pools I believe. Each room comes with its own covered parking space.These are probably some of the best rooms we have stayed in - big, comfortable, airy and with lots of amenties. No wireless internet access unfortunately. The resort has plenty of pools and spas with a lazy river running through and around it. We had some great fun playing basketball in the pool area, followed by lounging on the lazy river with drinks. The river wasn't dirty at all while we were there.We ate dinner and breakfast at the hole in the wall restaurant (I think that's what it was called) and it was excellent food and service. Overall a fantastic short break, to recover from Vegas and the Grand Canyon. Only wish we could have stayed longer!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>taadow77
<Content>Just what the Dr. ordered! We ended up choosing this resort thanks to the reviews on tripadvisor.com and were NOT disappointed! My girlfriend and I stayed in this fine resort for 4 days in early Oct. We found most of the reviews to be very true and accurate. Rather than sharing useless details about our stay, I will instead provide you with suggestions on how you can enjoy your stay to the fullest!. Hopefully these suggestions will make your trip as successful as ours. #1 - Request a remodeled room upon making your reservation. The remodeled rooms contain new everything! Our room was AWESOME! We checked out some rooms that had not yet been remodeled, at the same price, and were so thankful that we had made this request (thanks to other reviews on tripadvisor.com). #2 - Request a fridge upon checking in. This cost us nothing and proved so nice to have. #3 - Take advantage of the free shuttle system. Upon request, the bell desk granted us free shuttles to the Fashion mall and the Squaw Peak Summit. They were EXTREMELY courteous and very informative. Assuming you are at all adventurous and enjoy the outdoors, I cannot say enough good things about the Squaw Peak Summit climb. 1.5 miles, 1200 feet up, and so very very beautiful! The other climbers are VERY friendly and the view is to die for. Be sure to bring your camera and plenty of water! #4 - Eat at Hole In The Wall! The food is fantastic, VERY reasonable, and the service is professional and timely. We ate there each day. Dominic was our waiter and VERY friendly! #5 - Take advantage of the concierge. We knew very little about the area that we were in along with the attractions that were nearby. They are VERY helpful and will provide you with an array of attractions, availability, prices, recommendations, etc. #6 - Lastly - plan on making a trip to the Walgreens or any local grocery store on the first day. The water in the room is a complete rip off ($6 a bottle) and the drinks at the pool ($9 for a weak mixed drink) were about the only negatives that we could come up with. After the first day we stocked up on water and bought some liquor at the grocery store in order to make this trip more affordable and enjoyable. I would/have HIGHLY recommend this resort too all of my friends and family. I simply hope that you enjoy your trip just as much as we enjoyed ours!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jaka
<Content>Family Friendly Nice resort, clean, friendly staff. We stayed in a Suite in the North Tower. They originally put us in the South Tower but we asked for the North Tower since part of the South Tower is under construction. The pool areas were nice. We spent time in the North Tower pool, as well as the main pool. At the main pool service wasn't that great, you had to go up to the bar if you wanted anything. At the North Tower the service was better.The Hole in the Wall restaurant was a surprise. The food was good and reasonable. But if you are looking for other restaurants that are close by be sure to try Houston's off of Camelback Rd. and The Fish Market. Both are kid friendly.Overall, we had a pleasant visit and would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>hairybanana
<Content>Great Family Vacation Spot Our family of 5 stayed at this resort for 5 nights commencing August 25, 2006. We were located in a two storey, 2 bedroom Casita unit close to the River Ranch. Very convienient. We were not disturbed by the construction which was ongoing nearby, and in fact, we were impressed by how sound proof the unit seemed to be. The resort was great for the kids , swimming, waterslides and the lazy river. The cost of refreshments and food poolside was on the high side - and certainly adds up with thirsty and hungry children. The service we received was great and we encountered no problems either at check in or check out. We enjoyed the separate pool near the Casitas for a break from the river ranch as well as for use after the river ranch closed. The resort was exactly what we were looking for!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Resmera
<Content>Major construction There was a major construction going on in the building were they put us. Very dissapointing especially since this was not mentioned at all on either their website or during check-in. On Sunday at 7.30am we were woken up by the noise of a chisel and hammer! Very inconsiderate and cheap for a hotel in this league. I called the front desk to comment on this and all I got was that they would notify the supervisor on Monday. Never heard back from them. We will not stay at this place again.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mimie
<Content>Great family resort This was our third year staying at the Hilton Squaw Peak. We stayed for five days and were able to get a complimentary upgrade (w/our Hilton rewards points) to a one bedroom (2 story) casita, which is perfect for families with 2 or more children. The River Ranch is wonderful for kids and adults alike.....the slower paced lazy river is for those that just want to float in inner tubes and the waterslide is for the kids or adults that want to go faster. This time of year is usually hotter in AZ, thus the water park is even more relaxing. They have an extremely accomodating staff, very friendly and helpful, we just had to watch that our bill was accurate (quite a bit of accidental over-charges). The Hole in the Wall restaurant is great. My kids love ordering the rattlesnake ($18) dinner and you can roast s'mores right at your table ($10). I recommend their Arizona style bloody mary's to drink, served with olives, pepperocini's. and extra spice...very tasty. We took the free shuttle service up to their sister resort (Tapatio Cliffs) about 10-15 min up the mtn, and enjoyed the pools there one day. Tapatio Cliffs seemed a bit more upscale than Squaw Peak..much more adult only pools, nice cushions on the pool chairs, etc., but my kids and I had fun swimming and relaxing by their lagoon style pools as well. They also have an enclosed water slide at the cliffs .....both places are nice resorts, and its convenient to be be able to shuttle between them. Coyote Camp is a great place to drop off your kids for desert- themed arts/crafts/activities, etc (ages 5-12 yrs) and it costs about $10 per hr per child.....worth it in my opinion. My daughter, now 10 yrs, has been going to Coyote Camp 3 yrs in a row , and this one of her favorite things to do at the resort. The staff at Coyote Camp is always warm, welcoming and accomodating to my kids and some of the staff have been there 15 years. They love what they do.We also visited the Phoenix Science Center in downtown Phoenix and stayed 3-4 hours.....I highly recommend it....we ate a lite lunch at the Victorian Tea House, next door to the Science Center afterwards..and that also is a good place to eat, they even have a children's menu.You can spend some $$ is you order poolside, each non-alcoholic drink is $2.50 for soda/tea and you pay by the glass/cup...for instance, each time I wanted a glass of iced tea, I paid for it, no free refills, so that can definitely add up, but it is convenient to sit by the pool and have someone bring you drinks/food, etc.Otherwise, great trip all around, and summer is the best time to go, because the rates are so cheap...we definitely recommend the Hilton Squaw Peak or Tapatio Cliffs to anyone, especially families.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vacations_are_fun52
<Content>great time Went for 2 nights with our two girls, ages 9 and 11. The room was very comfortable (NorthPointe), we all loved the pool complex and enjoyed the brunch at the Lantana grill. Overall we were very happy with our choice to stay there.Our only issue was the slow speed of the lazy river (it was asleep!) but this allowed us to play while going around. We all enjoyed the 'dive in movie' and the rest of the complex.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jenxox
<Content>Lazy River did it for me !!       View from our room  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	2	3	4	

<Author>ExRIGuy
<Content>Familes- Think Twice!!! What a let down. Not even for $99 did I feel like I got a good deal. This property is dated and one stop short of dirty. It is huge and poorly laid out -- you will walk a lot, and it is unlikely you will park near your room. They charge you for everything and provide little: you pay for internet, local calls, a pack  play -- and of course there is no fridge or microwave or continental breakfast like a HI Express et al. The water park is OK, but unless you can say to yourself 1. this is the most important part of my stay, and 2. I don't mind if it is marginal/out of date (though, the kids loved it to be fair) -- at best, then this is the place for you. Service was wretched: booked a non-smoking, called ahead to ensure that we had one, and of course we were put in smoking. The elevator was broken for the whole stay. The soda machine ate our money. It was a comedy of errors. The Marriott Desert Ridge is the place. If saving $ is your game, I would stay at a bare-bones HI Express before I would be back here....  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>ds99ss
<Content>River Ranch is great, Hotel needs a lot of help Having just returned from the Hilton Squaw Peak, I must say that this hotel has major problems. Nowehere on the website does it indicaqte that the property is undergoing major renovations, but it is. We traveled with 4 other families. Two of the rooms had air conditioner problems, requiring a move. The moves took at least an hour to accomplish, and, one move required the guests to move their own luggage, as the bellman refused to move the bags, after being asked not to drag the ladies' dress on the ground. We were told that the bell station moves about 40 rooms a day due to the construction, and problems with the rooms. Half the hotel is closed, for construction, leaving only two ice machines an entire wing. This meant that there was hardly any ice ever available. The elevator broke during our stay. Since there was only one elevator in the south wing, if you wanted to get to and from your room, you had to walk.The pool is very nice, and the kids enjoyed it. The south pool was closed, and we did not get to the north pool. A fire, or what was described as an event, in lanatanna caused the only restaurant to be the hole in the wall.Overall, the service in the hotel is poor. The river ranch is great, but, the hotel itself does not seem to be Hilton quality. More like Comfort Inn quality.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>justmewonderinginyuma
<Content>Kids and Water go together! This place was fun. I loved the lazy river. Great place to relax. The casita was showing signs of getting older though. I loved the bathroom vanity though with double sinks. We had a balcony on our casita to sit outside at night. The drinks at the pool were excellent. It was crowded the weekend we stayed so lines were long at the bar. The kids loved the movie in the water. Hotel staff were excellent as well. I would stay again during summer months only because the water was the reason we were there!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Perewinkle
<Content>Great Family Atmosphere We stayed at this resort for for three days in July. We live in the Phoenix area and took advantage of the reasonable summer rates. Our family of four stayed in a Cassita. This is a two story townhouse suite. There was plenty of room for everyone. The suites come with one or two bedrooms upstairs and an upstairs bathroom. Downstairs,there is a pull out couch , kitchen with a sink, fridge and microwave. The hotel will supply a cot if additional bedding is needed. This resort also has motel room suites. Our two boys, ages 11 and 13 really enjoyed themselves here. There was plenty to do at the western themed pool areasuch as tubing on the lazy river, basketball at the sport pool or miniature golfing. Ask for the value pack to save money on the miniature golfing and fitness club .There was also a Saturday night movie at the pool area for the younger kiddies. They might want to set up a PG-13 movie at the sport pool area. This is an older resort that is kept up pretty well. The pool area needs some kind of pebbletec path to avoid burning your feet and there wasn't a safe in our suite. This can be a big problem when the whole family goes out to the pool. The resort is very close to the Camelback area where there are additional places to dine. Fashion Square mall is down the street as well. We had a great time!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Neania
<Content>Disappointed Let me first say I am not a particularly hard to please person. But I join Tripadvisor just to write a review about my familys recent stay here. Started out w/ our room (and many others) not being ready on time, and their check-in time is 4PM. After having to wait twice in a long line regaridng the status of our room we finally got our keys at 5:15pm. They front desk personnel were rude and offer no apology for the wait. If you have little kids, imagine just having to wait around for over an hour. Also, their parking situation is horrible. We had to park off property to get a spot. The lazy river is dirty and overall the pool area is overrated. The food is average at best and way overpriced. I am a local in the Phoenix area, and we will never stay at the Pointe Squaw Peak again... there are much nicer resorts in town at similar prices in the summer. I say pass and go somewhere like the Biltmore or Westin Keirland.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>Dorset_Eagle
<Content>Great for kids We are a family of two adults and four children (aged between 5  13). We stayed 2 nights a couple of weeks ago as a stop-off between San Diego and the Grand Canyon. We booked a casita and were pleased to note that it was very close to the River Ranch pool complex. The casita was clean and the beds were comfortable (even the sofa bed) although I felt that the room could do with brightening up a bit. After settling in, we headed for the pool complex, which was quieter than we expected. We all enjoyed the lazy river and the sport pool. We chose to bring our own food for breakfast, to keep costs down, and were back at the pool at 8am the next morning as it opened. Again, we had a great time, but had to retreat to the shade and cool of the casita for an hour at lunchtime. We found the young pool area staff to be helpful, the ice cold water coolers a bonus and the gift shops reasonably priced. My son enjoyed the mini golf and we discovered by chance on the second day that we were entitled to free golf and half price ice cream as we apparently were on the Value Package. It would have been nice to have been told this upon arrival. Be aware that if you are in the hotel rooms in the courtyard near the other pools, these do not close until 11pm. When we were there, a group of teenagers seemed to be occupying it. Not causing trouble, but being loud. If you have young children, this could disrupt an early night and we were therefore pleased that we were out in a casita. For a couple of days by the pool, it was ideal for us.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>opus80_123
<Content>Loved it, We and our two children had the greatest time. We had the greatest time a Squaw IPeak, The best place for children. There was so much for the kids to do we hardly never left the resort. We stayed with our 16year old and 10 year old, and they never wanted to leave..A great place for teenagers too!!! We stayed for 10 days and could have easily stayed another 10 days. The staff was very friendly and helped in every way. The pools were very nice and stayed open very late considering it was very hot.The tombstone shootout was excellent, the kids love it. Also the movie night was a big hit, with everyone. The bar staff at the pool side was very polite and friendly, as was every one.. We loved the lazy river, could have stayed there all day.. The fitness center was included in our package and was excellent, the classes and equipment were great.We also hiked up the mountain which was down the street, and fun to do.Thank you staff for making our vacation a fun and rewarding time..!!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Swebs13
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We stayed at Squaw Peak July 7-July 9, 2006. Check in was friendly, bell hop very personable and helpful. We stayed in a King Bed Suite. The room was very nice. Bed linens very nice, towels and spa products good quality, bathroom immaculately clean, bed verrrry comfortable. A small kitchenette with mini-bar and sink and coffee maker. The couch was very uncomfortable to sit on, although my son slept fine when it was pulled out. Limited cable channels on the tv, but we rented still-in-theater movies for $10.99. The grounds are well maintained and we didn't see any roaches. For people who aren't used to the south, these are Palmetto bugs. They are big and ugly, but harmless. Southern states spray continuously to keep them at bay. So, please don't let seeing one or some scare you out of a good time. The resort itself is huge, some areas noisier than others. The River Ranch was nice we enjoyed the Lazy River until it got crowded. Go early and grab a chair with an umbrella, leave your stuff there to save your seat. It gets pretty crowded. They do have poolside service and there are a couple of places to get food. Plenty of fresh towels and coolers with cold water to drink. We didn't stay long, because we didn't get there early enough for a good chair. Make sure you leave your shoes on when you walk around, we made the mistake of heading off to the Lazy River without ours on and I nearly burnt my feet off!! Ha ha.. hot hot hot. There are cubbies at the top to leave your flip flops, I found that out a little too late. Saturday nights they close at 6:15-7:30 to set up for Dive In Movie night where they show PG movies poolside. Pretty cool for the kiddies. Admission is always free to guests..also pretty cool. The location of the Resort is very convenient for day trips, about 5 hours to Grand Canyon, Scottsdale is close to check out shopping and art shops. The views are nice, plenty of restaurants of all kinds nearby. I have to give a rave review for Consierge Dave. He is awesome. He is friendly and insightful, he knows everything about everywhere and is quick to figure out your every needs, likes and dislikes. So, if you ever stay there, make sure you tell him that a Trip Advisor member sent you to him with rave reviews. He's a professional all the way.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>2	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was just Ok Myself, husband, and two teenage sons stayed at Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak for two nights in early July at the end of our Grand Canyon/Sedona vacation. Our room was nice - separate bedroom with two queen beds  tv, sitting room with tv and bar area. It was nice to have 2 televisions with 2 teenage sons. The mini bar was stocked with high priced items which we did not purchase. We went to the River Ranch each day which I thought was very crowded and busy. Upon entering they would give you a wrist band and towel. This area was geared toward families with small children. Now that our children are older, my husband and I prefer the quiet scene. We did spend some time at the hotel pool/jacuzzi which was nice and quiet. You had to get to the River Ranch early to reserve a chair or else you were out of luck. They did not allow outside food or coolers. They did have water coolers with cups available and they had a bar crew which would take your food and/or drink orders and deliver them to you. The grounds are well kept and are very attractive. We ate at Hole in the Wall twice. Once for lunch and once for dinner. The lunch was very good and dinner was ok. We did not see any restaurants within walking distance. We drove to NY Pizza one night which was good and reasonably priced. Squaw Peak is close and offers hiking, mountain biking trails which we took advantage of one morning. Our stay was nice but probably would not stay at this facility again.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>uk-nurse69
<Content>No thanks I decided to take my husband  children here as a relaxing Fathers day treat, not sure I should have wasted my money.Check in was adequate but not what I'd have expected from the Hilton, the guy at reception was just doing his job no friendly niceities, no chit chat no information other than what was on the check in papers.We got taken to our room by a golf cart, which the boys enjoyed and were pointed in the right direction for the river ranch, very convieniently behind our room.Our bags were carried in and the guy was very friendly with all the right things to say,nice chit chat and pleasanteries.The room itself was ok, nice sitting area and separate bedroom.Decor has seen better days though. Wonderfully soft,luxurios beds with plenty of squishy pillows.AC worked perfect.The TINY LITTLE outside area I can't call it a patio wasn't big enough to swing a cat in and looked straight out onto the car park, good only for keeping a check on the van!We kept the shades pulled to try  hide it, and pretend it wasn't really there.River ranch was fine,the boys loved it. Too busy for me and too many tweenagers pushing in front of my little ones. Filling up the water coolers occassionally wouldn't kill anyone! We spent more time at the quieter pool within the courtyard off the lobby which was less crowded and much more relaxed.We had dinner at the hole in the wall,which was over priced and not worth it.The server couldn't wait to finish with our table of 4 so she could get on to the party of 12 who walked through the door, obviously they were going to tip more than us, and they did as I left a pitance for her lousy,inatentive service!We had breakfast at the Lantana grill and it was really nice, fresh fruit,cereals,pastries,eggs,bacon etc. and they had an offer on that ment the boys ate free with our adult meals.This wasn't mentioned to us when we checked in, we were told about it when we sat down.All in all I shouldn't have wasted my money, and it wasn't cheap to stay here, but the boys enjoyed the river ranch.Would I stay here again- NO WAY :(  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TravelerofNJ
<Content>Nice Place Stayed with my wife and two children (3.5 and 1.5 yrs) at the Pointe from 20-22 June as a last minute change from a hotel in Sedona due to the recent Oak Creek Canyon fires. Resort was available and inexpensive as we needed a place to stay before moving into another resort in Scottsdale.Resort located in midst of city, surrounded by heavy traffic roads, etc, though we could not hear any road noise due to the landscaping and how the rooms faced inward to a pool area. Room had a separate two queen bed bedroom, TV, bureau, credenza and closet - no security safe though. Odd shape of room led to the use of a pocket door instead of a regular door, plus one bed partially blocked the door exit. Otherwise, the bedroom was fine. Patio which was a sliding door off the bedroom looked out into the pool and the neighboring hallway. Just enough room for two chairs - useful only to dry your swim suit. Bathroom split with toilet, tub/shower in one room and sink/countertop in an open area next to the bedroom. Living room had a sofa, chair, chair/desk, TV stand, mini-bar fridge/counter with coffee maker. Minibar was stocked with usual minibar overpriced drinks/snacks. We asked for a refrigerator and microwave which was delivered later in the day. Furniture looked fine, but the carpet was a bit dated. Room was fine, though worn.Parking was far from the room and no easy path to get the luggage to the room. Initial day the elevator was broken, requiring lugging everything to the second floor by hand. By 2nd day, elevator was functional. Grounds were well maintained and manicured greenery.Best asset of the Pointe was the water park (passes for each hotel guest) and the quieter smaller pools in two of the hotel complexes. Hotel pools were well maintained, plenty of towels, chairs, cleaned pool, kiddie pool, whirlpool, chilled water cooler/cups. Water park was typical - lazy river, sports pool - volleyball, regular pool with water falls. Too busy for our needs, so we visited only once to see what was offered. Adjacent grill provided food. Food was typical grill food with children's menu. Room service was offered, though we did not partake.All, in all the stay was slightly above average. Did not see any cockroaches or other bugs. Place was clean, though a bit dated and worn. Hotel lobby was cheerful, staff friendly and helpful. Place was trying hard to make people happy. Would stay again. Price was great.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Neese
<Content>Great customer service... If you are looking for a clean and spacious hotel that is conveniently located,and you enjoy a family friendly environment with exceptional service, this hotel may be for you. Although lacking the initial wow factor that I expected, I thought that The Hilton provided amazing service. The concierge was friendly and extremely helpful, our room was always clean, the pool attendants were very welcoming, and room service was quick and delicious. With any hotel, there were a few things that I wished were a bit different. The sitting room was dark, even with all three lamps on, the air conditioning was a little loud and the sink/mirror were separate from the shower/toilet. The light switch to the bathroom was located outside of the bathroom door. So, for those of you traveling with practical jokers, they will have a great time at your expense! Nothing earth shattering, just food for thought. Now, back to the fun stuff...the hotel offers many different pools to accomodate people of all ages, and they even had a movie night! Our courtyard pool closed earlier than posted, so you may want to check the hours. The hotel is conveniently located for sight seeing. Take time to drive around and look at the mountains, they are gorgeous! Scottsdale/Phoenix has wonderful restaurants . NY pizza delivers to the hotel and was fast and delicious, Charlestons and Black Angus are casual but very nice, and have wonderful food and excellent service. Bahama Breeze has good food in a fun environment, and also had outstanding service. Kierland Commons and Desert Ridge shopping centers offer fun shopping, and are nice areas even if you are only window shopping. Plenty of antique shops and golfing opportunities abound. Antique shoppers traveling with families beware: there is one town in particular that is well known for it's antique shops. They have a beautiful brochure, which is extremely misleading. Once you see the gang graffiti, turn around, it does not get much better. It is obvious that the town is trying to clean things up, because the actual downtown area is being renovated and looks quite lovely. The surrounding area...not so lovely, and it isn't worth the risk. Although I feel a little guilty for indirectly ratting them out, I feel a deeper loyalty to innocent families who may get into harms way. Don't miss the Desert Botanical Garden, which is beautiful and very peaceful. There are also plenty of little squirrels and quail to amuse everyone. Crackerjax offers miniature golfing, go-carts and an arcade. Although not entirely perfect, the Hilton offers a comfortable environment for the whole family, and near-perfect service. They have great rates right now, so I would definetely give them a try.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TravelMomWithLuggage
<Content>Stay Away...Terrible Hotel We were at this hotel on June 19 and June 28, 2006.June 19 stay:We arrived at the hotel at about 8:30 p.m. and with 3 kids they were ready to get in the pool and relax after a long day of traveling. Upon check in we were not greeted just checked in. We were given a key and led to the appropriate parking lot for our building and pointed in the direction of our room. We carried our own luggage down a dark hallway to the last room. The room was ok but not worth the price we paid. The smoke detector was hanging from the wall with wires hanging from the wall, we were not sure if it worked or not?? With that said we quickly changed and headed to the pool. It took us a good 10 minutes to find the pool. Once we found it we noticed 3 families leaving the ares with their children. A few minutes later I realized why they were leaving. There were 3 young adults clearly drunk and acting very loud and obnoxious. They were drinking and some very inappropriate behavior between the famale and male was happening in the jacuzzi area. I told my kids to stay at our end of the pool since they really wanted to swim. A few minutes later the young males climed on top of the pool bar's roof and started jumping into the pool. I finally decided to call the front desk and was assurred they would send security. 10 minutes later I called again because no security personnel ever came to the pool area. Another 10 minutes and 6 security personnel officers arrived. The young adults were bad mouthing the security and refusing to get out of the pool. It turns out that they were not even guests at the hotel. A little later 2 of the families that left earlier returned with their kids to swim in the pool. Where were those security officers and why were they not wlking the grounds. The next morning we left the grounds to have breakfast in town not realizing that the hotel offered children eat free with the purchase of an adults meal. Thats because we were not told anything upon check in, no information about the hotel, no information about the specials, and no map or information about their Hole in the Wall water park. I complained about all of the above to Guest Relations and was told I would hear from the General Manager of the Hotel. I only received a call from the Head of Security explaining that the young adults were escorted off the hotel grounds, which was information I already knew. That was the only response I received and the only issue I addressed. I called the Guest Relations again to inform them that I had not heard a response from the Hotel's General Manager and was told that I received a call from the Head of Security addressing my concerns. I told Customer Relations this was not true and filed another complaint. Which led to our discounted stay on June 28, which was just as bad.We were offered a 50% discount to stay again. We were given a room facing the courtyard, seemed nice and as if they were attempting to make up for the bad service we previously experienced. We went to the pool and enjoyed a nice quiet time until we got into the ice cold jacuzzi and no one to help fix it. We went back to our room to take showers and questioned if the bathroom/room had been cleaned or cleaned and then used??? The bathroom had a used towel hanging on the back of the door and hair on the floor and in the shower on the tub and shower curtain. I was so angry at this point I just wanted to leave but it was 11:30. We got ready for bed and as my daughter pulled down the sheets to her bed she discovered hair strands between her sheets....she almost threw up and was on the verge of tears because she didn't want to sleep in it. The next morning I decided to take the kids to the Hole in the Wall Water Park attached to the hotel and discovered the mail pool was closed. After an hour or so I walked down to see if it was open. I saw bugs floating in the pool. These were roach type bugs that were huge. They were so big I had to ask if they were real or a childs toy. They were real. There were grounds keepers and maintance workers running around all morning so I didn't know what was going on. Now I know there are bugs everywhere but if they had sprayed I think they should of opened later or scooped the bugs out of the pool right away. I was scared to let my children in the pool because I didn't know if there was chemicals in there or what. The bugs were also floating in the lazy river......YUK! At this point I just wanted to run as fast as I could from this place. The water park staff was rude and no one there was helpful. I again called the Guest Relations to complain and was told that I would hear from the General Manager of the hotel. As of today July 4, I have not heard a word from anyone. I would stay as far away from this hotel as possible. You could get better service from any other hotel in the area for far less money.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad Not a bad place to stay.....two issues I had. The cock roaches in the rooms, big ones, and the fact that they didn't have free internet access.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SXMChick
<Content>Very nice rooms Stayed at this resort for one week while at a business conference in Phoenix. The one-bedroom suite was very clean and the bedding was exceptional. Probably the best night's sleep I have ever had while staying in a hotel. We ate two breakfasts on site at the Slim Pickens Restaurant. The first was a breakfast buffet on Sunday and it was exceptional. All you can eat for 9.99. Service was excellent. The second time we ate was during the week and breakfast cost more and was not very good. Service was not acceptable. We thought that our young waiter had quit during our meal.The propery was very well kept. The only problem was the pool area where we were located. Each area has its own pool. During the first few days of our stay, the pool was in disarray every morning. Towels were not picked up and food and beverage containers were still everywhere from the night before. About Wednesday, things changed and the pool area was spotless. Possibly the person in charge of the pool was on vacation at the beginning of the week. Another problem with the pool was a private company giving swimming lessons to small children. After a day of being in conferences, it would have been nice to just get into the pool, but that wasn't always possible. Last, there are no pool rules posted and children were throwing balls, diving into the pool (there was a no diving sign), and many just being obnoxious. No real parenting going on there. The same could be said for the Lazy River. Luckily I wasn't there for a relaxing vacation.While I would consider staying there again because the rooms and staff were so nice, probably I would look for another place.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rckl0382
<Content>Awsome place for kids and adults that are "still kids" !! We have custody of our 7 year old grandson and we found Squaw Peak on the Hilton website. We wanted a fun place to take him and this looked like it was it. After booking, I became concerned after reading some of the TripAdvisor reviews. Having stayed in a number of Hilton properties, I can tell you that if you have children, this is the place to go. The River Ranch has multiple pools, a long lazy river for use with pool-supplied inner tubes, a water slide, and a kiddie pool. Neat waterfall for kids and adults to play in. There is also a hot tub at the River Ranch. Food at the River Ranch outdoor bar is the same price as any pool resort-a little pricey, but not outrageuos. But there are plenty of water stations at the pool with large containers of free cold water and plenty of cups along side. The only aspect that bothered me is that through the week, it closed at 8 pm. I thought that too early-especially with the temp hitting 112 degrees...The Hole in the Wall restaurant at the River Ranch was good and the prices were very reasonable. We did not play the miniature golf only because it was too hot, but it looked fun. We stayed in a regular suite with 2 queen beds, and it was fine. Very comfortable bed. No, you could not put personal items in the fridge, but we bought a styro cooler down the street at Walgreens and kept it filled with ice from the ice machines located on every floor.If you are eating outside the resort, you will need a car. You can walk to Aunt Chiladas (good Mexican food-neat atmosphere- very reasonable prices-good margaritas -you can purchase your own shaker to take home!) Other than that, you will need to drive. Good choices are Claim Jumper (good prices- kid friendly-neat menu choices-to die for 6 layer chocolate cake..it is a 10 dollar dessert, but feeds a host of people!) Another fun place to take kids is the 5  Diner. (Juke box at every table, milk shakes served in the stainless shakers-terrific food real really reasonably priced..) Pizza was good and inexpensive at Streets of New York. We were only there for 4 days, so we did not go on any tours or day trips. But our grandson enjoyed the pools so much that it did not matter to us that we did not go anywhere else. After the pool closed at 8 pm, he could swim in our south-end pool complex. I thought the water was cloudy in the hotel complex pool, but he enjoyed it anyway. I was looking forward to using the hotel complex hot tub after the River Ranch closed, but the first night, it was ice cold! It was warm the remaining nights, though...We did check out the Hilton Tapatio Resort also in Phoenix. Again, if you have kids or are an adult that likes water play, stick to Squaw Peak! I did think the pricing for the Squaw Peak kids Coyote Camp was too high. But since our grandson was perfectly happy making friends in the River Ranch water area, we did not use the Camp. The River Ranch is open later on Fri and Sat nights-they show an outdoor kids movie on Sat nights. The kids can swim and watch a movie at the same time-that was kinda cool...It did bother me that there were no safes in the rooms-that needs attention!! And a 10 dollar a day charge for internet service was ridiculous-I would not and did not pay for that-even thought I took my wireless laptop with me. Sorry, but that should be free!!! The staff was friendly and they all took a few moments and chatted with our grandson whenever he wanted to show them his latest purchase from a gift shop or needed scotch tape or glue for something he was working on..(Much appreciated, staff!) And the lady at the 3rd floor kids concierge played a board game with him one hot afternoon-thanks! And the hotel concierge in the lobby really knew the area and what to recommend. He printed a map for us one night when we asked directions for an eatery. And they will print your boarding passes for you the day before you leave-that was a great help to us!I do think they need more handicapped parking. My husband requires handicapped parking, and it was always hard to find one available-especially during the weekend. But all in all, we had a really fun time just swimming, exploring the resort complex, trying out new restaurants-just spending some quality family time together. It was very relaxing and my grandson is ready to go again next year. Ditto for my husband and I !!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rbreaux1
<Content>Nice property..... A group of friends  I stayed at the Pointe Hilton from 5/18/06 through 5/21/06. The purpose of the trip, besides to relax, was to visit friends  golf. Overall, the resort was very nice, however very big.....good luck getting around w/o a map. I've indicated Pro and Cons below:Pro:1) Great pool(s)! - The North  South buildings all had their own pools, with hot tubs  bars. The River Ranch was huge, with multiple tiered pools. The River, although slow, was very nice and pretty long. You basically ride a large inner-tube. The pool area is great for families with kids.2) General service - I thought the service was great, very helpful. 3) Nice rooms - The rooms were nice, not very upscaled. We stayed in the regular 1-bedroom suites, so I can't speak about the bigger units or Casitas.4) Easy check in/out. Be aware of the 4pm check-in though.5) Room service (meals) were good.Cons:1) Construction work on our floor....changing out locks. Not too much of an inconvenience, but a bit of a hassle getting new keys. The resort is starting to show alittle wear  tear, hence the need for constant fixes.2) Maid service had to be reminded to make-up rooms.3) The resort is a bit expensive for a Hilton, but many discounts (i.e. AAA, Entertainment) exist.4) This is a great family resort, however, given that my group had no kids tagging along, we got alittle tired of all little ones running around. If that's a problem, go elsewhere.Things to do:1) Sedona was a great day trip. I'll certainly make another trip there someday.2) Golfing - we played at the Sanctuary and the Arizona Biltmore. Both great courses! The Sanctuary is a VERY tight desert course, while the Biltmore is a traditional course. The temperture was brutal however, about 105 degrees!  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>punkinpapa
<Content>A Great Family Vacation Spot--During The Off-Season At Least We stayed at the Squaw Peak Resort for four nights during the week of 5/7/06. I typically to do a lot of research before we go on vacation, because elements of a vacation--like the quality of the hotel--can make or break the entire trip. I must admit that I was a bit nervous about reserving a room at the Squaw Peak Resort because there were some mixed on-line reviews. Some people reported poorly lit rooms. Others said the property was dated. One review said that it had those kind of people, though I'm not exactly sure what that meant.So, here is the scoop...This place is not a Four Seasons, nor is it the Phoenician. It, however, does not charge 5-Star resort rates either--we paid $161/night AAA rate for a true suite with a separate bedroom. With respect to quality of the accomodations, the Squaw Peak Resort is in line with an Embassy Suites hotel. The hotel caters to both conventioniers and famlies. This diversity is made possible because the hotel's River Ranch water park area (a very nice family-oriented swimming pool(s) recreation area) is separated from the hotel buldings by the parkng lot. For the most part, this separation keeps the families away from the business people, who have their own, less ornate pools in their respective hotel wings. Overall, the grounds are very pleasant, and the River Ranch area is very nice. The Lazy River, which is a swimming pool that allows you to float in an innertube around the property, is fun and highly relaxing. The photos I have seen of the Lazy River really don't do it justice as it is pretty expansive and the scenery is diverse too.The food in the pool area is solid and the service at The Hole In The Wall Restaurant borders on excellent. As a matter of fact, everyone at the hotel is very friendly and courteous. The hotel also has a great work-out area (available to guests for a small fee)--much better than the standard hotel gym--with an extensive weight room and a separate aerobics room. I did not try any services at the adjacent spa, but that looked decent too. Like all things in life, there are things to complain about. I noticed the first few days that a lot of the inevitable litter (drink cups, etc.) that people leave around the multiple swimming pools didn't get cleaned up by the hotel staff--This was epecially true of the Lazy River, where the same crushed can of beer lingered for days on a wall around one of the bends.A small complaint is that the hotel is not walking distance to anything in particular. As a result, you really need a car if you want a change of scenary. It is about a 15-25 minute drive to Scottsdale which has great shopping, dining, and people watching. The second item isn't so much a complaint as it is a concern...What would this place be like during spring break? We went during the low season, when most kids are in school, so the resort wasn't very crowded. But, the staff told me that during spring break, and during the summer when highly discounted rates are available, that the place is really hopping. The River Ranch is big, but not that big, so one's stay would probably be a lot less relaxing during those times. My bigger wonder, however, has to do with drinking age kids, as I could see a mix of college kids and little kids would be poor in a place that serves alcohol pool-side. Overall, the Squaw Peak Resort offers a great family value for the dollar. My six year-old thought it was on par with Maui and Disneyland as a vacation destination--pretty high praise. I would have to agree with her that it was a pretty special trip and we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AANDA'SMOM
<Content>customer service was great After reading all 113 reviews, I was skeptical. Sometimes I wonder if these reviews help or hinder a trip. My family of 4 (2 girls 5 and 10) travelled with my parents to Phoenix for a 5 day vacation. My mother can be hard to please. She had a great time. Here are the positives and negatives. Every person we encountered at the hotel was friendly. The rooms we average. They are not the nicest Hilton rooms, but the are great for a family. We stayed in the North building in a 1 bdrm suite. It was nice to shut the doors and watch tv while kids slept. There is only one sink, but there is a dressing area in the bedrooom. The price is actually good. We have relatives that paid the same at a basic Best Western and they didn't have near the pool areas that we had. We had a great pool right by our room and when we wanted a change we wandered off to the River ranch, something my children enjoyed thouroghly. The food at the hole-in-the-wall for breakfast was good. The dinner a bit pricey and only average. I suggest you rent a car and try some of the other restaurants that Phoenix has to offer. If you don't have a Cracker Barrel restaurant where you are from search one out while here. They are the best. Also Aunt Chiladas is just O.K. If you come from an area with good Mexican food you will not enjoy this restaurants version. Try to eat at Macayos. Much better. All in All this is a good hotel for the price with better customer service then we have encountered in many of the high end resorts we have stayed at. I wondered where some of these other people stayed when I got there and compared reviews. I do agree that the Hilton should install safes in each room as my father (a retired Police officer) caught a 13yr old trying to steal walletts at the River Ranch.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Statmans
<Content>Great time, excellent amenities Slight problem with the reservation. When we called in March the week before we were to arrive, they told us that our reservation change (Made in December) was not listed anywhere in their files. The reservations agent was pleasant, but said he couldnt change the reservation and we would have to check out a day earlier than planned. Since this was a reward trip, we were upset but just had him book a room for one night in Sedona (since we were going there anyway)My wife checked in on Monday afternoon with the kids. She asked for and got an upgrade to a casita. She asked when we were checking out, and they had the change in place (Magic?). She didn't say a word, just cancelled the Sedona reservation. I arrived in the evening and was very impressed with the Casita. The ground floor had a full kitchen and dinning room, half bath plus a living room with fold out bed and TV. You walk upstairs to a bedroom and full bath, with a private balcony off of the bedroom.While we did have a car, I dont understand why previous posters said there was nothing within walking distance other than Aunt Chilada's. There was a strip shopping center just across the street with a chinese carryout and some sort of sports bar. 1/2 mile away was a drug strore/liquor store and across the street from that was a supermarket.The kids enjoyed the lazy river, tubes and minature golf. We ended up buying the resort package, although the golf would have been free since we were diamond level, but I was sending and receiving large faxes and it made doing this more economical. Both restaurants were open. No complaints about the food. I read these posts and always wonder about the resorts - some people are very negative, some are very positive. I have found a balanced report is more telling. Just my $ 0.02  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kalena-Travels
<Content>Enjoyable Family Stay Just returned from a last minute spring break vacation. Other than the hotel being packed to full capacity...it was a decent stay. The pool area is very family friendly, with plenty to do. A shallow/wading area for the little kids and a water slide for the bigger kids. My only complaint was the amount of people! But it was Spring Break, so what did I expect?! It was very, very crowded....with almost every lawn chair taken by 8:30 am! And the chairs are packed so close together, you can't walk through them. And they were definitely understaffed for that amount of people. The pool area would probably be more appealing at another time of year. When making your reservation....request a renovated room! ( on an upper floor)Our first room was on a bottom floor, and not renovated. It was dark  felt a little bit like a Motel 6. We requested to move and our second room was far, far better! It had been renovated and had two queen beds...it's also a larger room than one with a king bed. It's hard to believe they can charge the same price for the two different rooms. Lastly, we had an AC problem with the second room. We requested it be fixed at 8 am and at 7 pm we found it couldn't be fixed. They offered to move us, but it was 7pm with two little kids! So we stayed. But I did talk with management the next morning, and they took off one full night stay for the inconvenience. That was appreciated. Overall, I think the value of the hotel is what you pay for. I would probably go back.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ljayglover
<Content>Great Family Resort We recently stayed at the Hilton on our Spring Break. Overall, we had a fantastic stay. We were upgraded from a regular room to a Casita (because of my Hilton Honors status), and those are VERY nice. We are a family of four and it was great not to be bumping into each other constantly, with two bathrooms available. We even had a private pool tucked in between a couple of buildings, which provided a nice break from the noisier River Ranch area.The grounds are nice, and we found the staff to be very pleasant and helpful. The concierge personnel were great - very helpful with suggestions that always worked out well. They had cards for all of the suggested locations with addresses and directions printed out - very convenient. A fault in the hotel which was pointed out earlier is the lack of a safe in the rooms. Hotel management really needs to ask temselves where they expect the families to leave their wallets and devices when they leave their room in the morning to spend the day at the pool.The breakfast buffets that are offered at both of the onsite restaurants are very average. No made to order omlettes or waffles that are often available at other Hilton resorts. In addition, the ice cream/candy/snack shop that was onsite closed at 7 pm! Unbelievable that it wouldn't be open later during this time of year.Overall, the family had a great time and I would definetly return.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>binkymom
<Content>Don't Stay here!!! We were robbed of $8,000 in property while staying here. At the end of our Arizona vacation, we decided to stay at this very high priced resort to give ourselves a treat. We thought, with the waterpark and all the activites, it would be a great place for our family vacation to end. Unfortunately, it didn't turn out that way. We were on the last day of our vacation when we went down to the waterpark for the day. My husband placed his shorts containing his wallet, room key and eyeglasses in a locked locker in the Men's changing room. He went to check on the locker in the afternoon to discover the lock had been cut with bolt cutters. Because we had signed for our breakfast that morning, he also had a receipt with our room number on it which allowed the thieves to go into our room and remove everything of value. Computers, cameras, i-pods and many personal items which cannot be replaced. There are no in room safes. We waited ten hours for the Phoenix police to show up and the only thing Hilton offered to do was pay for our dinner. We are still in the proccess of sorting out all the financial problems. My advice, if you insist on staying here, leave all your valuables at home!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>koalalover
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful!!!! Our family has stayed at this hotel numerous times, the last being in July of 2005. After staying at many hotels in the Phoenix area, this has to be the best so far for us. Oh, I'm not comparing it to the Biltmore for heaven's sake! And the Scottsdale Princess was for another trip without kids. But we paid rates as high as $200 a night right to $89, depending on the time of year. Either rate, we have never had a greater time than when staying here. I have 2 boys (Ages 7 and 17) and BOTH were entertained on a regular basis. The stay in July ($89 rate) was by far the best so far! The manager, having rec'd a hysterical call from me the evening before, went over and above any hotel manager ever has. Seems that I had booked incorrectly and had us checking in one day prior to our arrival date. The manager assured me that although I didn't show up, there would be no problem for the following day. When we did arrive the following day, we were led to a townhouse type room. No, I didn't request it. No, I didn't tell them I had stayed with them before. We walked into a 2 story 3 bedroom townhouse suite! Complete with our own deck, 2 bathrooms and a smaller swimming pool in our backyard to be shared with others. What a treat! The staff was friendly, efficient and always ready to help. The maid service was exceptional and the eateries were exactly what we were looking for. No fuss, inexpensive, yet the food was delicious and always served with a smile. The night times were so nice, sitting by the fire just talking til the wee hours. We come to Phoenix at least 4 times a year, sometimes with the kids, sometimes without. Our main reason for visiting the area is because we have very close friends that relocated from NJ to Mesa, AZ. They were so impressed with our digs, they moved in for the weekend.We stayed for 5 nights, with never a dull moment. Water park was a nice starting and ending point for our touring days. And a nice welcome to a plain 'ol pool on the property. Us adults revelled in the lazy river and even took a few rides on the 15 story slide! (Will not be trying that again, ouch!)  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good family resort We wanted to end a week in Az. with a little poolside RR and this resort was great in that dept. All of our kids, ages 14,12 and 4 had a blast and were not bored at all at the water facilities. My husband and I also took a short walk from the resort to a park full of trails of different levels of difficulty. You can walk on flat trails around some pretty lofty peaks or you can tackle the peaks and be rewarded with some pretty views. The only real low point came when we bought tickets to the western dinner show on the property. It was HORRIBLE! Both the show and the food at dinner were not worth a fraction of the cost. The food at the Lantana Grill was also below average. Next time, we will probably venture off the property for dinner.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cubbyboy1991
<Content>Great for families with younger kids All suites, nice amenities, excellent location central to restaurants, hiking, spring training baseball. Very accomodating staff, helpful whenever asked. Food was fine, decent prices, good for kids, just OK for adults. Overall, a great place to stay for us and our 9 and 11 year old.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Fe
<Content>Teens outgrowing the Pointe This spring break trip will probably be the last ofmany previous trips to the Pointe. My 15 and 12 yearolds have finally outgrown the Lazy River, Mini Golfand Koyote Kids. The resort is virtually the sameplace we visited for the first time 10 years ago.The restaurants serve average, overpriced food. There is virtually no pool service although everychair is adorned with a service flag. On the brightside, our suite had recently been remodeled with a much more modern decor but still lacking a doublevanity. In a nutshell, I think the resort is stillnice for kids 12 years old or younger who want tohang out at a pool. Older kids here will be bored.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful resort for Children/Famalies I'm actually shocked at some of the reviews. If you are bothered by small children (and their noises) DON'T GO TO A FAMILY RESORT THAT BLATANTLY ADVERTISES THAT IT CATERS TO CHILDREN! Stay at the Doubletree at the airport. However, this isn't an over the top Hilton Resort- we've stayed at much nicer. We had a one room King Suite on the 2nd floor, overlooking a pool/courtyard. For $400 a night we were disappointed in the service and amenities but overall the stay was pleasant. The sofa bed in the living room was a queen size sofa bed with a full size sofa bed mattress (in other words, it left about a foot of exposed bed frame). VERY unimpressive, and dangerous for children! The bathroom was not fantastic- it was a bit small, but the living room/bar area were adequate, and the walk behind wet bar was convenient for placing ice/drinks in the sink. The pool/hot tub in our courtyard were great at night. The River Ranch pool-resort area closed every day at 5, which seemed too early. We had room service which was actually quite good (probably some of the best room service food we've ever ordered). We ate at the Lantana Grill 2 mornings in a row- the second morning the staff was incredibly rude and the food absolutely disgusting (the egg white spinach omelette was bathed in oil and slithered onto the plate and served with what I suppose they were trying to pass as sun dried tomatoes). We had breakfast another morning at the Hole in the Wall which was EXCELLENT, the staff was friendly, the atmosphere relaxed, and the food was a million times better than the Lantana Grill. We are Diamond members, we were given free water bottles (the $6 per bottle price they want other guest to pay was a bit shocking) but in order to redeem the water bottles you had to go to the gift shop- no big deal, but leave the water bottles in the room already! Poolside service at the River Ranch was decent. The gift shop was nice and convenient. The staff didn't turn on the Lazy river two days in a row- we finally asked about it and they said they thought it was on. It was finally working for the rest of our stay. The kid pool area was fantastic and the large shallow end in the main pool was even better. It was very quiet and peaceful as we were there during the week. We felt welcomed with our 2 1/2 year old despite some large business gatherings that were also going on. The Coyote Ranch for kids is for older children but they offer a wonderful kiddie concierge with books and toys that you can check out during your stay. Helpful if you don't pack the whole toy chest in your luggage. We plan on going back next month for a few days of R  R (and yes, we're brining our child- so STAY FAR AWAY if you hate children!) but we did write a letter about some of the issues. We also booked a casita which I think should be more comfortable. Overall this resort rates below the other Hilton resorts we've stayed at (the Waikoloa and the Rainbow Hilton) but is a nice change of pace from other Hilton hotels in the area.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jackieh8
<Content>Beautiful resort This property is very nice and couldn't be staffed with more professional people. We arrived late on a Tuesday, went to the restaurant- had wonderful service and great food. Wine was a little expensive, a glass of Kendal Jackson $12. The golf course is spectacular, but per my husband very challenging. He lost 3 golf balls. Warning- the property is large and you may have to take a shuttle around or walk fair distances depending on which room you are in. I really didn't mind walking, but I prefer a smaller property. Our room was large, two rooms, with a mini bar that had room for personal items. Our balcony primarily overlooked a parking lot, but there was a limited view of the buttes. The property itself is kept clean and free of clutter. I also had a spa treatment. The ladies working in the spa were so helpful. Overall we had a great time with no problems.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Buben
<Content>Not recommended I'm with the reviewer from Delaware (12/26/05); this place looks a lot better on the website than it does in person. I'm pretty much in overall agreement with that reviewer's comments.The rooms are dark and average (ours smelled so strongly of room freshener it was nauseating). The decor is standard Hilton hotel room; nothing imaginative or interesting. If you came with kids, you'd probably appreciate the pools and activities. We don't have kids, and aren't really into the Disney-themed plastic decoration (including a fake old western town store front theme). I thought the price of $200 per night was pretty high for what you got.The spa is, in my opinion, very misleadingly described as one of the 10 best in Arizona. I don't know what list they are working with, but I can't imagine that is the case. I booked a $165 massage. The massage itself (by Ron) was quite good. But for that kind of money, there's usually a pretty nice spa experience that goes along with it. In this case, I checked in, and the girl at the counter didn't even offer to take me to a locker room and give me a robe! I had to ask for that. The locker rooms are your regular gym-type locker room. There is a co-ed steam room and sauna. No whirlpool. After I saw a man in the steam room stretching his hamstrings in full workout gear (including gym shoes), I wouldn't have gone in the steam room if you paid me! The showers are badly in need of an overhaul -- mildewed, no water pressure. The waiting room is basically on a sofa in the beauty salon -- strong smell of nail varnish. During the massage, the table rocked throughout (it needed some sort of repair), and everytime water turned on in the hair salon you heard it loudly.One nice place to hike -- the Phoenix Mountain Park (east on Glendale past Highway 51). Great nice hikes -- although you have to drive about 10 minutes to get there.The Aunt Chiladas place was a good place to grab a bite. The Coffee Plantation (near intersection of Glendale and 16th) was also nice.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay over holiday weekend We had a wonderful 3-night stay over President's Day weekend. We checked in early, had a very nice suite (asked for non-smoking, king, and not first floor and all were accomodated). Also got a $90 (+tax, etc.) per night rate on Pricline so that was a bonus. Pros- nicely kept grounds, friendly staff, great pool. We do not have kids (I'm 8 months pregnant actually), but we still enjoyed the place very much as a couple seeking a final pre-kid escape. Our room was quiet, the pool(s) were spacious enough for all comers on a holiday weekend during high season, and our bed was absolutely wonderful. We're not typical resort folk (more the bargain hunting type), so this place was a wonderful treat for us. We also had a rental car- if you didn't you might be limited as there's not much close by except the hotel restaurants and shops.Minor cons- the suite has a nice kitchenette but the small fridge is locked and overstocked with items for charge-- the hotel information says do not store personal items in the fridge due to spoilage concerns or something. That's a bit ridiculous. We never opened it for fear of excess charges. It would have been nice for us to be able to use the kitchen for easy breakfasts, and keep our own milk and oj and leftovers in the fridge. Also, the remodeled Lantana grill has no atmosphere and is overpriced. Our beef satay appetizers were great but the quesadilla we ordered was horrible. I'm glad we didn't order big expensive dinners- a family seated behind us was clearly unhappy with how long it took to get their meals and how they were done. The hole in the wall had fine pub food and pricing was as expected.Overall, a wonderful, restful stay. A great and very reasonably priced accomodation whether you leave the hotel for the day or not.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nville4
<Content>Great family hotel! Best hotel bed we have ever slept in!! Great pool for the kids. The weather was a little cool but the pool was heated so we were still able to swim in the afternoon. Plenty of room in the suite. Very nice staff. Provided a refrigerator at no charge and brought to the room very quickly. Also printed boarding passes the morning we were leaving. I think they may have been renovating the kitchen so food service was a little limited but concierge was able to provide detailed local restaurant information. Close to the airport. Free shuttle service available to sister resort at Tapatio Cliffs but that pool is a more adult oriented pool so we didn't stay long at that resort. Would definitely stay again!  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LOVEMARCO
<Content>Great Place For Families       River Ranch Main Pool  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>4	2	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice family hotel The reviews we'd read here made us a little worried, but we were pleasantly surprised during our recent 5-day stay. We had a suite in the south building; we took the recommendation and booked an upper floor, which had a nice view of Squaw Peak (and the parking lot, but it was OK since we were up high). Rooms were clean and plenty of room, although they were not able to provide a fridge that we had requested. Staff were all very nice and wanted to be helpful; however, most were young and inexperienced. Seemed like the staff at a national park -- very well intentioned, but not very well trained (waiters didn't know how to credit bounceback breakfast; poolside waiters did not have menus). Check in staff very good and professional. Room service was very prompt and very helpful -- our daughter was sick one night and they put together a comfort food meal of yogurt, fruit and toast that was not on the menu; we really appreciated that. Concierge a complete waste!! Never answered the phone, unhelpful when we could contact them. Pool was very pleasant, even in 70-degree weather. Our kids (ages 13 and 11) loved the lazy river and waterslide. We got VERY sick of the Hole in the Wall restaurant; the other restaurant Lantana was supposed to open New Years Day but at the last minute the opening got put off for at least 3 weeks. Recommend the nearby (2 blocks away) Mexican restaurant Aunt Chilada's, great food and margaritas!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MiouMiou
<Content>Not What We Expected       The "View" from the bedroom. Note the brick wall and the size of the patio  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Onmessage1
<Content>A 3-Star Hilton, Not a 4-Star Resort This hotel has very nice rooms -- it's an all-suite property with excellent new beds. (In fact, I would give the Hilton beds nearly equal marks with Westin's heavenly versions.) But the rest of the property is bland. Think of a suburban version of a standard Hilton city location with a nice pool that is well landscaped. A couple of significant complaints: $12 per day to use the gym is out-of-hand, especially when factoring the cost of the room. Also, I'm very sorry but guests should not be penalized by kitchen renovations. Twice I had to send food back from room service for poor quality.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would stay there again Pros:Nice heated pools and water park, there are also pools located around the casitas which make for nice private areas for adults to sit and talk.The grounds are very nice and the staf were extremely friendly and helpful.For the hikers the location is close to Squaw peak so you don't have to travel too far.Cons: Our King bed studio suite was well designed and efficiently arranged for the extremely small living area that it was. Still the room was nice, we had robes, coffee maker, everything was fairly new and clean.The main restaurant was closed and the parking lot was torn up for repaving.If you go, stay in the casitas but get a larger unit than the studio. Also, go eat at Coup Des Tartes, this is a wonderful restaurant not far away. It is BYOB so you bring your own wine (they have a web site with a coupon for the corkage fee). It is a nice place especially if you have children. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>harki82e
<Content>Still good the second time around This is the second time I have came here. The first time I had a studio above a casita. This time I had a suite at the south tower. The room was very clean and modern. Comfy couch and big TV in the living room. Flat screen and marble counters in the bedroom. The king bed was very nice, plenty of pillows. I was worried that because it was a weekend that the waterpark would be crowded, it wasnt. The water park is great, all the water is heated to the point where you dont feel any chill at all when stepping in. They will give you as many towels as you want. They have a bar/cafe on site and is good for a burger or dog and a beer (they also will deliver food/drinks to your seat). I easily spent all day there. Loved the lazy river, waterslide, and the big waterfall. Tip- you are allowed to bring your own pool toys (as long as theyre not huge). The restaurant had very good food and the staff was very friendly. My waitress was able to keep her cool after being yelled at by some crazy lady with 4 kids that was sitting across from me. If the restaurant is to crowded, you can always call from your room, order to go, and pick it up 10 minutes later, then take it back and enjoy your fave TV show. The small pool was also nicely heated and good for a late night swim.Overall, its a great hotel for a great price. Shop around for a discount, dont get the rack rate. I found a deal for $90/night (govt discount) during the $120/night season. Also, if you go in the middle of Dec. before schools out, you can find a room for $70/night.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>5ofus
<Content>Over rated and dissapointing We chose this hotel after reading the good reviews -yes the grounds are pretty but we were so dissapointed with our stay, especially as I had phoned for advice and recommendations on packages and accommodations. ROOMS: We had a suite of sitting room with sofa sleeper and bedroom with 2 doubles. The first night we were in the south pointe block, very dated rooms with vanity at end of bed in main bedroom and only 4 small drawers for 5 peoples clothes for a week's stay!!!! The paint was flaking off the woodwork, the room smelled dirty even though it looked clean, and the bathroom was the most basic and I thought the smallest bathroom I have experienced in the USA. We had just spent all day driving so we just shut up and put up. Next morning we got transferred over to the north pointe block to an updated room on the ground floor which I had said was OK but the desk clerk failed to mention that there was a five foot screen blockwall enclosing our tiny patio because it adjoined the car park, the suite was tidier but the bathroom was even smaller than the first, a very short tub but slightly better shower head, thankfully the vanity had its own recess seperate to the bedroom and was pretty with granite countertop and nice fittings. You could only get out one side of the beds as I found out when I got up in the night and crashed into the wall and I am quite petite! There was more clothes storage though. Suites are better suited to a 4 people occupancy than 5, my teenage son was not amused that the maid had walked in 3 times by 8am, he was on the sofa sleeper and waiting to shower, he made sure he used the do not disturb sign after that. Registration told us that they were sorry we had been wrongly advised, we should have booked a casita.FOOD: We were advised to take out the bounceback breakfast package at an extra $20 + tax a night and that kids breakfast was free, our kids ages were on the confirmation slip so reservations knew 2 of them were over the age 12 cut off for kids meals. Bounceback breakfast only costs $8-50 at the table so it is cheaper to pay or charge it at the table on a daily basis than to purchase vouchers in advance, kids breakfast is not included but it is only $4, but our breakfast bill was an extra $15-$20 daily on top of what I had been quoted, we got another I'm sorry, you were misinformed. Also check your restaurant bill, ours was wrong 3 days out of 4 and the bounceback breakfast options varied depending on your server despite being written clearly on the menu- we opted to skip breakfast after that as we couldn't face any more meals there or any more 'I'm sorry but you were misinformed' comments - the other restaurant was closed. The restrooms in the hole in the wall are labelled 'squatters' and 'standers' which I actually found offensive.RIVER RANCH: The nightly rate only covers 4 people per suite, extra kids are $10 daily, another 'I'm sorry but you were misinformed' as I specifically asked if all resort fees were included for all 5 of us when I booked and was told - yes of course.River ranch has a lazy river (it is actually the river that is lazy, it is so slow you have to paddle yourself in order to move). There is 1 flume type slide, a toddlers pool, 2 swimming pools and a very hot spa, which I liked once they cleaned it out but I was the only one in it, others dipped toes, said ouch and walked away as it was so hot. My 5 year old was kept amused for about the same amount of time as in a regular hotel pool, my older kids were not particularly impressed and actually didn't bother swimming everyday, I had booked the hotel specifically to treat the kids to better pool facilities after they had seen the pool area on the website, they had been looking forward to staying there too.STAFF: Always friendly and courteous and very good at saying 'I am sorry you were misinformed'!! We pointed out our issues to the desk clerk when we checked out before our due departure date as the experience was ruining our vacation so much we checked into alternative accommodation, he refunded all unused bounceback vouchers and said 'Im sorry....... - you get the rest by now.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Chrella
<Content>Great stay We loved this hotel, the rooms are beautiful  the staff were very friendly  efficient. Unfortunately we only spent one night here  it was a weekday so that was probably an advantage as I expect at weekends it gets pretty crowded. Anyway I'd loved to have stayed longer  we are definitely planning to return.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>momzor
<Content>Beautiful location! What a beautiful hotel! We stayed only one night and arrived late (enjoyed Sedona too long) and our kids were very disappointed to find the River Ranch closing as we arrived. (It closes at 6 and opens at 9 a.m.) We had to leave in the morning so that was out too but we were able to enjoy one of the other pools. The room (2 room suite) was huge and the beds very comfy. There was a bar area with a refrig. and two TV's. It was an easy drive to a nice mall and we got to the airport in less than 20 minutes.Check-in was very easy with friendly staff. We would enjoy a stay here again if we had more time!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Anonam
<Content>Excellent Hotel - Luxurious - Living up to the Hilton Reputation I stayed here for 1 night only on business. We stayed in an array of hotels but this was by far the best. Check In was quick and easy. We arrived in our rooms and we upgraded to a suite. WOW!! Two huge very comfy beds, wide screen tv, lovely bathroom. Kitchen area with breakfast bar and sitting room area. All rooms do have balconies but they all dont have excellent views - if you are lucky you get pool view but others over look car parks etc - not so good!! We werent here for long but managed to sample to water slides and pools - they were lovely in nice settings. Also there are numerous other pools nearer to the rooms which have jacuzzis. These are open 24 hours which is good but there are a lot of kids here obviously so it gets a bit crowded. Had a meal at the hole in the wall restaurant which was nice - has a cow boy theme and sells grill type food. There was entertainmerment here. If you can sit outside here - I would as inside is quite poorly lit and we found it made you very drowsy indeed. Also it took quite a while for the food to be served but there was a large group of us so I suppose it could be expected. The service I found was very friendly nothing was too much trouble. There is also a shop onsite which sells souvenirs and drinks etc which is quite handy. Would have liked to spend a bit more time here as felt didnt really see they whole complex as it is fairly large. Only complaint I would have is we couldnt find any safes in the rooms. Not sure if they had any or they were too well hidden haha. All in all a great hotel - Definately 4*!!!!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dritter
<Content>Great family vacation Stayed at the Hilton Squaw Peak for a week with my family and my neighbour and his family. I am HH Diamond and booked both rooms and we were both upgraded to a Casita and given two breakfast vouchers per day. The kids (ages 5-9) loved the River ranch and the staff was very friendly and helpful. We went during early October and aside from the weekend there were very few people at the pools so it was fairly quiet. I even saw a few people floating down the lazy river reading a book éˆ¥?you probably couldnéˆ¥æª› do that during the high season. We also spent an afternoon at the Tapito Cliffs Hilton which was very nice but more suited to adults than families - although they did have a very good waterslide.All in all it was an excellent vacation and I will return next year.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>treborwf
<Content>Beautiful landscape....dangerous couch My fiancèŒ…e and I arrived at the Squaw Peak Hilton on 9/24 for 2 nights. As a Hilton gold card member we were upgraded to a very nice and spacious room. It had 1 and a half bathrooms, 2 TVs, kitchen area, large couch and a boardroom table that could seat 8! The only minus was the sink outside the bathroom éˆ¥?I so hate that.However, after getting settled in, I happened to notice a small shard of glass on the living room couch. This alarmed me as it is obviously dangerous if someone sat down or a child picked it up. Otherwise the room was very clean. On Monday 9/26, we awoke to a loud racket at 6:30 a.m. only to find a very large crane right outside our bedroom balcony doing some sort of building work. Needless to say, it ruined any chance of a restful morning. It finished at 9:00 a.m. My question is why did the management need to disturb guests at such an early hour? Had the noise began at 9:00 a.m., fair enough, but 6:30? Why so early and directly outside occupied rooms? The grounds were beautiful and the pool area was clean and well kept. The Hole in the Wall restaurant was good, but it was the only option for a restaurant as the other was being renovated. It was also the only bar available apart from the pool bar that had limited hours. I've never been in a Hilton hotel without an inside bar or at least a coffee shop. This had neither.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>nyella
<Content>nice family vacation spot! Just got back from a five day stay at Hilton Squaw Peak and found it to be a nice hotel. The suite was a nice change from having just a room, and the extra television set was great for my daughter. The beds were comfortable and had nice linens and a down comforter (although not what you need in Phoenix in August!!) I felt the room was dark and needed some updating. I don't care for sinks outside the bathroom...and you guessed it...here the sink is outside the bathroom! Initially, when we checked in we were given a first floor South suite location. This room was not to our liking, since it was in a dark part of the building that seemed out of the way! We immediately went back to the desk and they offered us a room on the fourth floor. The room was better...however, the elevator to get to the room had no a.c. and the fan did not work!! We realized this was a problem after we had already unpacked! So for five days, my daughter and I ran up and down the stairs to get to the room while my husband decided to tuff it out in the elevator! (Note: I told my husband we should complain about the elevator, but he insisted that this is probably something they are well aware of! To be continued...at end of review) They appeared to be doing lots of updating around the premises (but not to the elevator!) The pool area for the South building was closed due to renovations, however, during our stay, we never witnessed any renovation work going on there! The water park area was nice, and since we were there midweek, there were no crowds to contend with! The lazy river was soooo lazy that sometimes, we actually paddled our way through it! High marks for the cleanliness of the pool area (especially the bathrooms..kept nice and clean!).Ate several times at Hole in the Wall and was very pleased with the food. Had a great waitress the first time we ate there so we were sure to return. This waitress brought to our attention that kids eat free which we were unaware of! Nice bonus! However, upon our return visits, we were charged for our daughter's meal and had to remind our servers of this! The service got worse and worse with each return trip and we never saw that first waitress again! We ate at Aunt Chilada's and found it to be an excellent dining experience! (great chips!!)Also had breakfast at 5th and Diner and enjoyed it! Every time we wanted to eat away from the hotel, we needed to drive at least 10-15 mins. to do so. I would have liked a hotel that had places to eat and shop that were a bit closer or walkable. Before I selected this hotel for our stay, I read many reviews and selectedthe Hilton based on the information I gathered. The kid-friendly factor was key to my selection of this hotel and our daughter did enjoy the water park facilities. I would have liked spiffier accommodations for my husband and I to feel a bit pampered, but I guess at the rate we got, it was what we paid for! Back to the elevator story....(I didn't forget!!) when we were checking out, I decided to mention to the desk person that the elevator in our part of the building had no a.c. or fan and that it caused lots of inconvenience for us. She said they were unaware of this and that no one else mentioned it! My husband didn't believe her but she did seem sincere...who knows?  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>KarenJamesBerkshire
<Content>Squaw Peak scores high Good hotel, with excellent facilities and the restaurants were surprisingly good value considering it was the Hilton. Food was excellent, in the Hole in the Wall and the other restaurant. Recommend you buy the $9.00 a day ticket which allows you to play the golf, ride the lazy river to into the fitness room etc. Fitness room was very well equipped. Rooms could do with a little updating but excellent on the whole and would recommend.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>HarvestMoon
<Content>Great weekend getaway My husband and I spent the weekend enjoying this excellent resort at a great summer rate. We had a regular suite that was very nice and comfortable. The bed was a little hard but not too bad. The room faced the patio instead of the pool so it was quiet even at night when everyone came back from the water park. The River Park was lots of fun even if you don't have kids. The slide and river float were enjoyable and it's a great place for people watching. When it got too crowded for us, we went to one of the smaller pools. Tip: the drinks are $1 cheaper at the bar next to the pool behind the main lobby than they are in the Park. If you just want to sit in the water and have a few drinks, then spend the afternoon there while all of the other guests are in the big pool.The service was outstanding from the room service guy to the pool boys. Everyone was friendly and seemed to really enjoy their jobs. The location was good because it was only a few blocks to Highway 51 (Squaw Peak Express) and you can get to all of the other highways quickly from it. The baseball park was only 15 minutes away and the Improv nightclub in Tempe was only 20 minutes (we did not travel during rush hour). I shopped around heavily for rates and as usual, the Hilton web site had the best rates and packages. We will definitely return next summer.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to go with the family! We stayed at this hotel for 6 days and did not want to leave. We had a very relaxing time and enjoyed the lazy river, water slide and the dive in movie on Saturday night. Our son is 4 and is just learning to swim. We took off his life vest and he was able to slide down the slide by himself. One of us was waiting to catch him in the 3 foot deep water below. The slide is perfect for smaller children and adults that can't handle huge slides (like my husband!). The drinks by the pool were a little expensive but snacks and beverages were located right by the pool. The restrooms were very clean -even at the end of the day. We ate most days at the Hole in the Wall and never had a bad meal. The chili, ribs, salads and chicken were all very good and the portions were huge. The only bad meal we had was breakfast at the Lantanta grill. The service was terrible. I swear they had one waitress for the whole restruant. We got one cup of coffee and never saw the waitress again. We had to go search for the check and the people sitting next to us finally got their own water because nobody elso was around to do it. We loved our room. It was perfect for us. Our son who wakes up very early was able to go into the other room and watch T.V. while the rest of us slept in the bedroom. We would recommend this hotel to everyone. The only other complaint I have was about the railing outside of our room. There was a huge space on either side of the railing. It didn't look to be damaged-it just had huge gaps. The first thing my son did was to inform us that he could stick his head through the hole. My husband pulled him back in time. I did say something to a security personal -but of coure he told me that a child couldn't fit though the railing. I told him my whole body could fit through the hole when I turned sidways and I weigh 140lbs. I am mentioning this problem because though I loved this hotel, I don't want any child to fall. We really did like this hotel but when you stay there I am sure you will see the gaps in the railing for yourself and if you have small children will understand my being very nervous about this. If more people complain-I hope they will fix it. We are looking forward to staying here again. We also found the hotel personal to be very friendly and helpful. They were so nice in the giftshop. We bought some presents for friends and for our daughter because it was her 1st birthday. We later returned to our room to find a present for her from the staff in the giftshop. It was so unexpected and our daughter loved the bear and so did we!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great family resort I spent a week with my wife and 2 teenagers (14 and 12) at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak Resort. The positives far outweighed the negatives.Checkin/Checkout - Easy and quick. A bit of pressure from the bellman to have them assist you with your luggage, but the gentlemen who ended up helping us was very nice and helpful.Room - We had a 2 bedroom casita in the back of the resort. The 2 level casita was spacious, clean, comfortable and well-equiped. 3 total TV's, all of good quality and size. High-speed internet is $10/day and worked well. There was a fullsize refrigerator in the casita and a microwave. The casitas are far from new, so there were certainly a reasonable amount of paint cracks, carpet stains, tile disclorations. Nothing that anyplace that age wouldn't have. The air conditioning worked great!Resort - The resort is large and very quiet, considering how many people were there. It is very well kept up, and the views of Squaw Peak are great. The pools did get a bit crowded, but we had no problem finding lounges. Towels were provided at all pool areas. Outside of the main water park, the other pools were quite small, but plentiful. Kids loved the lazy river (it's a bit too lazy I think). A negative for me are that there did not seem to be a bar area that was open late. Also, there did not seem to be a game room or some central location for the kids to congregate.Restaurants - I had numerous meals and drinks at the pool bar. Service was friendly and quick and the prices were reasonable for a resort. If you start a tab there check your closeout bill carefully as I was charged for others orders. It was taken care of by the staff without any issue. I had breakfast one day in the Hole In the Wall and it was quite good and reasonably priced.Location - I mentioned the mountain view earlier and that is a big plus. There is a supermarket and Walgreen right down the street which we found handy. Highway 51 (North/South) is also right down the street and was used often. Fairly close to airport. It's ~ 15 minutes to Scottsdale, so if you plan to spend a lot of time there, you may want to consider one of the many resorts there.Overall, a winner.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Kids Had Fun; Great Place To Stay My family (wife, mother-in-law, 2 boys (3 and 5)) and I stayed at Pointe Hilton Squaw in July/August for 6 nights. We got the dining package ($129/night) which includes $50 meal voucher and stayed in the South Tower on the 3rd floor. Pros: The $50 voucher and combined with the kids eat free was great. The family had a great dinner every evening and I paid only about $7-10 bucks out of pocket for tip which fed 5 people. We primarily ate at Hole In The Wall restaurant. The food was good and this restaurant is definitely more geared toward family and kids than Lantana, the other restaurant on the property.The rooms were nice, clean, and quiet. We got a 2 double-bed suite. Air-conditioning worked fine even in the hot August days.The kids had a great time at the River Ranch as well as the pool in the South Tower. Two TV's allowed the two boys to watch their programs and not fight. Laundry facilities on 4th floor was easy to use.Cleaning staff was very helpful. We requested a mini frig and microwave for our rooms and they brought them up (subject to availability). The room includes a mini-bar fridge, but this is stocked with overpriced hotel goodies. Having our own fridge allowed us to stock up on munchies from a grocery store down the street (Bashas) and the kids munched away for much cheaper.Cons: $10/day charge for Internet access. Most hotels that I stayed at included this for free. $10/dy charge to use the gym. This is part of a value package that includes other things (e.g. minature golf on-site, we didn't try this). No complimentary continential breakfast. I tried to call the Front Desk/Reception from my room on a couple of occassions and never was able to get through. I had to walk down to the lobby to get my questions answered.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>give me a fan.................. We stayed for one night in July. The River Ranch Water Park was a lot of fun, but don't forget your sandals. The concrete gets very hot! Our room was very nice, but it was a little toasty. We called for a fan at about 10pm and was told they were all out. The thermostat in the room read 72 degrees, but I don't think that was correct. I will stay here again with my own fan.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KitCadbury
<Content>Family fun  Stayed from 3 nights from 28 June. Booked directly through their website  selected a Bounceback Vacation at $99 nightly which included breakfast for two adults. We were advised during a quick, pleasant and straightforward check-in that kids eat free on this deal - this was not advertised so came as a very welcome surprise. Optional $9 daily resort passes were explained to us but we were not pressured to buy them. [In fact these seemed to represent very good value when shared by a family who would use the additional facilities]. On booking I had requested only that our room be not too far from pools. We were allocated a remodelled room top floor North Tower: Yes our balcony overlooked the inescapable car park but directly beyond that only mountains with fantastic view of sunrise [which with jet lag we were able to fully appreciate each morning!].... and excepting the Casitas it was as close as could be to the River Ranch pools.The Hotel and Grounds were attractively landscaped and commendably vigilently maintained. Our suite itself was immaculate - spacious, comfortably but not overfussily furbished, well laid out  generous storage. The bathroom  dressing areas  fittings superb. Wonderfully comfortable Beds and especially the plumpest ever pillows get a special thumbs up.The River Ranch was great for families with younger kids - nothing too hardcore for thrill seeking teenagers mind. One decent Water Slide, [very] lazy river, waterfalls, sporty pools set up for volleyball, basketball etc, kids pools - you name it. It was at all times generously staffed and very well maintained. I was particularly impressed with Poolside RestRooms - which can't be easy to keep spotless all day long but they managed. Refrigerated drinking water was freely available throughout the resort. Pool water was probably more heavily chlorinated than your skin appreciates but certainly not more so than other hotel pools. River Ranch opening hours were from 8.30am to 8.30pm but the good-sized and [while we were there] tranquil courtyard pools and hot tubs are open from 5.30am until... 11pm, I think - so if you are noise sensitive you might not appreciate being allocated a ground floor room in this area. The Kids Koyote Club was way out of our budget to send the Kids just for the fun of it if you were remaining on-site [about $60 per child per day session I think?] but no dobt a valuable service for those here on a conference or needing some time out. They also offered a great $5 midday movie  popcorn to entice the kids out of the midday sun. We ate three times at the Hole in the Wall Restaurant: Two breaksfasts and one dinner. Service and food both consistently exceptional - very child friendly indeed. The lovely location of the terrace overlooking the River Ranch is the icing on the cake. Lest this review read like I am a share-holder [although after this experience I might just consider?] let me say that our only negative experience was a breakfast at the Lantana Grill [this place seems more oriented to Squaw Peaks other key market - Conference - than family market]. On our visit here customers seemed to be outnumbered by staff about 3 to one yet it took 20 minutes to have our order taken and another 30 for our breakfasts to arrive - when it did the orders were wrong but we were running so late by then I confess we let it go. Lantana Grill menu prices seemed comparable to Hole in the Wall but neither portions nor quality of food was close. The staff stood around in large groups talking and ignoring us. When I visited the restroom it clearly hadn't been checked for hours as the bins were flowing over and the wet floor strewn with wet towels .. and crawling along the foor I saw the only cockroach I spotted in the entire resort grounds.We also dined at the adjacent Aunt Chiladas Mexican which has been enthusiastically reviewed on this site. I confess I was very disappointed with the food which appeared at our table in the blink of an eye after our orders were taken ........ and was bland and overcooked. However I do have to admit their complimentary chips  dips are as good as any I ever tasted and the ambience was great!  We were fortunate to visit midweek when the resort was lively enough to be buzzing but not in any way crowded. As we were leaving [start of July 4 holiday weekend] the hotel was clearly heavily booked and getting hectic - possibly I may not have enjoyed that weekend quite so much. Nor would it be my first choice for a romantic weekend away from the kids. I have no doubt that there are more exclusive resorts in Phoenix - with plusher pool towels, but in this price range? - at $99 daily with a delicious  generous breakfast for four, lovely environment to relax in, all day entertainment poolside without having to fork out an extra penny ... and the best nights sleep away from home - why it quite distracted me from lamenting the heat!If I were management at the Hilton Squaw Peak I would be extremely proud of my staff who succeed in keeping the place so pristine and providing a genuine welcome for families.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Fantastic Resort, overall We've just returned from a trip which included a week's stay at this Ponte Hilton. Over 20 of us were in Phoenix from the UK for a wedding. Everyone was blown away with the resort's facilities for a pretty good price. It was great having the extra room in the one-bedroom suites. The casitas were great as well but not sure if they were worth the extra money although they were in a great setting. The water park was fantastic for kids and we could have done with longer there. Restaurants were good although the service in the Laguna Grill was pretty slow - fine if you're not in a hurry. We were woken up one morning at 4am by maintenance as a faulty toilet had flooded our apartment and was starting to flood downstairs. We did feel that the hotel could at least have offered us a free breakfast for the inconvenience of waking our family up in the middle of the night while they mopped up for 1.5 hours! I would have not hesitated in giving 5 stars if they had handled the flood better.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place We just returned from a recent stay at the resort. With the summer rate for a regular room/suite hovering around 80 bucks a night, one can put up with the 110 degree heat. The suites have two queen beds and a sofa bed in the TV room. Restaurants at the resort were outstanding, and Lantana's Grill has french fries to die for (according to my 6-year-old who is a bona fide conoisseur of chicken strips and french fries). The Hole-in-the-Wall restaurant poolside is a nice way to get the kids to eat something, as it takes about 15-20 minutes of being in an air-conditioned place to get their appetites rejuvenated after swimming in the pool. Prices were very reasonable at both restaurant locations.The pool was great - the slide was just enough to keep the kids busy, the waterfall is also fun.Rest assured we will be staying at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak again and again .  
<Date>Jul 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful stay!! My son and I just returned from phoenix. Everything was great. The bellmen were especially helpful. We did not have a car and they were very accomodating with rides all over town. The hotel was very clean and we had a nice room in the south pointe area. We used the Tapatio cliffs pool as well, a little quieter in the midweek, more room to swim. Still kids, not as many. Thank you for such a nice time  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific Desert Playground for the Family!       Balcony View North Point Suites  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not So 'Hilton' Like We spent only 2 nights at this hotel, sort of a mini vacation for my daughter to enjoy the water park area. The first room we were given was a handicapped room (we're not handicapped but the room was very spacious!!!), and it had no seal on part of the door, so bugs could come right in, you could see a lot of light on the bottom of the door. I notified the front desk and requested a new room. We were moved to a different room, but realized it had the same problem. I didn't want to be a bother and request a third room, so we stayed. Also, the ceiling on the patio appeared to be moldy, it had black splotches all over it. Someone from housekeeping came in our room without knocking right after we got settled in and were getting ready to go swimming. My daughter was completely naked putting on sunscreen in the front room (had a room with a front room near the main door and a bedroom). This lady just stood there with the door wide open trying to hold a conversation with me while my child was standing there naked. She didn't leave until I told her to Get Out!! That was the worst experience for my daughter. She was so embarrassed! The bathroom sink was nearly impossible to turn off and it dripped constantly if you didn't use all of your strength to turn it off. Then our dinner at Hole In The Wall was so burned, it was not edible. Not to mention I asked for no onions and no peppers, I got both, but I didn't get the tomatoes that were supposed to come with it. The manager was great about that, he didn't charge us for the meal and gave us dessert for free too. That was nice and our other meals there were fine. I had a magnetic Organ Donor ribbon stolen off my car while we were there. Room service took about an hour to deliver and the quality of food was poor. The salad actually made me sick. They also had some sort of sports teams there and the kids were running all over the hotel very late. They were knocking on doors and being very loud. I called the front desk and they said they would put a stop to it. They didn't. The final straw for me was the salon. I went to Toca Sierra Salon for highlights. The next day, it was not even noticeable that I had it done. They used too dark of a color, so I spent another hour there getting it re-done. Including tip, I spent $100, and it wasn't a good job. It's so far from the roots, it looks like I need to have it re-done already, and I do. After returning home, I contacted the salon manager. She was awesome about the whole situation and is refunding me all of what I spent and sending a certificate for a free massage. I have yet to hear back from the hotel manager in order to get the hotel-related matters resolved, but at least the salon was quick to respond and was very helpful in the situation I encountered. I guess if you do choose this hotel, make sure your doors are locked at all times and check the room they give you top to bottom before you unpack and ask for a different room if you see a problem. Don't be afraid to speak up, it helps the hotel to address issues for future guests' comfort too! Hope this helps you.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice The resort was very nice. There were a few problems. First the resturants are tooooo expensive for a family vacation. Second when the river ranch closes all the annoying children come to the quieter pools closest to your room. Third nice hotel for families but, if you want one on one time with your spouse find another hotel. Fouth they charge for everything internet $11.14 a day tax included, $5.00/person for the onsite putt-putt golf,  $12.00/day for the fitness facilities; They try to make it a little better by offering a so called resort value pack which includes all above except for the internet for $9.00/day. THE BIGGEST ONE OF THEM ALL If you reserved your room with a visa debit card and don't use credit cards the hotel will hold an additional $50.00/day of your stay. That one came as ahuge surprise seeing as that was the first time that had ever happened to me I have always reserved and payed for hotels that way. Other than that I guess my stay was one of enjoyment.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A cool place in a hot location Stayed here the last week in May while attending a conference. Although we had to wait over 3 hours to check-in, once in the room, we had a great experience. The room had a separate bedroom, living room, and separate areas for the bath/shower and sink. Doors for both areas made it possible to have more privacy. Room service was very good, housekeeping was excellent, and the recreational activities (pool, etc.,) were very enjoyable. My wife enjoyed her massage at the spa and we both liked the pools. Food was generally good, but a bit pricey. The hotel was spread out and required a map to navigate. Good gift shop with some snack food available, free newspaper each morning, and the AC was wonderful during a time of record heat. The ice cream shop was also very good. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Fun at a Great Price! Our family of five just returned from our fourth visit in two years. It's a great place for kids and the rooms are neat, clean and large. We were upgraded to a casita close to the water park this time and enjoyed it so much. It's a great, fun adventure for the price. We played tennis, miniature golf, went down the slide and swam all day. We liked the short walk to Aunt Chilita's each evening for their great chips and salsa and the fried ice cream. The health club is great, too. We worked out each day and used the steam room. The staff was excellent, friendly and attentive. They were packed on the weekend last year so we chose a weekday this year when the attendance is low. From here we've gone to the Fairmont Princess and had a perfect vacation at a great price for June or September when the temperatures are still bearable. We'll be back, hopefully, this fall.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Water Park, room was average at best Hilton Squaw Peak has a great water park (River Ranch) for the kids. I even enjoyed the lazy river myself. There were plenty of floaties and balls to play volleyball. The pool staff and maid service were helpful and friendly. My only problem with the water park is that we had to walk across a parking lot where you could not see oncoming cars. We also had to walk past a shipping/receiving area where there was quite a bit of a traffic flow. Not too comforting with children. The casitas, however, are directly connected to the water park. The hotel suite was disappointing. We were on the ground level and it was very dark due to a 5 foot concrete wall surrounding the patio area. The hotel had a fully stocked bar, but the prices were outrageous. $6.00 for a 1/2 liter bottle of water!! $5.00 for a packet of necessities (i.e. toothbrush, travel size toothpaste, disposable razor). This struck me as being odd because most hotels provide these free of charge at the front desk. Glad we didn't forget anything. All in all it was a good time.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Worldtraveler100
<Content>Great Room at a great price We had suite S109 with a couch, chair, wet bar and fridge filled with overpriced goodies as well as a large television in the sitting room The separate bedroom also had a television and sink. The toilet and shower/tub were in a separate room. Neither room was large, but they were fine for the two of us and the linens were a good quality - The towels were soft, absorbent and plentiful-and the rooms were fresh, clean and well maintained and just steps from a pool -and all for $89./night plus taxes. it was a special price for a class reunion, but it seemed like anyone could say they were there for the event and get the price. -It seems like you could check with the reservations department and find out what groups would be there at the time you wanted to stay and join the group in spirit and savings! The staff was helpful and got us information on restaurants and directions to get to them. The food at the bar-b-que restaurant was horrible - nearly inedible - but we found the El Paso Bar-B-Que in Glendale to be terrific, cheap and hugh portions - Have an ice cream soda at the Sugar Bowl on Scottsdale Blvd. and Indian School Rd.- a fifty year old ice cream shop that is still a treat! The Buffet brunch at the Camelback Inn was great - take a book, sit outside, spend the morning and eat as much as you like - they were very welcoming - The Biltmore is not to be missed - a great place to visit and a good place for breakfast - Or if you have the time and money the Wright Place is supposed to be great. THE BEST PLACE TO VISIT IN THE PHOENIX AREA IS PAOLO SOLERI'S ARCOSANTI - FIND IT ON THE INTERNET AND BE SURE TO VISIT - FACINATING.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful experiences, third time there Being in Phoenix is treat enough, but we have absolutely loved our stays at this resort. The grounds are gorgeous and the feeling is luxurious. You can also get great deals. We have stayed in the smaller room/suites twice and were thoroughly satisfied -- but this last time, we were upgraded to a casita at the lower price, even though we had reserved only a suite. We did stay four days, and were absolutely thrilled. We were in a quiet nook near a pool, and had an upper deck, dining area with hummingbirds, a kitchenette (no oven or cooktop but yes to microwave and fridge) living room with pullout sofa, two baths with luxurious robes and towels, and a huge bedroom with queen size beds. The price -- a little over $115 per night. I was flabbergasted. We found the staff attentive and they went out of their way to pamper us. As with some other reviews, I am not real fond of the restaurants onsite, although the poolside service at the resort is fun and attentive. We do highly recommend AuntChiladas, which is off grounds and has great ambiance and margaritas with unique chips and appetizers.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A fantastic resort! Our 10 day stay at a casita at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak Resort was fabulous - mostly due to the doting and efficient staff. The head of the desk staff is excellent, and she made sure that we were constantly pampered. The concierge staff was excellent, as was every other staff member that we encountered. The rooms are comfortable, especially the beds with their lush down pillows and duvets. The place is well-equipped and kept clean and neat. The paint and furnishings, however, could use some updating. The hotel has extensive and gorgeous grounds - with pools galore, a lazy river, and a health club. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak, and wouldn't hesitate to return.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Oskado
<Content>The Tale of an Idiot Desk Clerk While the facilities are acceptable, and in some cases great (water park), the desk staff could be judged somewhere between incompetent and hostile. We arranged with a girl at the desk to provide a room key to our son who was arriving later in the day, and for whom we'd reserved an extra room. She smilingly assured us all would be taken care of. When we returned late in the afternoon, we discovered by phone that our son's room still was not ready and that he hadn't checked in. We suspected something amiss and so waited in line to talk with the smiling girl who'd promised everything would go so smoothly. She avoided talking to us - before our turn arrived, she signalled to a male desk clerk to take care of us, though at that point we'd given no signs of being upset. We simply wanted to know if our son had arrived. She obviously knew things had not proceeded according to plan and was afraid to face us.We were directed - rather escorted - to speak to a male desk clerk who was already bristling, though nothing had yet been said. My wife asked if our son had arrived and was told yes. Was he given a key to our room? No, because he hadn't a picture ID! But he has his passport - he just flew in from Montreal, my wife said. Lower your voice when you're speaking to me! the man replied, though I didn't note anything extraordinary in her tone. His escapist reply might have been comical, were it not so rude. But we arranged for him to be given a key... my wife continued, nearly whispering, and glancing to her side at the (formerly) smiling girl who was now leaving the reception area to escape any possibility of becoming involved.I was wondering what the man would say in regard to the passport - obviously our son could not fly in without an adequate picture ID. Don't point your hand at me! the man instead replied, though all my wife was doing was resting her right hand (she was holding our car keys) on the countertop, while her left hand was still holding her purse.That desk clerk could be termed a cretin, a loose cannon, an untrained or idiot Faulty Towers like clerk - whatever - but I have little inclination to ever return to that hotel just because of him and the smiling girl who apparently feared involvement because her colleague had probably intervened and refused my son a key.The Pointe's grounds at Squaw Peak are extensive. We searched for our son for nearly an hour before we found him - our paths between the Hole in the Wall and Dantano restaurants and the pool, convention center and room nearly crossed several times, till finally we called for the Nth time on one of the hotel phones and received word he'd checked in What a joke! It was after 4:00 p.m. We also received a message on our room phone to that effect.The following day, the idiot clerk graced with us a perky good morning, etc., while the smiling girl avoided looking. I felt a strong inclination to answer his good morning with Don't raise your voice at me!, but why escalate things with a moron.They've got a great water park - and maybe it justifies dealing with idiots. I'll leave that matter to other guests to balance out. Some items in our room were non-functional (e.g. high-speed Internet), but I could easily have overlooked them - in fact, one can overlook a lot of small deficiencies, if only the staff is civil. All it took was a friendly attitude, an apology and display of some concern - none of which that idiot displayed.  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tiny Room Good stuff: many pools (kids will be very happy), comfortable beds and nice sheets and towels, extensive fitness center, very fair resort fee is optional and is well disclosed and includes phone calls and fitness center.Bad stuff: TINY (European-size) room 3071. Do not be fooled by hotel website which implies all suites. Expect the broom closet if you use Priceline as we did. No refrigerator or minibar or safe in our room. Terrible breakfast experiences at both restaurants: long waits and/or horrible service. Generally indifferent staff attitudes.  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>3	3	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Family Resort April 2005 Nice facility. Great Front Office and Bell Staff. Very knowledgeable. Gave awesome directions to 2 different locations in Phoenix. The standard room with 2 queen beds and parlor is nice, clean, if a bit dated. Everything worked except tub had a clog, but they came lightning fast to fix it. Our 3 kids loved the pools...ages 14, 11 and 9. The lazy river is nice, the facility is clean, again, a bit dated perhaps, but still quite nice. Overall, for $144 internet pre-paid rate, you can't beat it! No need to pay huge rates at neighboring resorts in my view...the kids want a fun place to swim, we want a clean room and nice staff, and we found it here.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cdelacey777
<Content>Squaw Peak Hilton The Hilton in Phoenix North by Squaw Peak is very nice, cozy and has a great atmosphere as well as good restraunts. I loved to walk the shady gardens and just sit outside in the warm Arizona air. The only problem I had there was a very moldy bathtub stopper which I reported to management and the problem was dealt with quickly. Otherwise it was clean and comfortable, very good service and very good value for the money. I would recommend it very highly.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome family vacation The area was absolutely BEAUTIFUL! The hotel staff was very friendly and accomodating. We traveled with two children one age 10 and the other age 4. They had a great time! The pool was great and very kid friendly. We didn't see much of our 10 year old while at the pool, he was too busy with all the friends he was making on a daily basis and the best part was the area was very safe so there wasn't much need for worry. The 4 year old loved the lazy river and once we bought him his own little float he loved it even more. We had a beautiful room in the South building with a wonderful balcony that faced the Phoenix mountains. What a sight every morning as the sun came over the top of those mountains! The restaurants on site were a little pricey, but not any more than any other eatery in the area. The food was very good and at times it was nice not to have to get in the car to go anywhere to eat, you just had to walk over and order what you wanted. It was the most relaxing vacation we've had in a long time and we will go back without a doubt. Besides Disney, our kids say it's the best and we will have to agree.....Arizona is a beautiful state and if you are on the fence about staying at this hotel, jump off and book it right away! You won't be sorry!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>anewman3
<Content>Poor Service Our recent stay at The Pointe at Hilton Squaw Peak Resort on a scalefrom 1 to 10 was about a 5.We stayed in one of the two bedroom Casitas and although it was clean itdid have an old musty smell. The Cicada was very out-dated and in needof a few upgrades, particularly the carpet. They spared no expense onthe beds. The beds were very comfortable with down blankets andpillows. My 9 year old daughter said that this wouldn't be a 3 starhotel if it wasn't for the beds.The Hole in the Wall restaurant was good food and average service. Thefirst couple of meals were fine but one morning for breakfast we waitedover 40 mins. And never saw our food or water again. We had to trackhim down in order to get our bill because my wife had meetings toattend. They did box up my food to take with me at no charge. Theyinformed us that they were very busy that morning and apologized. The service by the pool was horrendous. There were very few people totake care of a very large area. We had an average wait time of about ahalf hour for a drink. At one point a server had noticed that a halfdozen flags on our lounge chairs were up and he told us that our serverwas busy and he walked off and sat down next to a girl sun bathing andcontinued to talk to her while we waited. When our guy did show upthere were so many orders to take it was another 20 mins before wereceived our drinks. Oh, and he forgot my two daughters' drinks...After that I decided to just go to the bar (Slim Picken's) myself. Onlyproblem here is there isn't enough staff to service all of the serversand people at the bar and people that can't get served. While my wifewas in meetings we were at the pool and the service continued like thisfor three days until my very hungry wife (day 3) who was never servedbreakfast met us by the pool for lunch. We figured a hotdog lunch anddrinks but we only saw one server and because of this the line at thebar was about a 30 min wait. My wife had called to let the manager knowthat the pool was way under staffed and that if we can't get served andcan't bring anything into the pool area, how were we going to eat? The manager sent us the director of the Slim Picken's and Hole in theWall. This guy was very nice and apologetic and offered to get us aseat at the Hole in the Wall but we informed him that there was a chancewe would get served because or our earlier experience at breakfast.This man not only personally served us lunch by the pool but hecompletely fixed the pool services problem. Six people showed up andall the lines went away. Servers were walking around asking if youwanted anything because everyone was taken care of. He also to oursurprise took care of our dinner bill that night.We also ate at the Aunt Chiladas restaurant. Very good food and itcould have been a coincident but we had an ok service the first night sowe went back the next night and in took about two hours from time we satdown to the time we got our bill. Great food though...  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>deblikestotravel
<Content>Squaw Peak need a face-lift Stayed here from 3/30-4/4/05. We rented a two bedroom casita as we were traveling with my parents and our two girls. The casita was large enough for all of us. Nice size living area, small kitchen, nothing other than refridgerator and microwave. The bedrooms were fine. The bathrooms needed better lighting. I guess I just feel when you are paying $700.00 a night it should be nice, not just alright. It was very dated looking, dark and worn-out looking. The large pool and lazy river were nice, but very crowded. You had to stake out chairs very early in the morning. We normally just went over to go on the lazy river then came back to the small pool by our casita to swim and lay out. We had a nice time, but probably would not stay here again unless it is renovated.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>KashmirLZ
<Content>Great Place for kids We stayed over Spring Break for 4 nights, March 17 - 21. There were 5 of us (kids 7, 5, and 2), in a 2BR/2.5BA Casita.Pros: Tons of room in the Casita, the lower level living area is huge, with a kitchenette too, covered parking, and a large deck upstairs. We had a 2 BR for 5 of us but a 1BR would have worked fine because of the two Queen beds and a pull-out sofa and 1/2 bath downstairs. Nice big pool area. The kids loved the lazy river and water slide. Excellent fitness center with plenty of free weights, machines, and cardio. Great kids concierge area with plenty of free games to check out.Cons: We had breakfast everyday in the restaurants, mainly because I had vouchers. Terrible service. Yes it was crowded but they are still severely understaffed. Also breakfast was expensive ($12-$15 for a so-so buffett that didn't include coffee or juice). The last 2 days we just went with the buffett anyway because the wait to order and get your food was so long. The rooms, though large and fine for us, are definitely dated. The hotel needs a remodel fairly soon. Though it was obviously a busy time of year, the pool area got very crowded with few chairs to be after 10:00.Overall, a nice place to stay in a pretty good location, especially if you love to swim and have the little ones with you.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>COTRNA
<Content>Great change of pace for spring break Just returned from 7 nts at Squaw Peak Resort March 19-26th. Two families went with 5 kids ages 2, 5, 6, 7 and felt the resort was better than expected for families. We stayed at the South Pointe Suites and found them fairly comfortable for a family of 5. Splurge for a Casita if rates are decent and money is not an issue. The Coyote Club for kids is 5-Stars. Their Staff is first class all the way. Our kids begged us to go again and again - it was well worth the money. We only wish it was included in the price of our stay. We all enjoyed the hole-in-the wall restaurant at night with the fire pit, the creamery, Aunt Chiladas, the pools. and mini-golf course. The main pool was a bit crowded, then again, it was spring break. Spent a few mornings at the sister resort, Tapatito Cliffs which was a nice change of pace. Staff was warm and friendly at both. Took a guided hike, enjoyed the spa, and many other attractions AZ has to offer such as the Botanical Gardens, Rawhide, Spring Training Baseball games, and more. We all had a great time and highly recommend this resort. Yes, there are nicer resorts in the area, but this one is perfect for families with small children and affordably priced.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time We just spent 6 days and 5 nights at the Squaw Peak Resort. Our family had a great time. The staff was good and we enjoyed the lazy river, slide and pool areas. The tennis courts were also nice. The minature golf course was okay for those wanting to have a little fun. Our family would recommend this resort for other families.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>happycamper1
<Content>A great family holiday! We went to the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak last March. We arrived in the pouring rain. It was flooded everywhere but we didn't mind cause there was no snow!Our check in went very smoothly. We were offered bellhop service but chose to find our room ourselves. We had requested that we be away from the 24 hour pools (less noisy) and on the top floor if possible. Both our requests were met. Our room was clean, spacious and even had a microwave! Our view was of the parking lot but was partially screened by a huge palm tree growing right outside our window. We were at the very end of the row of rooms closest to the side entrance into the complex.-good because there weren't people walking back and forth in front of our room... bad because the view wasn't great from either window! (Also the garbage truck came in the side entrance and you might be disturbed by the noise)We bought the BounceBack package which gave us food vouchers for breakfast every day at either of the two restaraunts on the property. A very good deal (We loved both of them) .Lantana had great Mexican shredded beef! Hole in the Wall was more fun being right outside by the pool. Suggestion to those who have read this far... get there early 'cause it fills up fast. We never ate the buffet because there were so many other tasty things on the menu. As for lunch, we broke the bank and ordered poolside, heh you only live once! The quesadillas were quite good!Dinner we went off property. Aunt Chilladas across the street was very good. Large servings of Mexican and reasonably priced. It is a hike from the far side of the property, so have the bellman drive you over in his cart! We went way out of town to a place that had sawdust on the floor and neckties hanging from the ceiling (this place was in one of our guide books, maybe Frommers) and it was a waste of money. Sorry I can't recall the name! The pool... lots of fun, even for my 12 and 13 year old boys. They enjoyed floating very slowly (it was very crowded and bottle necks occurred lots) down the lazy river and they also had fun in the larger pool as well. Another hint for those who are still reading... the lounge chairs can be very hard to get especially under an umbrella. Make sure to get up early and get down to the pool so that you can get a chair. I mean stand in line at the pool entrance before it opens , lots of others will be there already, I promise you!!! (Warning -Don't try to save a chair by sneaking in early thru the tennis courts - there are empoyees who watch for this tactic and will take your stuff away or send you back out on your way!!! First hand experience!)We had fun playing tennis; choosing early morning or evening court times to avoid the heat. Be sure to book reservations because they too fill up!Have fun. You won't be disappointed in this family resort destination!This is a very good property for families, Try it , you'll see!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>greenirish
<Content>What a great place! My family just returned from a 4 day getaway. We really enjoyed the WARM pools, the beautiful grounds, and the friendly staff. The water park is fun but the lobby pool is so close and warm. It rained quite a bit but we went in the pool anyway and it was great! The spa was a bit pricey so we passed on that, same with the on grounds resturants. We will be back next year!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Memorable trip We stayed there for Christmas and had one of the most memerable times. The staff was extremely delightful and welcoming, because we have so many kids (5), they gave us a presidential suite free when my wife asked for an upgrade. The water rides were all open and warm. We asked for fun spots and one person recommended rawhide. It is a western town decorated for the holidays, and it is well worth the drive. We view our family video of our vacation often and plan on returning for future trips.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aug60
<Content>Ok, but nothing great. We selected this hotel because of the water park for the children. They did enjoy it, but it wasn't as exciting as the literature led us to believe. The lazy river was very lazy--really, really slow. The kids went to the pool underwater bar after closing and thought it was a blast (no drinking of course). The room was adequate, but not terribly bright. The first room we were assigned, on the first floor, was very dark. I would not recommend those rooms. The bedroom was decent size. Beware though--both beds were very uncomfortable for us. The living area was ok. Our guidebook described the grounds as lushly planted. That was a bit generous. The grounds are nice, but again, nothing spectacular. Staff was very nice. The Latanya grille was pretty good and had fabulous corn bread. Restaurant within walking distance, Aunt Chiladas, had a very nice courtyard and good food. Overall, the hotel was a decent value (we paid $110 a night) but not a place to get excited about.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jerri_Blank
<Content>Casitas are comfortable Stayed in a bi-level casita for a week. It was very comfortable, the bed was good. The layout was good, and it was quiet and felt pretty private. The property is very large. They have a good workout room which does get crowded. The location is Phoenix is convenient. My complaint about the room was the decor, it wasn't good. Also, there was very little lighting in the bathroom, I had to keep the window open and have the heat lamp on to see in the shower. I was happy to have a full size fridge and private carport. I'd be willing to stay here again, but there are a lot of fancier options in Phoenix/Scottsdale for the same price or a little more - I'd rather pay a little more for something awesome. I was travelling for business, and didn't get a chance to try out the lazy river and the pools but they looked nice. This would be a good place to bring the family. Room service was good too.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable Oasis Lovely grounds and courtyards with towering palms, fountains, and sparkling swimming pools. The staff for all facilities and restaurants are unfailingly friendly, thoughtful, and caring. Rooms are very comfortable and pleasant.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>woodgnome
<Content>Ideal for families We stayed at the Pointe Hilton in August and had a great time. The staff are polite and helpful, the suites are a good size for a family of four, the food and drink are not overpriced and in both restaurants kids ate free from the kids menu. We asked for a fridge in the room so we could stock up on Beer and Soda, this was not available but they didn't mind us taking everything out of the Mini Bar and using that. No charge was made for this as it is in some hotels. We stayed in the North Pointe which was about 3 mins walk from the main reception. I can't understand the complaints about some areas being miles from the pool etc, this is advertised as a large resort what do you expect? There are plenty of golf buggys scootin about and the staff are only too happy to give you a ride. The waterpark was not quite as impressive as I had imagined and does get very crowded at weekends but the kids enjoyed it and if it gets too much you can always use one of the smaller pools. We had one right outside our door and used this one at weekends. Each building has a Washing machine and dryer on one of the floors which was very useful. We really enjoyed our stay and would stay here again . I would certainly recommend the Squaw Peak to anyone who wants a good base to explore the surrounding area and just sit back with a glass of wine while the kids spend all day in the pool.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AGSicilyBound
<Content>Phoenix best kept secret Good food, quality accommodation, polite  courteous staff, excellent facilities for kids.We would certainly recommend you stay.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>There are better places to stay in PHX I am convinced that this hotel is an inferior early copy of the Pointe South Mountain resort in Phoenix. The architecture, pool layout is very similar but Point South is much better.I stay in a lot of Hilton's and we were disappointed in this hotel. I was booked 4 days at this hotel but checked out 2 days earlier and went to Pointe South which is a way better place to stay.The restaurants are very good in the morning (particularly if you have Hilton Honors breakfast certificates) but get really expensive at night for so-so caliber food.Try the Tutti Santi restaurant across the parking lot for Italian food. It was incredible and the highlight of our stay!The hotel has a full service gym which is top notch. They also have yoga classes, etc.Overall, I thought the hotel looked a little beat. The waterpark was just OK and that is why we checked out early and went to Pointe South. After we got to Pointe South we noticed the layout was almost identical but the park was better and the hotel seemed a lot cleaner and newer. I believe the hotels were designed by the same company.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lantana let down!!! Arrived 3.7.04 from Las Vegas for two nights expecting to relax and chill out (110) - don't know how the locals stand the heat. Staff on arrival helpful, however those at the Hole in the Wall restaurant were excellent, even though inside was full of unruly children and adults.Shame that the staff at the Lantana restaurant let you down badly. Arrived in time for reservation at 1900hrs, expecting quieter restaurant than the Hole in the Wall - Wrong big style. Were located a table for two in the middle of four tables full of noisy children. Asked to re-locate to another table in quieter part of room. This was complied with and we received water and menus immediately.Little did we know that (because we had not taken the allocated table) part of the service was for our table to be ignored for 15 minutes. At this point it was time to stand, find manager, more successful than him finding our table and complain. Was not the least bit interested in the fact we had waited for 15 minutes - at this point we left and made complaint to Resort duty manager, who was excellent in the manner he dealt with the complaint.Re-located to Hole in the Wall and found staff and food up to its previous quality. Lantana has very young staff who have that worldwide malaise - we are doing you a service by being here - don't expect us to actually work (apologies for 4 letter word beginning with w---)Send them all to see the older people at the Hole in the Wall, dealing with triple the number of customers in half the time.Hotel room and facilities all very good.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>laurenz0
<Content>good time at the Pointe We just got back from 5 nights at the resort. We went along with two other families and had a great time. We arrived at 2 PM and were allowed to check-in early. We requested a room close to the water park and a mini-fridge and got both! We were also able to get room right next to each other. We were told there was 97% occupancy rate for the holiday weekend but it didn't seem too crowded. The rooms were fine, a nice size but small bathroom. The furnishings were a little old but suffficed for our family of five. It was quiet and clean. We ate lunch daily in the restaurant by the pool because we had the $30 daily food credit deal and it was convenient. The food was good but the service was very slow. The waterpark itself is just ok. We stayed at the Pointe South Mountain last summer and it's water park is much better with more to offer. Here there is just one small waterslide and a very lazy river. The kiddie pool was great for our four year old as well as the larger pool with zero entry. The Pointe South Mountain offers free cabanas and here there are just umbrellas if you are lucky enough to snag one (you have to get to the pool at 8 am to claim your spot). There are no shaded areas.  We met several families who return every year but for us, we would rather spend a little more money and go back to the Pointe South Mountain. There is more to offer for older children (we also have an 11 and 13 yr old) and the resort seems a little newer.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thumbs up for another great stay We have stayed at this resort every summer for at least 5 years. I am a business traveler and stay over 75 nights per year in hotels, additionally we take at least 5 mini trips with our family per year.The facts are that this is a wonderful resort. Since it offers MANY different types of rooms, various pools, golf, tennis, spas, waterpark and 2 restaurants...it is true that it is bigger than your own back yard and you MAY have to drive from one end to the other; however, the staff is usually putzing around on the golf carts and will let you tag along....if you ask. FYI...you can usually rent a car at the Phoenix airport VERY reasonably and you will WANT to have one to take excursions to places like Sedona.We have stayed in 6 different rooms and NONE them have paper thin walls. I am VERY picky about noise and this has never been a problem here. I have moved in and out of rooms across the U.S. due to noise...I am wondering where the person who complained about the noise stayed.The rooms are spacious and ours have always been clean. The staff is pleasant. We enjoyed meeting Jo Ann at the concierge desk. Also, we like Jimmy Ray at the Hole in the Wall.If you book in advance you can get a GREAT room rate with passes for everyone to the waterpark and for $9 extra, you can all play tennis and miniature golf!! Our neighbors joined us this past week and we all had a GREAT time. The rooms are practical with desks for business and computer usage...I have no idea why anyone would say they are not????Be sure to eat at Bobby Mc Gee's ( where the waiters dress in costume) and Oregano's ( excellent pizza and GREAT prices, not mention huge portions). Perhaps we will see you there on our next trip...we are looking forward to it...we have been to this resort more than any other!!!FYI...I am Hilton Honors Gold and have found that any time you may have problem, if you speak with the management, they generally will do whatever they can to make things right....if this doesn't work, call the corporate number and you WILL get results!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great family vacation!!! We stayed for 5 days at the Hilton Squaw Peak and had a wonderful time. We got a great internet rate at the resort site that included breakfast for two. The waterpark (at no extra fee) was lots of fun for kids and adults - much better than I had expected. Although it was quite crowded on the weekend, it was almost deserted during the week. The suite wasn't posh, but it was nice. The separate living room with pull out sofa bed and additional TV was perfect for our 8 yr old son. We requested a mini-fridge (no additional cost) to stock sodas and snacks. It worked out great. The resort food prices were along the line I've seen at other resorts - not exactly cheap. The staff was very friendly and helpful. We wore the concierge out with requests for directions and recommendations. All were right on the money.I would definitely recommend this resort for a relaxing and fun family vacation!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lousy for business travel Stayed 2 nights in June on business, as they were giving a great rate - $69 for one bedroom. I wish I had my family here, the kids would have a blast. But, if you are a business traveler, find somewhere else. It is very spread out, I have to drive to/from the main building for breakfast. The rooms are not set up to work - the internet access and the phone are by the bed, not the desk. Paper thin walls - I can clearly hear the conversation next door. A lot of pluses - friendly staff, good gym, clean and neat, but not what I was looking for.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>2kids2dogs
<Content>Pointe Hilton Squaw Peake We stayed for three nights beginning June 21, 2004. We had gotten a great internet rate including breakfast for the adults. This is normally an off-peak time so we were unprepared for the crowds at the water park. It was nearly impossible to find a lounge chair after 9 am. That being said, the children loved the waterpark and pools. On Saturday nights, the resort shows a G/PG rated movie poolisde so the kids can watch in or out of the water. There were other planned activities during the weekend. The rooms were large and clean. The food was well priced for a resort. I would definitely stay here again with children.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>djsjbeck
<Content>Be Prepared for Crowds! Must have stayed here on a busy weekend because we planned to stay for three nights and couldnt wait to get out after one night! I was told a low rate is offered to local people during the off season and they all must have taken advantage of it! The waterpark was nice but way too crowded to enjoy...even my 8 year old didnt want to deal with it. The room being a suite was great for the family and decor was pleasant. I think being located overlooking the 24 hour pool didnt help either (why does a pool really need to be open for that long?). Breakfast was included in our good rate and we enjoyed having a couple choice of restaurants. Had better rates at the Camelback Inn and the Doubletree Paradise Valley which I would chose over this hotel...... Unless you have a few kids who dont mind a crowded water park.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Summer Mid-Week The Best! After spending four nights at the Squaw Peak, my wife and our two kids 5  3 agreed that This place is great! We recommend going in summer, mid-week, where the heat will make the River Ranch that much more attractive and there will be little competition for space or amenities. We had a great rate for the 2 bedroom casita, with 2.5 baths and big deck, perfect for family with young kids. Avoid the Hole in the Wall restaurant for dinner, the kids eat free promotion doesn't make up for sub-par meals- the specialty barbecue items are to be avoided. Breakfast and lunch were better. Aunt Chiladas is decent and a quick walk. Come prepared- the casitas are perfect for keeping costs down by bringing in groceries and beverages from the store down the street. Bring your coffee press, coffee is apparently not a priority in Phoenix. The service provided by the concierge, the bell desk, the front desk, the Coyote Camp, the Kids Koncierge and Housekeeping were OUTSTANDING.   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time had by all! We stayed at Squaw Peak June 04 -06, 2004 and had a great time! We even got a early check-in at noon on arrival day, and the front desk clerk was very kind. We had a 2-room suite in the south point, very close to their awesome water park River Ranch. On Sat. nights during the summer, they show Dive-in movies at 7:30 p.m - you can watch the movie while in the pool or sit on the deck chairs, complete with popcorn. We ate from the pool food/bar which was fine, and then at the Hole in the Wall for dinner and then breakfast. It is not that overpriced compared to any full-service hotel. If you want to purchase the hotel service package for $9, you receive an additional admission to the water park (we had 4 with our room), unlimited use of the fitness facility, miniature golf, 2-for 1 ice cream, etc. We will definitley stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>charliesmum
<Content>Highly recommended This is such a great hotel for families (though we first stayed here 9 years earlier - and enjoyed it just as much without a child!). We stayed here for three nights in May 04, before touring Arizona. An early flight meant that we arrived at 11 am - though this wasn't a problem and we were immediately checked into our room. The suite with seperate living room was perfect for us and our 5 year old son. The view wasn't great, but with the lovely pool with swim-up bar  children's pool just downstairs, it really didn't matter.The waterpark is great fun and surprisingly relaxing. Our son was content to float around the lazy river for ages, whilst we relaxed doing the same. The waterpark was busy on the Sun, but very quiet on the Mon  Tue.The Lantana restaurant was the best place for food, though the Hole in the Wall was good for breakfast.Our only real complaint was that the kid's club was closed, as they apparently require 3 or more kids to open it. I guess this was because it was the start of the low season - it was still a disappointment as the hotel blurb led us to believe that it was open year round.If you are travelling from the UK, this hotel can be booked very cheaply through Trailfinders (we paid æ‹¢75 inc tax) - better than any other web deals.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fine for family ...advertised as a suite, but terribly small. Pricey dining, small rooms and pool outside was noisey. My daughter loved the pool area, but other that the lazy river, I found it to be nothing special. We golfed at the Tapatio Cliff resort and thought it looked much nicer and more toward the adult taste. If I was to stay again, I would pick a casita.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this place.... A friend and I were doing a last minute get-away from the husbands and family. A girls only retreat. We wanted sunshine, water and friendly staff. We recieved the best of all of these. We went in early June, knowing this would cut down on some of the over crowding, due to the heat in the days. It was fabulous. The staff could not have been friendlier. We did have to wait on our room, but the hotel gladly held our luggage until the room was ready. The food in all of the restaraunts was wonderful and the drinks were happily served and worth the amount paid. We have absolutely no complaints and would highly recommend this resort. The pools were almost to yourself and the room was wonderful and clean. Thanks to the wonderful service from all the staff....we will definately be back for a yearly retreat.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This resort was Great! I visited this resort in the July 2003 and will be returning in June 2004. I thought that this resort was superb. Don't believe everthing you read. I usually go on four to five vacations each year- and every year you always have that person that is bitching about the service/food etc., This place is GREAT! We stay in a two bedroom casita which has its own pool. Never crowded! You can get up in the morning and take a dip all by yourself if you wish... or even in the afternoon! I have read the other reviews about the drink prices and food prices being expensive... I don't think their prices are any higher than any other resort. What do you expect ... This is a 4 star resort! It makes me wonder have they been staying at Holiday Inn's on their vacations or what? This is a great resort, I usually go on cruises but this is by far equal to any of cruise for a good vacation. Try it sometime..!!!!   
<Date>Jun 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheBrannigans
<Content>Great place to be...       Waterfall background at Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak  
<Date>May 9, 2004
<Rating>4	3	-1	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable, reliable property I stayed here this week, a return visit after a first-time stay last fall. The suite layout gives lots of room in both bedroom and living room areas, although the bathroom is accessible only through the bedroom, unlike some suite hotels. There is a very large wet bar area; strangely, no mini-refrigerator, microwave, or other kitchen type amenities are present, wasting what would be a positive addition. There is the ubiquitous refreshment center refrigerator, but it's packed with high-priced snacks and unable to hold any additional food. The decor is pleasant, somewhat dated, but clean and well kept. There are no views to speak of, other than parking areas or tree stocked inner courtyards. The restaurant is a short walk and adequate, although nothing special. I have not used the recreation areas, but the families I've spoken with rate that aspect highly. Staff is courteous and helpful. The location is fine for vacationers, a bit north of downtown and west of Scottsdale for other travelers. I happen to conduct business in the Squaw Peak area, so it is convenient and a better value than any other nearby hotels for business travel. In summary, average resort hotel, great for families, adequate for business, not the place for romantic couples.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ltp_tango
<Content>Fun Resort; Older Rooms I stayed here with a friend in Summer 2003 because she had a free room voucher. This is an older resort. The rooms are older and very average, but the water features are GREAT. Kids and adults alike will love it! There is a Lazy River where you can float around a water course on an innertube (provided by the resort). There's waterfalls; several pools; water volleyball; fantastic drink specials; and a western themed restaurant. For dining out, please go elsewhere! Phoenix boasts many great restaurants, but none of them are at this resort! The resort is tucked away from most of the city, but you can reach restaurants etc within a 15-20 minute drive.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spacious room but nothing much else Spent 5 nights here. Enjoyed the spacious room and the separate living room. Extra space with a family of 4 is appreciated. The decor was fine, though nothing upscale. They brought us a free refrigerator and microwave to use.But, there is no view from the rooms (we overlooked the busy parking lot). The small water park is so-o-o crowded. We couldn't find chairs. It is littered and looks very used by the end of the day. The kids did enjoy the water park though. The restaurant we tried was not very good. Walking across the street to get takeout at Aunt Chilada's restaurant was much better. On arrival, after flying all day, we wanted to check in an hour or so early. But no rooms were available, so we sat in the lobby and waited until the exact check-in time.I would stay here again if we were using it as a base for touring. But to stay at a resort and relax, this would definitely not be the place.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great family resort This is an awesome resort for families. The River Ranch water park is great fun and keeps the kids busy. It has a large pool, a toddler pool, sports pool, lazy river, water slide, and a putt-putt golf course around it all. There is pool-side waiter service which is very handy, but expensive. The biggest downside of the resort is the food - it's better to leave and go have dinner at The Cheesecake Factory, or Fish Market, or other great nearby places. We would definitely return!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NewJerseyBarbie
<Content>a great family vacation spot We just returned from this resort. My husband and I and our two girls, ages 4 and 7 had a ball. The river ranch is fun and there is something for everyone. The lazy river is relaxing and the slide and waterfall is great for the kids. We had an updated room and great service. The property was very clean and well maintained. Restaurants were enjoyable and family friendly. Squaw Peak will meet your needs if you are looking to relax and have fun with your kids in the Phoenix area.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Faded, needs remodel The Squaw Peak Hilton may have been nice a decade or two ago, but now it is badly in need of a remodel. The furniture and design is dated. Rugs, furniture, and bedding are old, faded, and threadbare. Paint was chipped and damaged throughout. TV and fridge appeared to be at least ten years old. Bedrooms are relatively small, bathrooms are congested, lighting was poor. Multiple items required repair during our stay due to delayed maintenance. We were in a two bedroom casita (basically a condo) on the property. We switched rooms once because we were disappointed with the quality, but the second room had the same problems.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Motor Lodge Redux This resort experience was marginal at best. We requested adjoining nonsmoking king suites for two families 8 weeks before our arrival and reconfirmed several times prior to arrival. Instead, we got placed into nonsmoking rooms that reminded me of the HoJo with new paint...of course, not adjoining rooms either. After several frustrating tries at remedy, we accepted a two bedroom casita at nearly $200 higher/night, that, in fairness, was very nice ($700/night). We had been successfully upsold! The restaurants on grounds are expensive and service is poor. The pool area is crowded beyond belief...no chairs after 10AM...and is very cluttered/disheveled. Kids don't seem to mind but the adults definitely do! Overall, wouldn't dream of going back.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Needs a facelift The Pointe hasn't been remodeled since the 70s and it shows. The rooms are adequate, but nothing special. We had to pay an additional fee (on top of a very high room rate) to use the fitness facility. Staffing was thin and not particularly strong. Our dinner at the poolside restaurant was very mediocre. Kids have fun with the pools and related amusement areas, but unless you get a fabulous rate you can do better elsewhere in the Phoenix area.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Time at the Peak We've stayed at the Squaw Peak last two years in a row. The hotel is an excellent place for a family. The water park is great, the shallow pool as well as the slide are great for younger kids. Rooms are plenty big for a family of 4. The only down side to the rooms is the channel selection. There are no channels for kids under 10. Disney is OK during the day, but in the evening when the programming changes to an older audience, kids under 10 have nothing to occupy them. If you can, bring your own DVD player with movies for kids or they will be bored in the room. We're planning going there, again, this year and hopefully things stay the same or change for the better(TV channels). Highly recommend the property for families.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time We stayed at Pointe Hilton at Squaw Peak Resort back in July 2003. I was very happy when we drove in. Everyone was very helpful - our room was large enough for the 5 of us. Having two TV's was great. We had tickets to the Arizona Diamondbacks games and the staff was great in helping us find out way there. The Waterpark was the best. My kids (ages 10, 7 and 3) loved it. The lazy river ride was relaxing. The kids loved the slide and the water fall. The games for the kids was fun and we just loved the shaved ice. The Mexican Rest. had excellent food the the service was wonderful. We had a great time - we can't wait to go back. Excellent place to stay with kids.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>twocoasts
<Content>A disappointment I stayed at the Squaw Peak last week for a business meeting. I had been eagerly anticipating my stay, since I've been to it's sister property--the Tapitio Cliffs and reallly enjoyed it. Boy was I disappointed!This property is old, and it looks it. The rooms are fine---clean and updated--but the property itself is quite run down. The front desk staff was friendly and helpful but I never got passed the fact that the hotel itself is nowhere near a peak---it's on a busy road across the street from a bank--and that the grounds, elevators, hallways were a mess.The food at the main restaurant was adequate at best. Same for room service. And if you're thinking of planning a meeting here, be warned---the catering is really sub-par.If I had to stay here again for business, I'd do it. But never for pleasure. At least I earned some Hilton points!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best hotel in the southwest United states My family and I stayed at this resort in March/April 2000 I thought it was a great hotel with fun swimming pools.I think it was worth the 6 hour flight from Indianapolis. I have stayed at a lot of hotes but I think this one was the best  
<Date>Jan 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it My husband and I loved it. We went over Labor Day Weekend 2003 and had no problems with it. We thought the room was gorgeous with a nice southwestern theme. We visited the waterpark and had a lot of fun. Thought it was great they showed movies at night and you could relax in the pool while eating popcorn. We had dinner one night at the Hole in the Wall and it was good. We also had friendly and attentive staff. We had a great time and would definitely go back. Great place for families with children.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Go!! After reading the reviews here we were very skeptical about choosing this hotel, but because the amenities sounded great for children (ours were 5 and 9 at the time) we decided to take a chance. SO GLAD WE DID! This hotel exceeded all our expectations. The pool area with the water slides, lazy river, and pools was a dream come true for the kids. WE even liked the lazy river. WE went in April 2003, the weather was perfect. It's true it does get crowded, but if you have small children you're likely used to the noisiness. We made sure to ask for a room in a renovated building when we booked our trip and they granted us one. The room was nicely decorated in southwestern decor, it was clean and spacious. WE asked for a microwave and they quickly sent one up to us. The food at the Hole in the Wall restaurant was very good at breakfastime as was the lunch served there. All in all, we had a very different, enjoyable experience than the others who have written in. Just remember to ask for a newly renovated room and go for it - the kids will applaud you for it!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Resort! Loved it!!! This is a wonderful resort! From check-in to check-out everything was wonderful. They called our room to be sure we were happy with our room (it wasn't busy and were willing to move us if we weren't happy). Our room was nice - good location to the pools and River Ranch. The River Ranch was great! My boys, 8 and 11, had the very best time. We floated in the Lazy River, played minature golf, swam, ate at Squaw Peak (the Mexican rest. was really good). We have been to a lot of resorts and this was one of the best! There is a $9 day resort fee which was optional but this included minature golf (unlimited golf for everyone in your suite and without the $9 fee it is $5 per person), free local phone calls and use of the wonderful gym. Can't wait to go back!!!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fourtravellersgarcia
<Content>KIDS LOVE THIS PLACE! This place was a lot of fun!The kids had a blast at The River Ranch.........we managed to get three days use out it-Friday afternoon to Sunday morning........they also give you the option of late check-out for an extra 35$-I would recommend this! that lets you enjoy the river ranch for an extra 3 hours........The room was nothing to scream about....in fact-the first night was awful!The beds were saggy and lumpy and it was noisy! I went to the fromt desk in the morning and asked for a more comfortable room-we were moved to the 3rd floor-the beds were much better! Saturday night is a nosiy night there so if you go-be prepared for noise!Also-we bought the resort package for an extra $9 per day-we got to use the gym(nice!) and paly mini golf-cute course winding around the lazy river........I would go back-the rooms are affordable and the kids LOVED it!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The most Exciting Place On Earth I just want to say that this has got to be the best place I have ever stayed at. The first thing to greet us at the front desk was a poster of the live Wild West show they had going on on Friday nights. We went to see that and we laughed our pants off. It was more entertaining than some of the shows we have seen in Vegas. It was definatly aimed at the kids but you couldn't miss the double entrandes and site gags and pratfalls. Also the Staff at the River Ranch was excellent. Brian our bartender was very informative about the local surroundings and kept us entertained the entire day.  We enjoyed the rooms immensley. They were large enough to accomodate everyone in the whole family. The coyote camp they have on site is a blessing in disguise. It is a place where you can drop off the kids for a day and not have to worry. My wife and I could not have been more pleased. We are going to come back to this resort every chance we get. Hopefully the show will be even funnier next year. Keep up the good work guys!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Kitchen Unstocked We had a big Girls night out with all my daughters and so we reserved a casita that had a kitchen to cut food cost. When we got there the kitchen was bare. NOTHING. We had to call and specifically request everything to run a kitchen. (Try to think of every item that you will need, down to a can opener). When we got our utensils, plates, and glasses they were all PLASTIC. I have stayed in other resorts and never had this problem. The kitchens are well stocked. You have to make sure that all items are accounted for when you leave or you are charged. What is the problem in having the kitchen stocked already? It was a big waste of time and a pain in the neck. The accomodations were nice and we were close to the waterpark, which was really a nice extra. It made our stay really nice. Everyone enjoyed that part of the outing. We just wished that we could have enjoyed the kitchen more. I guess you need to make sure that the kitchen is stocked before you arrive. There is room for improvement Point Hilton.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice people at the hotel but wouldnt' stay there again! I arrived on August 21 for a 3 night stay. I chose the hotel because it seemed like a nice property w/ lots of amenities. The front desk, bellmen and yes maintenence were all very friendly and accomodating. The rooms were smaller then I thought, and imagine my suprise to find a wet bar area w/ no refrigerator. The first room was in the middle of a courtyard area and was quite small for a King bed suite. My best friend and I decided we will go w/ the 2 qn bed suites so the front desk let us move to another room. That room was much bigger but it was not very cool. We called to maintenance who came up and determined there was a higher level of humidity then normal, offered a fan we accepted thinking it would cool off, but several hours later the room stayed at 75 degrees w/ 50% humidity, we decided that it was not going to be comfortable to sleep so we asked the front desk to move and once again they were accomodating and moved us to another room..much better A/c was working, however. the sink was clogged we had to have maintenance up once again and they had to call in a plumber. All this in a 2 day span! We made the best of it, had it not been for the friendly staff we would have moved to another hotel the next day. Well the River Ranch was alright. The lazy river was not very fun..really shallow wather w/ hardly any current to make you flow downstream. An adult would be better off walking the length of the lazy river which wasn't that big. The water slide was the funnest, no complaints..NOW FOR THE BIGGEST COMPLAINT..THE RIVER RANCH HOLE IN THE WALL RESTAURANT. I ORDERED A TAKE OUT ORDER WAS CHARGED A MANDATORY 15% GRATUITY JUST FOR TAKE OUT..A PERSON BEHIND A COUNTER HANDING ME A BAG! THEN I PAID W/ A CC THEY PUT AN ADDL 25% GRATUITY PENDING ON MY CHECKING ACCT. I went w/ a budget and let's just say it affected my account in negative way. The response I rec'd from the restaurant was very rude and non helpful. I was told if I didn't have enough to put on my card I shouldn't -WELL I DID THEY decided to add extra to the auth and held up funds for 3 days! I was okay w/ everything else..patient etc and then for them not to be accomodating was poor business practice. Based on this one instance,which was the topper I will never stay at this property or any other hilton property again!!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A "Pointe" in A.Z. thats really HOT!! I frequently visit this hotel whenever i'm in Phoenix for more than a day...BUT my husband wanted to try something different and we went to another 4 star resort in a neighboring town...I have never seen two hotels that have the same kind of water park scenario with almost identical rooms that couldn't have been more different as far as service and fun....The Pointe Hilton at Squaw Peak is absolutely THE BEST HOTEL I have ever had the privelege to stay at!!! They have the best staff and superior customer service ...everything was great from their rates to their parking ...i would highly recommend this hotel to anyone....it will fullfill your every expectation of a true 4 star hotel!!!!!!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top notch facilities  I recently stayed here in July of 2003 for the second time and I definitely will be back for a third before the summer is over. The suites are huge! The first time we stayed in the North tower and our second time we stayed in the South tower. Both are excellent! There are about 10 pools all over the property which makes it very convienent no matter where your room is located. The entire staff is so friendly and helpful, especially the front desk who went out of their way to make sure we were happy. We have stayed at other resorts in the valley with water features, but nothing beats Squaw Peak! South Mountain is a rip off because they charge to get into the waterpark on their own property. We also visited the Hyatt Gainey Ranch, which is extremely over-priced ($170 per night) and small rooms. If you are coming to Phoenix or live in the valley and are needing a getaway, I would definitely stay here!!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Boeing767
<Content>Two thumbs up My wife and I just returned from our second visit to the Pointe Squaw Peak this summer. Our first was virtually flawless - marred only by a drunk banging on the door of an adjacent casita. The GM took this incident to heart and comped one night of our most recent stay. This stay was even better. Some of the front desk staff could use some instruction on people-handling, but this did not detract in any way from the over all experience. We are Hilton Diamond VIP members, and service at this Pointe (as well as the Tapatio Cliffs) is as attentive if not more so than the Waldorf Astoria or the Palmer House or the Conrad London. HIGHLY recommended.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well designed room for children or additional guests My husband, my 9 month old baby and I stayed at this hotel in March of this year and were quite pleased with the lay-out of the room and its decor. First of all, the actual bedroom closes off from a comfortable and quite large sitting area so if you have friends and family staying in the hotel, they can visit you without infringing on the privacy of members of your family who are either sleeping or dressing in the bedroom. Also, because the bedroom was the furthest area from the front door, and closed off by its own door, you hear less noise from the elevators and hallways, which were all outdoors, villa style. The bedroom has a nice marble sink area separate from the actual toilet (which has its own room), and, an additional marble counter area for setting out items or clothes for the day. THe room has two tvs, an actual small bar area with stools, an extra sink (which was perfect for mixing and cleaning baby food), and one can request a microwave if you choose to stay in for a meal or reheat leftovers. Because of the room's size, my baby cheerfully crawled everywhere, and my tall husband was comfortably able to stretch out while he watched tv until all hours of the morning without disturbing myself or our sleeping baby. The lazy river was pleasant in terms of water fun, but I was unable to locate the lap pool until our last day. It is not well advertised and there is a lot of confusion among guests and hotel staff (!) as to whether or not it is included in your night's stay (although I think it is), but we were not sure while there, as there is an additional $10 fee for certain priviledges, like unlimitted phone calling and use of their mini-putt etc... Get the low down from a knowledgeable staff member so you don't pay for what you did not want as my sister-in-law did...Overall, I would surely go back as it is great for families, as well as for sun-lovers of all ages.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relax and float your cares away!   showReview(1128946, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Place Ever   showReview(1109805, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pointe Hilton and more   showReview(1070942, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lsb312
<Content>fun for the whole family   showReview(993425, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a great time!!! Maybe it was the time of year!!   showReview(848305, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time!   showReview(847832, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Resort Prices without Resort SERVICES   showReview(693659, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Save your money!!!   showReview(643240, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>This was an interesting resort....   showReview(640596, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Family friendly but....   showReview(595373, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>robillo
<Content>Molto bello       la camera  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superbe   showReview(19641370, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>fçœ‰r Familien bestens geeignet   showReview(17429305, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

