<Author>JuanOttawa
<Content>Mostly Great, Some Not So Great The beach is great. Loveliest beach we've been to. This may change in the future as they are building more resorts up the beach, so the wild stretch of several kilometers will disappear.The public toilets are amazing. No matter where you go in this resort of over a 1000 rooms with probably 2500 guests, the public toilets are extremely clean. At the beach, bars, restaurants, anywhere . This may be because there are a lot of German guests, and I suspect they would not tolerate dirty bathrooms.We had friends with children. The woman who runs the kids club is amazing. Teachers is Canada could learn some lessons from her. She was wonderful with the kids and they adored her.The pools were large and great for swimming.The room was good. However, the buildings are made from concrete, so slamming a door will wake up the entire floor. We has some young boys from Calgary a few doors down the hall, who cannot think beyond the tip of their own noses, so would wake everyone up when they came in drunk every morning around three or four. However, this is a problem created in Canada, not the DR. We stayed in the newest section of the Club which is between the older beach sections and the original club section. Apparently, these rooms are nicer then some of the older rooms. I did not actually see any of these other section roomsThe food was okay if you liked meat and sea food. There was very little in the way of fresh fruit and vegetables. But, this may be because they were catering to Canadian and European tastes. Most guests were from English Canada, Quebec, Germany, France and Spain. There were a few British, Dutch and a few others. We did get sick for a couple of days, so watch what you eat. Go with dishes that look well cooked.The entertainment was okay, but a little high school. The entertainment in the DR is nowhere near as professional as you get in Cuban resorts. They worked hard and were friendly with the guests. Several times one would come to sit with us at dinner and eat with us.Beware of the excursions that are booked through your travel rep. Although we have been on many of these before in Cuba and the DR, these is Punta Cana are a super rip off. We paid over $200 for my wife and I to go on the Caribbean Festival. For the price I though it would be for the day. However, after booking we found out it was for half a day. A bus picked us up at 1 pm. Then we proceeded to take a tour of the other resorts in the area to pick up more people. We arrived at a beach with a boat just off shore. After waiting we left on this boat at about 3 pm to go swimming with the sharks and sting rays. The boat had several hundred people on it. The staff sang and danced In the Navy by the Village People on the way out to the shark pen, which as a few minutes boat ride down the beach. We each in turn held a docile sting ray and swan in a pen with nurse sharks. We then proceeded to a coral reef for snorkeling. After giving us a speech about not disturbing the coral, it turns out the reef had been dead and worn down for decades. Just a bunch of old rocks. We were back at the beach at five for the drive back to the hotel. For the couple of hours we were out, it was definitely NOT worth the money.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>Lancashire01
<Content>enjoyment and disappiontment First time in the Dominican Republic and really looking forward to a restfull christmas break. However this was not always achieved. Firstly the service throughout our stay was appalling, except for our experience in the Manglar resturant were the service was brilliant. This only added to our disappionment as obviously the hotel staff do know how to provide good service to the holiday makers. Why could this not have been done throughtout the hotel. What would you expect on the table at breakfast ??cuterly cup and saucer! not so in this hotel. What a battle to be provided with the basics!! On a more positive note our room in the club section was faultless except what use is a television with no remote control!The beach was lovely, sand was soft and plenty of sun loungers, never had a problem getting one and the grounds very well kept. BEWARE when paying your bill ALWAYS ask to see your written bill, as there is a culture of 'add-on's' which you will not of had. I have to agree with a previous review which concludes that there are many staff involed in taking advantage of honest tourists. We were blatenly robbed of 拢20 by a dishonest cashier. Fortunatly our Thomascook rep Emma was very helpful and we were reimbursed with our money. Overall we had an entertaining holiday, but this was thanks to the group of English tourists who we met and spent a very enjoyable week with, without them this holiday could of been a disaster, so a big big thankyou to them rather than the hotel staff!I wouldnt recommened this hotel unless a bargin was on offer.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>2	4	4	5	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>debdun
<Content>This resort is very nice don't understand what people were saying...       the casino  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>telenurse
<Content>The Grand Paradise Bavaro was wonderful I read the results on tripadvisor and dreaded going here not knowing what we would find once there. We are RCI members and exchanged our 5 star resort in Mexico for here. We went with another couple who were going to be staying on the pull out couch. Once there we were informed that we would have a lock off unit. We were brought to our room and were utterly amazed. Our room had a huge walk in shower, double vanity sink, whirlpool tub in the middle of the room, large screen tv on the wall, and a king size 4 poster bed. Our friend's room was equally as nice with a connecting door to our room. We stayed in the 9101-9312 building. We found it to be a great location. The buffet which is open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner was within a 30 second walk. The pool with the only swim up pool bar was less then a minute as well. The only complaint we had was that we were on the first floor and it was quiet Mon-Fri till a bunch of people arrrived. We had kids running around at 6a and the parents were up walking with high heels and moving their luggage (so we assume) till 3a. Sat night was a much quieter night. Yes, there are some bugs there...you are in a tropical island remember. No, they are not in the bed...the room was very clean. We were on the first floor so we got little catepillars and a fly that came in. There are sand fleas on the beach...I did not get bit, but my friend's husband did a couple of times while down there. I brought bug spray since I was so afraid after reading the reviews of the bugs. I never needed it. We were all pleasantly surprised by the facility. We read the reviews and expected nothing and were really amazed. The food at the buffet was good. My friends really enjoyed it.Michaelangelo's Restaurant - Italian food. This was really good. We went twice while there we enjoyed it so much. Seascape Restaurant - seafood restaurant. This left a lot to be desired. I do not eat any meat so I was really looking forward to this. I was really disappointed. They only had about 5 things on the menu which included a chicken and a beef dish as well. The service here was terrible. Had to flag them down to get what we needed. Granted in their defense a party of about 15 people came in soon after us. I thought my meal was ok. La Laguna Buffet - where we ate most meals was good. They had a variety of everything there. Like I said I do not eat meat and I could find something every night. The breakfast items were great...quite a variety. We had wine with all our dinner meals. The house blanco (white) was pretty good. If you are looking for a steak...forget it...their idea of a steak is different then ours this is according to my husband and our friends. But, they thoroughly enjoyed the chicken and the carved turkey they had some nights. I had the soup every night and it was really good. Be careful of the lettuce I heard if it is not washed correctly you could get really ill. The water is fine to drink at the buffet. My only complaint about the buffet is that for lunch they say they close at 3p. They don't....they close much earlier. We walked in at 230p and they kept telling us to hurry up.La Cana Grill - went here for lunch most days. open 12 to 5p. Not a great variety...same thing everyday. But, the pizza was good. They could not make them fast enough. This is down by the beach. This is the steakhouse at night. Went here for dinner (I got salmon...a little fishy tasting for me) and the guys got chicken....they loved it. My friend got beef skewers...she didn't like it, but my husband tried it and he really liked it.This facility is huge with a casino...my husband said was a rip off. You cannot walk it is so big. We took the trolley all the time. It comes every 15 minutes. The most we ever had to wait was 10 minutes. Went to the disco 2 times and hated it. Stayed 15 minutes the first time and 5 minutes the second time. Played all Latin music...no American. We went to the Bar Co most nights. Beer was included in our all inclusive there, but the drinks there were not. My friend and I had a cosmo most nights and the charge was $6 each. You're not spending a lot of money here so it didn't seem like much. We tipped $1 for most services and tipped a good amount at the Italian restaurant since they were so attentive. Go see Luis at the pool bar...he puts on quite a show we enjoyed watching him every day. I also gave the maid $10 the middle of the week and asked for extra towels. We had extra towels from then until we left daily. The staff was very friendly...cannot say anyone was unfriendly. I know some people had written that before, but if you say hola. and speak a little Spanish they are very friendly. There were more then enough chairs at the pools ( we counted at least 3 pools) may have been more. This is even with the big crowd of people that came in at the end of the week. We met a lot of Canadians here and a lot of people from Latin America. The beach had quite a few little straw umbrella huts and more then enough chairs. Water was very warm, but had quite the undertow and waves while we were there. Sports bar is open 24/7. They have 2 pool tables and 2 fuzzball I think they are called. They also have 3 computers, but you have to pay for these. Popcorn machine as well. Board Games you can sign out here and at the pool where the towels are. The Asian restaurant was closed while we were there for renovations. We did not try Taino the Dominican restaurant. Goat was just not for me!! The mini bar we had locked up when we checked in. Be careful with this. Don't think it is free. Check out the little slip of paper they give you regarding the charges...Peanuts were $14 and small (individual) Pringles were $5. They give you 4 sodas complimentary only. May sure you bring all your toiletries...the store is very expensive. Sun tan lotion was around $16-24!!The only other complaint I have is that I will agree that people wrote they called to have things fixed and they never came. Our safe did not work...no battery we waited over 1 and a 1/2 hours for them to show up they never did. We used our friend's safe and went and got our $20 back. I called 4 times throughout the day when it heavily downpoured...our shower leaked all the way down the hall after I took a shower. I told them to send maintenance. They never showed up. I asked for housekeeping from 10am on this day since water was down the hall. Finally they showed up at 6p. I do not blame housekeeping I blame the front desk. Least we got the water mopped up. Our towels were all sopping by then. We went on the tour Mariquarium. It was a 4 hour cruise with snorkeling. We really enjoyed it. My husband and friend did the quads in the jungle one day (the day it downpoured!!) and they liked that as well. We took a taxi into the flea market in town. They really hound you here, but if you like to barter (which my friend's husband does) it is great. We got some nice things. The flea market within a 5 minute walk right out side the hotel was good too. We bought most of our stuff from the guy in the first area you see on the left as you enter the archway. He didn't push us at all. He also spoke English very well. He knew we were going to buy from him and he still gave us two girls a necklace and my friend's husband a necklace as well. The taxi from the airport was anywhere from $40-45 dollars each time. The people here are very poor and appreciate any tip you give them. We took a lot of $1 bills with us. There is not much to do outside the facility. Unless you go on a tour or go to the flea market there is nothing to see.We all agreed when we left that it was a great vacation and a great facility. We could not understand why people wrote bad things about it. We also all agreed that we would come back again. We travel a lot and have been all over the Carribean and really enjoyed it here. The entertainment was good. They had a great magician that we all enjoyed and one night had the ideal couple contest that was pretty funny. The other nights was dancing...which was really good, but our last night there we just could not sit and watch another dance show. Went back to the Bar Co again. I think most people will be pleasantly surprised if you go with no expectations like we did. Dress code for the specialty restaurants are no tank tops or shorts.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>andrivera
<Content>Horrible Experience - Beware The Hotel:1. The A La Carte Restaurants (The Italian and the Steak House)a. These were both a mockery of what dining should be. We left the Italian one with only after a few bites. My husband did tell them it was not good and went back to the buffets on both occasions. The food was cooked from frozen, nothing was fresh, we had to pay for anything more than the house wine/beer, etc. 2. Maid Service:a. Only the minimal service was received b. We asked for 4 towels (our family is 4) in Spanish yet always left us 2c. Toiletries were replenished only twice on that 1 week vacationd. She locked our jug of water in the fridge on 3 occasions 鈥?this was due to the fact that we did not know she was expecting a DAILY tip instead of one at the end!Check Out:1. Checked out at 1PM to find out that our telephone bill was $75a. The manger was called as I personally argued it. He claimed that calling the hotel a few doors down (The Riu Palace) was a different area code!!!!! I explained that as we are 809 and they are 809, how is that possible鈥? b. They insisted that the telephone company is that way, etc, etc, c. We personally made a quick telephone call to my brother in Toronto to advise of our room number and he called us back by use of a phone card. We were being billed for that as well. I insisted that they charge us properly and fairly I would gladly pay for that. They would not budge and I refused to pay it and they let it go for the time being. The staff cornered my husband and got us to pay the bill!Forget about Sunquest helping out - I have letters from them and the hotel denying everything of the bad service. The list is endless just beware - if you do not care about good service then it is fine. I hated this vacation and was happy to come home.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>blue_eyes_chat
<Content>Good, Bad and Honesty Just returned from the Club section of the Grand Paradise Bavaro. The entire week was extremely hot and sunny. But, lets talk about the resort.It is a very large resort which was only at 30% capacity while my boyfriend and I were there. Unfortunately, this meant that half the restaurants and the entertainment were not operating.The very front of the resort is the oldest *which was closed while we were there* the middle section is the newest, the Club section, and then the section closest to the beach is around the same age as the front location. We were able to walk around the entire area even though it was not being used. It is a shame that the resort has not kept the front section up at all. I would not be impressed if I was in this section which looks like they will be occupying it soon as the busy winter season starts up. It was just run down and old looking.The section we stayed in was the new area *the Club*. Building 7 was the nicest. We stayed in room 7332 which faced the swim up bar area of the pool. Very pretty. The room was very nice and our air conditioning worked great as we never left the key out of the slot and the room was refreshing. The hot water didn't work for us for the first couple of days, but after asking Juan at the side desk, he sent up someone and all he had to do was explain that the handle was on the opposite way! Red was cold and green was Hot. Didn't have anything in our bar fridge as it wasn't working either, but the same guy fixed it too. Then the maid filled it daily with Sprite and Coke and our water. We never had the other stuff put in the fridge like chips and peanuts etc, so I made sure and told the front desk of this as to not get charged for it as others had mentioned had happened to them at this resort.The only restaurants open were the La Palma buffet for the entire resort, the Michaelangelo, the SeaScape and the La Cana. The food was average. Didn't lose weight while there, but didn't gain any either.The entertainment lacked. The Casino was small and the night my boyfriend did win a small amount, they changed the dealer 6 times and brought over the Pit Boss because they didn't like that he was winning; Needless to say, that night we didn't go anywhere but back to our room as we were afraid that someone from the Casino including the other guests that were watching might do something terrible.All in all, if you are going to lay on the beach and/or around the pool and go to bed by 9 at night you will enjoy the resort. It is clean and they try, but it is not a 4 star. There was a lot of people upset with the service, the food, the booze, some people were robbed either from their room or out of their own lack of knowledge that you can't trust leaving your posessions out. Some got sick again, because they over indulged in too many pinacolada's or didn't make sure that their meat was cooked throughly. I hope that whoever goes to this resort has a great time and enjoys it. Like I said in the beginning it wasn't a horrible experience and for what we paid it was ok. Off season makes a difference I guess, but unfortunately I would not come back to this resort. If you would like any other information on this resort, feel free to drop me a line.TG  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>terrihogan
<Content>A vacation is what YOU make of it!!!!! I just recently returned from the GRAND PARADISE BAVARO in punta cana (yesterday actually). I must admit I was extremely frightened after reading most of the reviews. I have stayed at several five star resorts all over the caribbean and some 3 star too but I was very leery about what i read. I have experienced in the past what is written on here doesn't necessarily reflect my experience or how I felt about resorts but we all have our own opinion, right?Let me tell you first off we only paid $97 dollars for this holiday + taxes of course so I was expecting a little sun, some half decent drinks, a bed to flop into and some food that was half decent AND WE WERE NOT DISAPPOINTED!!!!I believe that a holiday is what you make it and you can turn a three star resort into a six star by the friends you make, what you do and how you spend your days.We are two single ladies ages 49 and 59 travelling together. We arrived around 10:30 p.m. Check is was a breeze. We were in and out within 5 minutes. Ask for your converter for the t.v. right then and check for batteries. You will need two room keys. One keeps the air conditioning and refrigerator on and one allows you in and out of your room. Being two ladies we didn't want the first floor. So off we trekked to our first room. Thank goodness for bellboys. Those flights of stairs can be tiring .... even after doing nothing!!!! When we got up to our room, we noticed the balcony doors didn't lock. We immediately returned to the lobby. We waited a couple of hours but didn't budge on changing rooms. We were very polite to them and them to us. I explained we didn't like the location (our view was part jungle/part highway) and that the doors didn't lock and I didn't feel safe. They moved us to Building 7, first floor. Uneasy at first at being ground level, after days of the Tropical Depression of thousands of buckets of rain, we were glad we didn't have to walk those flights of ceramic stairs which were extremely slippery when wet!!!! Building 7 is very central to everything, the casino, the buffet, the swim up bar, the pool, the trolley pick-up, the mini put (this is be the only time I have property right on a golf course ... lol) If you can request a room, request an even number which means you will face the pool. The resort is extremely large and there were parts unoccupied at all. In fact there was a couple that had a huge pool to themselves!!!! Unlike the reviews I read, the train came every few minutes ... anyways, why bring a watch and time the amount you are waiting ... you are on vacation!!!!!! relax, enjoy the heat, the sun and the scenery.The pool by the buffet is quieter than the main pool by the lobby but we made a couple of friends there (Hi Hope, Terry, Kelly and Jeff) so enjoying their company decided to spend most of our time there. The swim up bar was continually busy but never too busy to get drinks. Luis is amazing with his mixologist techniques!!!! The service was great, the men pleasant and the pool was clean and for the most, kinda warm!!!!! There were always basketballs, volleyballs and flutter boards to play with in the pool. Even when it was pouring buckets of rain, we all put our umbrellas up, hung our towels under there, grabbed a basketball and had a tournament while getting drinks at the swim up bar. We could have stayed in our rooms and pouted (well Terry pouted a few times but that was for different reasons, right Hope ... lol ???) but we made the most of a miserable rainy day. The food was okay, not five star, better than three. You can have pasta made to order at any meal, with a choice of different things, mushrooms, cheese, chicken, parmesan and other cheeses, different pizzas, french fries, hotdogs, (I never found a fully cooked hamburger so cut into it first before you load it up), bacon, eggs, sausage, soups, meats, beef and pork (our little pork chop was happy ), turkey, potatoes, yogurts, fruits, several different types of bread, pumpernicket, rye, grains., this was all at the Luna Buffet. We made the steak house, ala carte one night but had reservations for two. It was pretty good. We both had the prime rib steak, a little fatty but tasty anyways.As for what I read about the towels, we walked out in the hall in the morning and approached the maid with our dirty towels and had no problem ever getting clean or more towels. We had an abundance all week. you may have to ask for facecloths or you can bring your own. The maids came every day but we were very polite to them, tipping them every other day or when we needed something. Treat people with respect and they in turn will respect you. They are not your slaves just people with a job like you and I. The bar fridge is stocked daily. We only used the jug of water because we were afraid to touch anything else because of what I read on here. Apparantley, the coke and sprite is also complimentary but we didn't take a chance. We never found an ice machine but filled up our bucket at the swim up bar if we wanted a drink. Bring your own snacks. We brought the individual halloween size bags of chips (otherwise a big one would get stale), dry roasted peanuts, sunflower seeds and the people we met brought pepperettes, pringles, sunchips. It's really expensive to buy these things down there. They do serve premium alcohol, absolute vodka, bacardi rum but for a price. We just drank their local stuff. Even though I prefer absolute, I was on a budget, after all I paid less than a hundred dollars to go remember. If you like limes in your cocktails, you will need to get them at the buffet. I brought little ziploc bags so we would fill one of these to last us the day for all our cocktails.There is a market outside the main gate of the resort. You will need to walk past the buffet, the Mangler, the unoccupied buildings to this gate. Do not go alone, it is overwhelming. I am used to bardering and shopping outside the resorts but I was very nervous because they all come out at you at once. Thank goodness the search party (Thank you Kelly and Jeff) came to our rescue at the designated time to save us. There are no lights in the stores, no air conditioning but if you want souvenirs this is the best place to go. Cut the prices into at least 5 to start with, they want $100, tell them $20. Also, when the vendors set up at the resort, there are also some good buys there. The sports bar is open 24 hours so you will find all the die-hards there. I have to admit we did stay up all night, the first night we got there, in here and played fuze ball. There is only popcorn and nachos so don't think there is any substantial food in here. There are 3 computers for the internet. Only two work and only one works well. You will need to buy 1/2 hour or one hour coupons at the lobby desk ($5 or $10). Buy the 1/2 hour because it is confusing to log out. On the bag of your coupon, IT TELLS YOU HOW TO LOG OUT!!!!! YOU TYPE LOGOUT IN THE ADDRESS BAR or the computer will eat up the rest of your time. The disco was fun but a younger crowd which is okay. The music is the same as ours and the bar is okay. I only made it to one show (and well, I did sleep through it) but I am sure they were good.We had a ball at the casino. I played all week on $10 for hours and hours - we closed it the last night - 3 a.m. and Barb played on probably $50. It opens at 4 p.m., drinks start at 8 and it is a good time. We played nickels and quarters and did pretty good. I probably walked away with 30-40 dollars at the end of the week but it was a good way to pass the time (especially during the torrential downpours).Well if I left anything out, you can email me. All in all, we had a great time, drinks did what we wanted them to do, sun (the few days we had of it) gave us a bit of color, we had enough food to keep us from getting hungry, meet some great friends from Canada and England and for $97, well who could complain about that!!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	1	

<Author>TravelHeros
<Content>Great Beach and Pools, Service is Poor We stayed at the Club or Select section of the Grand Paradise Bavaro resort. We travel every year to the Carribean and typically stay at mostly 5 star and sometimes 4+ resorts, so this review will be very fair.Flight: Sunquest flight was delayed so we lost an evening, but that's another matter.Check-in: The worst check-in process ever. I mentioned we were delayed - well we arrived at the resort at 6:00AM from an overnight flight, so you'd think they would be a little more expeditious. Took almost 1.5 hours for only 7-8 rooms to be booked in. Then our key let us in once, didn't work after breakfast and we waited almost another hour to get another that did. Bad start to this trip.Rooms: Stay away from RM:8302! The club/select section is new. Rooms are clean, beds firm, plumbing worked and we had a plasma tv (no remote until last day - no one we knew got one either). The A/C only turns on when you are in the room with the room key. Our A/C worked only 2 of the remaining 6 nights there. I called every evening, and they always said they would send someone, which they didn't. I had to go looking for the manager to get some action - they sent someone that didn't fix anything (banged some pipes for effect.)Grounds: There's really two properties; the original which they call the 'Beach' resort is on the beach. 5 minute trolley ride away, you could walk, but the trolleys come by often enough (about 15mins. wait) that it really is not as bad as I had worried about. The Beach section has more dated rooms, but the grounds are very lush. Most of the A la Cartes were there. The lobby at the Beach resort is very grand with a couple of shops and bars. The Club/Select grounds are massive with almost 2 sections. Closer to the entrance was very pretty, but seamed to cater to French travellers. Closer to the Beach section was more Canadian (Sunquest) and American travellers. Nicer area with the premium boat bar, shops and casino.Pools: 2 huge and nicely configured pools per resort, plus a large kids pool in each as well. Swim-up bars in both sections of the Club/Select area, but not at the Beach resort. We would swim here in the evening before going up to the room to get ready for dinner. Spent most mornings/days at the Beach Resort pools because of close proximity to beach - most people did this.Beach: OK, hands down the best stretch of beach in Punta Cana, shared with Barcelo Premium on one side and Magestic Collonel on the other. We've been here now 3 times - this was the best. White powder, no seaweed, no shells/pebbles, coral to hurt your feet. Waves are up to 1M, which the kids and adults loved (boogie boards are a blast here). The beaches are very topless.Entertainment:There were 2 theatres. The Club/Select catered to the French in the evenings. They even had French animation team and the evening shows at the Club/Select theatre were in French (no one told us). The Beach theatre is the main English/Spanish theatre with the usual nightly entertainment (was not bad). Dominican/English Animation people were fun.Bars: The drinks were the worst I have experienced period. If you want a normal slushy daqairi drink, you must tell them you want a frosty daqairi, otherwise you get juice. They don't make Mojito's, but a good alternative is a Cai Parina (almost the same - you might like it). The boat shaped bar in the Club/Select, is open only after 8:00pm and has it's own nightly entertainment and servers premium liquor for a price. It is next door to the Casino and seems fun for those without kids that can hang-out there.Casino: small, but A/C works. they have slots, roullette and black-jack. it's pretty good.Restaurants: there are 2 buffets, one in each resort area. We found the Beach resort to have a better lunch and dinner buffet, and usually ate there. There is a grill near the beach as well for burgers, chicken, fajita's etc. (not very good). They did have awesome selection of breads for every meal at the buffets. We tried 3 a la cartes: Steak was pretty good (Cana). We didn't like the Dominican (Taino). The Italian was the best, with a small antipasto buffet that was popular - the main dises were not very good (Michael Angelo's). We didn't try the Seafood, it was $35 extra for Lobster - our friends tried it and said it was very good. These were all at the Beach resort. The International was at the Club/Sunquest section.Shopping: There is a very large flea market right outside of the resort. Very safe. Do youself a favour - buy from the very first dealer on the right. He has A/C, and was by far the most negotiable. You will waste 2 hours with the rest, only to come back (we were 5 families that figured that out).Service: I tip a lot. I tipped the maid first day and in the middle and got good service from her. My friends had trouble getting enough towels etc. from their maid. Front desk is the worst in the Dominican. They will tell you they are sending someone and never do. The checkout was worse than the check-in (took 2 hours for 6 rooms to checkout). WARNING: They have a scam going. Your mini-bar includes free coke/sprite, everything else is chargeable. All of us kept getting min-bar bills in the morning, and then they wouldn't allow us to check out without paying them, even though we all said we didn't use all the stuff. I paid $6.50 for mineral waters we never drank. A friend was charged $24 for things they never had. It's unfortunate that they resort to this to get an extra 10-20 bucks from all their guests. I suggest to ask them to keep the min-bar locked up for the week or you will pay.Over-All: While the kids had a great time, and we enjoyed the resort and beach, the service left a really bad taste in my mouth. The Barcelo Premium or Majestic Collonel are much prettier resorts, and from what people there were telling us, better service and great food. I suggest to stay at one of those (they have as nice a beach!).  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	1	1	2	

<Author>DBr3391610
<Content>Pleasant vacation My sister and I spent 5 days at this resort from July 25-July 30, 2008. I use a motorized scooter and after reading the other reviews, I was nervous about the accomodations. I was pleasantly suprised to find that the resort was accessible. I recieved the accessible room that I reserved. The only problem was that the tile floor became very slippery when wet. The shower was a walk in type that caused the whole bathroom floor to become wet when the water was turned on. We solved this problem by putting several towels down on the floor during our morning routine. Other than this, the room was large and spacious. The maid did a fine job with the maintenance of it. Just a tip--Do not put toilet paper in the toilet. There is a trash can next to the toilet for paper. I forgot one time, but there was no problem when I flushed. The scenery was very pretty. I was unable to get to the beach since my scooter does not travel over sand. What I saw was very pretty. I spent most of my time near the pool. One day my sister and I ventured outside of the resort to shop at the plaza, just outside the resort gates. It was overwhelming to have to negotiate for everything. My sister and I were only there a short time before we were annoyed by the aggressiveness of the vendors. I was not impressed by the food. I have to admit that I am a picky eater, but my sister is not. She seemed to be unimpressed by the food also. The speciality restaurants were good, especially the Italian. I did not care for the buffet. The meat was tough, overdone and not very well seasoned. But I guess that's how it is when you are cooking for a large group. Overall I had a good time. After reading the reviews, I wasn't expecting much but was pleasantly surprised when we got there.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Chris_N_Teresa
<Content>Awesome Week!       Swim up bar #2  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>P.Puck
<Content>great review, great area We were 4 ladies on our annual holiday, we picked the Grand paradise back in Sept when a large sale came through in th paper. We were ready and eager to have our vacation away from our too long Canadian winter.  I was very concerned when I had read comments on the resort and the area. Well off we went ready for the chance to prove the comments wrong, and we had no problem doing that. Our rooms were in Building 7 and 8, both third floors. The rooms were clean, spacious and bugfree. Make sure when you go to please get a safety deposit box, just another safety feature for you to have a worry free week. Rooms were clean every day. We got 4 free sodas and a gallon of water each day. If you take anything else, anything else it can be very costly, as they refill every day. We took our own Pringles, granola bars nots, etc. Pool area very clean, 2 pools in Club section, very popular, Luis and Carlos were awesome, definitely added to the personality of the resort. No Diablo, though, 151 proof rum, ouch. Be careful of the walkways, poolside and all around. THEY ARE VERY SLIPPERY, AS THERE WERE A LOT OF INJURIES LAST WEEK FROM SLIP AND FALLS. Just be careful. You have to take the train to the main resort and the beach. The Main resort is older, the grounds are very well kept. The beach is to die for, but watch the surf as it is very strong. If you don't want to take the train, it is a 5min walk not 20 as people said. Food was awesome, you have signing privileges at both resorts. Mangler(international), Michelangelos(Italian) and Cana Grill(Steakhouse) were the best restaurants, we got all 3 as we booked right after the welcome meeting on the first day. There are lots of restaurants and buffets as well. You will never go hungry. Buffets are awesome.  We went on 2 excursions, Outback Safari, a full day on the back of a large truck, booze supplied all day, they were very attentive all the time. We went boogy boarding, meals included and a very good day. Saona Island , was the other trip we went on. The catamarant was a beautiful relaxing ride, the island beautiful and the speedboat ride back excellent fun. The only thing negative, we paid 85US, they wanted tip on the bus, the small boat taking us to the catamarant, on the catamarant, on Saona island, and on the speed boat. Now Come on, I'm not cheap but tipping 5 tips on one excursion, I think not. Oh and one more thing, I have been travelling for almost 20 years. I understand the shopping, bartering system, they give you a price, you go half or less they work something out. The problem now the market next to the hotel is owned by 1 man, he has all the shops, so his employees have been told how to play. No more one dollar shot glasses or even five dollar items, everything is so overpriced they will need a Walmart or something to give them competition to make them be more fair. Check in and out was great. So go to the resort, have some great food, enjoy the staff, walk the beach and enjoy your vacation.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelGurl28
<Content>Wishing I could have stayed longer!       From Strangers to friends  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Frequenttraveler046
<Content>Le Club, Grand Paradise Bavaro I would never go back to this resort. May be Grand Paradise is O.K. but the section Le Club is terrible. Very far from the beach' have to take a trolley and go through a swamp to get to The Grand Paradise and to their beach. Naturally, lack of chairs, towels; although they advertised that you are entitled to three reservations in the specialty restaurants, they make it very, very difficult to try and reserve and in the end, sometimes there are no vacancies. The rooms that are advertised as superior are nothing but inferior. I did not take any photos because I was not interested in souvenirs from this place. Last year, we went to the place next door, The Majestic Colonial and everything was perfect, this is why we decided to go back to Punta Cana. We've learned our lesson; in the future, we will stick to the 5* resort.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beachlover1717
<Content>Love the Club not so much the Beach We left Halifax April 7th stayed to April 22nd. Over all our stay was a good one. We were in building 9 with no problems. There we 6 of us and we all mangaged to get in the same building. We all had rooms that were laid out differently. My daughter was the lucky one she got in a big room with the wrilpool tub right in the middle of it.(very nice room) But all the rooms were very nice and clean. Lots of english channels on the flat screen tv's.The pools all are a good size, and busy. If you are one to stay at the pool advice get up early to get a seating.The beach is nice but the water can be a little rough at times with a under tow. So if you are looking for clam water you will not find it here. If you would like a shaded hut on the beach you have to very early in the morning to get one of these. There are 2 areas for the bar by the beach. Also the is a pretty good lunch served there to. This is the 24hr snack bar at night. We ate lunch quite a few times there as well by the upper pool there is a snake bar open between 12-4 they serve chicken nuggets, hot wing(good), hambugars,hot doogs and sandwiches.The buffet for breakfast,lunch and supper always had something different and we always found something to eat. (they have hinze ketchup) A'Lacart my advice is to book all of them the day you get there. The lady in tin the club lobby in the am book here, at the other looby she is there at 10:30 and always a line, and very slow moving. We at at the Asian on twice the chicken fried rice was very good.The night shows what can I say they were all right .....They do the best they can. I would say I would stay here again if the price is right, I really perfer to stay where the water maybe a little less rough. over all we had a great time.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>dugalus
<Content>The Club at Grand Paradise鈥 growth crisis? WARNING: This review is based on comments of a family of 4 (children 9 and 12) who travelled in several different all inclusive resorts in the past (all above 3.5 stars). We could say that we are not fussy but we expect that certain minimal standards be met. We spent 14 days there at the beginning of April.THE CLUB: It should read 鈥淭he Clubs鈥?as there are almost two clubs in addition to the Grand paradise section. Newly built, these sections are well designed, clean and functional. With the new additions that are under construction, it will be even more pleasant to see. A little train will bring you from The Clubs to the lobby of the Grand Paradise and to the beach. Sometimes the train would be full and you would walk. Depending of where you are in The Clubs, you will spend 5 to 8 minutes to reach the lobby or 10 to 13 minutes to the beach.ROOMS: Depending on your special requests made trough your travel agent you can have a room with a king size bed and a Jacuzzi. We had a room located on a corner of a Block and it was very spacious. Far more than the middle rooms. Doors are ill conceived as they make a lot of noise even if you are carefully shutting them. In addition, they do not have a security chain or a peephole. Our patio door did not lock. Some screws were missing. The rooms are not soundproof at all. You can hear a mouse in rubber sandals walking in the corridors. You can also hear sounds coming from pipes and hair dryers. Our worst experiences were at night. Especially when the inebriated guests would come back from the Disco or the pool bar (nope, we were not there during Spring Break). Every night some people would wake us up between 2 and 3 AM, either by walking, chanting, laughing, or exchanging good night wishes. We also had a dead drunk teenager that banged on our door thinking it was his room鈥e needed the wall to remain on his feet and continued his query by waking other people up on the same floor! One oddity that I must underline: the bed sheets were too small to cover the entire mattress! In the morning you would find them all bundled up.BEACH: Superb, very clean, no cigarette butts, no litter. If you want to experience some serious waves and an even more beautiful beach, just walk a kilometre to the left (facing the sea) were there is no hotel. SERVICE: Excellent in the 芦 脌 la carte restaurants 禄 and at any bar. Poor in the buffets as they are clearly understaffed. It is not the employees鈥?fault. They run as much as they can. So do us! I do not think that it is normal to run after a waiter for coffee, agua or vino. In our first week, in the morning, the employees did not have time to reset the tables. You were doing it yourself, using utensils or glasses untouched on certain tables. The situation improved on our second week. Room service is also poor. Again, I do not think that guests should have to request on the phone and in person on numerous occasions that a gallon of drinkable water be supplied for the day. It should be automatic. I do not think that it is an acceptable solution to go at a bar and order six glasses of water to put in the fridge to last until the refill arrives (if it ever arrives鈥?. Or, to play hide and seek with the maid and conceal an unfinished gallon in a suitcase to make sure she will replace it. We also had to run for towels, additional cards (initially we had only one for us four) and supplementary bed sheets for the kids. All of this needed efforts that we never had to do in our past trips. Almost the entirety of the negative comments I heard from other guests were related to service.FOOD: Excellent. Wide variety at the buffets and very interesting choices in the 鈥溍€ la carte restaurants鈥? Avoid the Asian as all the food we tasted was overcooked in the sauce. ANIMACION: Average.NIGHT LIFE AND SHOWS: We have no clue as we were always trying to recuperate lost sleep (see before).To summarize, even if we had a nice vacation we will not return to this hotel mainly because of the noise and the deficiencies in service. Trust the average reviews of this site, as they are presently accurate.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	3	2	2	

<Author>NatVeilleux
<Content>I would go back to that beach but not to that resort       Bavaro Beach  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>banawana
<Content>Super Fun! Took my Baby! I had alot of fun at this hotel, I did go alone with my then 15 month old daughter. It was a mommy daughter trip.The food was pretty good, and I had no concerns about feeding my daughter there food; she was already on solids. She did get some tummy problems, but very minor, and that's becuase baby's cannot acustome themselves quickly to the different types of food as we can. The crepes were SWEET!I Went on a couple of tours with her and carried her in my sling. I also managed to convince them to let me take her snorkeling, as she had her own life jacket and toddle snorkel masks, she had a blast, and she loved that the fish came up to her (we took bread to draw them to us). We went to the two islands; Beautiful! is all I have to say.They always left coffee and snacks out in between buffet hours, which was nice becuase I didn't have to give up my afternoon coffee.They had ducks, one had an afro... Maya again, had a hoot with those ducks.The grounds are beautiful, I've been to quite a few beaches, and I have to say Punta Cana has one of the best beaches I've been to!They fumigated once a week, which is good, becuase that got rid of any bug problems, and also disinfected. I never saw any huge bugs in my room. The rooms are clean and beds are big. I got some english channels (even though I do speak spanish) And May and I watched a lot of Law and Order.The humidity put my daughter to sleep longer than here in Canada, so I did get a lot of time to swim in the ocean, and I could check up every one in a while, as getting a spot on the beach wasn't difflicult. The people are so friendly, but I do have to warn you about the vendors, I had my laptop, so I was able to check the foreign exch rate when I got there, I didn't mind when they made a little mistake, but I did have an issue with the girls who put up shop on the hotel grounds, and I had to show the the actual exch rate. They gave me have of what my american dollars were actually worth.No problems with noise, and if I ever needed anything for my daughter they provided. TAKE ENOUGH DIAPERS, diapers for tourists are expensive.the ABM machine broke down frequently, but the always managed to get someone to fix it quickly. The pools we great, and they have tons of dance lessong and games fro tourists to join in. They also have a kids club, and the girls seem pretty good with kids, and they all speak english.My daughter really enjoyed the chinese, a la carte.All in all I had a lot of fun with my daughter, and the hotel was great, service greatly appreciated!I'll go back for sure this year, this time with the rest of my family!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>QueenBHamilton
<Content>Great Resort with Problems March 21-29.2008 First of all I will say the resort itself is wonderful. The ground are immaculate, beautiful pools, clean beach, and there is nothing to complain about the food. (although the 2 a la carte's we did were nothing to write home about - Dominican and Sea Food) Our vacation would have been perfect except for a few problems. We were in building # 8 (Select section). First 2 days the hot water was barely a warm trickle-not enough pressure to keep the shower on , 3rd day a cold trickle, then 3 days of good showers and the last day a cold trickle again. No air conditioning for over 24 hrs.. No towels one day, but they were delivered within 15min of calling reception. The bed sheets were too short for the beds resulting in a dirty mattress pad at your feet. When we arrived the bar fridge was stocked with water, pop, juices, chips, candy etc. Knowing that only 4 bottles of pop and the gallon of water are all-inclusive, I emptied out the fridge (into a drawer) and stocked it with our own stuff. The next day, my stuff was emptied and the fridge got re-stalked. We went to the reception and explained that we now had double bar fridge contents. We were told to put everything on the dresser and it would be taken care of and that there would be no charge since we did not use it. The next day one set of contents was removed. BUT... when we went to check out at the end of our stay.... we were dinged with a $71 US bar bill. I guess someone forgot to document the fact they removed the second re-stocking. (PS they charge $3.00 for a bottle of water) They were very rude and ignorant about it at the reception. We were not the only ones fighting bogus bar bills. (I guess this is how they make extra money..... or they have a theft problem with staff, since anyone could have entered our room and taken the second set.... we definitely did not use it) This incident did leave a sour taste in my mouth. Also note, the bar fridge does not function without the room key inserted. (all power in the room shuts off when you leave....if you have meds that need the fridge, make sure you ask for an extra room key so the fridge will run all day, and then tape it in the slot so the maid does not remove it like she did the first day to us)The other problem this resort has is it has expanded (with the club and select sections) beyond its beach capacity. We found the beach too crowed with not enough umbrellas or chairs. Shade was hard to find without encroaching on someone else's personal space. Forget getting up at 6am.... all the umbrellas are taken by 3am on the beach. You might get one by the pool at that time, but by 6:30, they are also taken. (PS. Take off your wrist band and go to the resort next door.... they have plenty of space)Watch out for the internet. Logging off can be confusing, and the next time you log on..... you have no minutes left. Do yourself a favour and buy smaller time cards vs. the one hour.All that being said, we had a great time, and as long as you don't run into any problems like we did, you will have a fabulous holiday.PS. I have been to the Dominican 5 times and to Cuba 5 times and this is the first time I have had any real problems. I guess it was just my turn. I am still hoping to resolve the bar issue and get a refund.If anyone wants more info. contact me at beertoal@gmail.com  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	2	3	3	3	2	

<Author>hawkinsphd
<Content>It was ok... The grounds were immaculately clean, the buffet was pretty good, and the staff was friendly and helpful. The beach was very clean and had soft white sand. Just beautiful. Overall it was a great trip. One BIG downside 鈥?having to take a shuttle back and forth between the beach and main resort. The Club section is about a mile from the main resort. A few times we ended up walking between our room and the main building because the shuttle was slow or not working. It was very inconvenient, especially those times that we wanted to change clothes and make the dinner buffet before it closes.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	1	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>panda55
<Content>French Resort? Great holiday in Paradise - we have been scared to go to this resort after reading all recent reviews as many were negative.Our experience is positive even though there were some problems like in any other resort you would go to. Grand Paradise has very luscious beautiful grounds,esp. in the main area, well maintained.The staff is friendly and if you treat them well they return the same. They speak basic English except some maids. A little Spanish is very appreciated. Don't forget to tip maids, it pays off.It's important to rent the tresor in your room, don't leave any of your valuables around. The rooms in the bldg. 9 are very nice and contemporary. Ask for upper floors since on the main you can get some insect in (small catepilars etc.). We have been on second fl. and never had any problem with this. Lower numbers of rooms - closer to the La Palma restaurant where buffet is.Ask for extra key card as you need to leave one in the aircondition /electr. slot to keep your room cold. Get the remote controller for Tv when you check in. Make sure that your key carddoesn't go any close to your camera or cell phone - that causes damage on the strip and you would be locked out :o(.Check in was prompt and professional, same was check out. Exceptional services were provided by Jonathan and then Samuel. Some other guys there didn't work as prompt. Internet services sucked, never worked well, lost money for it. Great photographer Emilio (main lobby). If you can take a little walk it takes you to the main lobby within 5-6 min, to the beach 10 min. Otherwise you can take their train which we wouldn't mind much if it would have been different one. The one they're using is very noisy tractor poluting the air..... one thing what should be taken care of soon. Try to get your room away of the train route since it runs 24/7 in short intervals.The Club Section was open recently and needs some improvement (touch ups in the rooms, some repairs needed) and there is some construction on the site (didn't bother us much). The pool bar there is the best, Louis and Rico are perfect guys for their job. From the restaurants we loved most Italian and La Cana was nice. The business services needs to get a bit polished....In the main lobby is Piano Bar upstairs where is live music and dance from Tue-Sat, that was great!!The shows in the theatre were ok, avarage. Didn't go there much.Our biggest OUCH in this resort are FRENCH, there was about 75% french tourists there, esp. in the Club area. Most of them are arrogant, some rude and very annoying. French from Canada never say so, if asked they're from Quebec.......french majority there may be a main reason if we're not going back to this resort in the future; if you're speaking only English and don't have friends with you're lost. One another thing we haven't been excited about was getting up really early morning (for sure before 6) to get the chairs on the beach. If you're late you don't get shade. Beach is very beautiful;was damaged after a storm and the sea is not as clean now.Next season when Club section will be fully open they will run into a BIG problem with the beach space - not big enough for so many people, for sure not enough chairs. This resort is alive, good for young people and older as well as there are activities for the all age groups.About the food - we loved it, good selection and great presentation. Enjoy your holiday :O)  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	1	

<Author>AlbertanFromBC
<Content>Think twice!! We were very disappointed in our stay at this resort and would warn people away from it! Our first disappointment came in the bus from the airport when we were informed that we were not staying at a beachfront resort as we had expected. There was uproar on our bus with many disappointed guests. It seems that this resort doesn't make it very clear to travel agents or guests that there are, in fact, TWO resorts - one is beachfront and the other is not. While the beach is not that far from the hotel, when there are so many options for beachfront resorts in this area, why would you not stay somewhere else? We would have.Other problems we encountered? No hot water for our first 3 days. No food available when we arrived at 10pm, even though the maps and brochures clearly state there is a 24-hour snack bar. Unfriendly staff, particularly the front desk staff who were often downright rude. Barely any food available at the Club hotel where we stayed. Poorly insulated walls meant you could hear your neighbours and those in the hallways very clearly. We have stayed at several all-inclusive resorts in the Carribbean and this one, hands down, was the worst. Never will we return!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	1	4	1	3	2	

<Author>DLJL
<Content>Great time ! Our family (2 adults and children aged 8 11) just returned from the Club and we had a great time. We decided to stay at the club because the rooms were a bit cheaper and we did not mind the short walk (5 -10 minutes) to the beach. Our room was very clean and overlooked the pool. There are two pool areas at the club each with swim up bars. The staff were very friendly and the food at the a la carte restaurants was very good. My only complaint would be the staff at the gift shop in the main lobby at the main hotel. They were none too helpful or friendly. Our contact for Go Travel was Anne-Michel and she was excellent! Gave great advice and always on site and ready to help out or answer questions. We took the shopping trip to the cigar store but would not reccomend it as the prices in the boutique were high and we ended up waiting quite a while to be picked back up to the hotel. We also took the Caribean excursion to swim with the sharks and snorkel and the whole family enjoyed it.This was only our first trip to the Domenican but we would reccomend this resort.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>olaQuebec
<Content>The beach and pools are great. My friend and my self stayed at the Club during the first week of March. Our room was fine but not a 4 star like they advertised. Our maid service was great, she cleaned everyday, gave us clean towels on a daily basis and fresh water when ever we asked. Check in and out was very quick. You have to ask for a convertor for the TV at the front desk. Our patio door did not lock nor did our fridge work. We told them at the fron desk the first day but they were never fixed. Note: The rooms there can not be compared to a 4 star in Canada. The food was good at the buffets, excellent at the a la cartes. We really enjoyed the steak house.The beaches were spectacular. They were very clean and alot of chairs. Most people do go very early in the morning to place their towels on the chairs until they go down to the beach. Most people will reserve sets of chairs in the sun along with a hut so most of the time chairs have been reserved but not being used. The pools were beautiful, especially the two at the club area, they both had swim up bars.The resort had a lot to do for free, boggie boards, archery, tennis (except at night). The shows were very good, those entertainment people work 12 - 14 hours a day. The drinks were very good although they all came in small glasses, but you do not have to tip every drink. We were warned about going out to the ventors just outside the resort, we were told that they were very aggressive. We went two or three times and had a great time and got some really good deals. On the Friday night they have vendors come into the resort, they were good to. We did go on a shopping tour that was recommended by our travel guide but we were very disapointed with the trip. The prices in the gift shops are very high and the people who work in them were not very friendly.I would say that you have to give yourself at lease one day on site and then you relax and go with the flow and you will have a great time. The weather was terriffic. We went on two day trips. The monster truck tour was well worth the money, you really get to see the island and the people. The party boat was our second one, we snorkled, swam with sharks and partied on the boat, it was amazing.I would say overall that the trip was well worth the money we paid.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>2	5	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>mya77
<Content>Make the best of it My boyfriend and I (aged 31  34) stayed at the Grand Paradise (The Club) from February 26-March 4.Arrival- I had booked through Sunwing back in January. It was to be a direct flight from Toronto to Punta Cana, a week before I got a phone call from Sunwing that we were now stopping in Puerto Plata, which it took us 6 hours instead of 4. When we got to Puerto Plata we were asked to get off the plane so that they could let some people out and pick up other that were going back to Toronto. We were back on the plane within an hour and a half. We finally got to Punta Cana at 9:45. It was exhausting since we had been at the airport in Toronto since 12 noon. They dropped everyone off at the main lobby at the Grand Paradise. We stood in line for about 20 minutes to check in, to find out that all of us except one couple were going over to the Club. The trolley was out of service so they took us over 2 at a time in a van. Our check in at the Club was quick.Our Room: Building 9-I am not sure if everyone there is the same but ours was very nice. A king size bed, very clean and spacious. Phone, plasma TV. The view wasn鈥檛 the greatest as we faced the back (the pipes with sewage) but we didn鈥檛 spend our time in the room so we didn鈥檛 mind. One note: the sheets are very humid at night; kind of like sleeping on damp towels, what I did was lay a towel under me, because I hate the feeling of dampness. Our maid was extremely nice and sweet. Very clean and we always had fresh towels. MAJOR: be careful with the mini bar. You can drink 4 bottles of pop (which we didn鈥檛) but the water is 5-6 dollars each. It was 12:30am by the time we checked into our room and were extremely thirsty and hungry, we drank 2 bottles of water and 1 the next morning, later to find out we had to pay for them, they charged us for 5 bottles! We had bought 2 the next morning at the gift shop for a 1, and they thought they were taken from the fridge therefore even after explaining this to them every day we were there, at check out we HAD to pay for all 5, as the company that has the fridges in the room is not owned by the hotel, and front desk scolded me for not telling them and not the company that comes to our room. I paid this, but it really pissed me off, as I had not drank 5 bottles, and the jug they are to bring to your room daily full of water only got to our room the 3rd day we were there.Resort: The Club is very clean and still having some finishing touches, as we heard of people in building 7 not having air conditioning or hot/warm water and room phones. All pools were clean and the pool bars were fun, JORGE was awesome at the Mangalar pool bar. It id 95% French at the club, much more laid back and calm, we had our breakfast everyday there at the buffet as it was really close to our room and quieter than the main resort. The trolley stop was also by our building which was great since we spent most of the days at the Grand Paradise. The trolley experiences problems sometimes, either too many people on it and no space or it is not running. The walk is about 5-10 minutes and at times we were glad we had it especially when we over indulged in food. Rent the safe (20) as it is worth it, there are a few people that come in and out of your room, the maid, and the mini bar guys (who don鈥檛 work for the resort) The Grand Paradise Main-We would pack our daily necessities in a back pack and take off to the beach. It was much easier than trying to get to your room a couple of times during the day. There are times share selling guys, just tell them you don鈥檛 work and are broke, they won鈥檛 bother you again. There are always activities by the pool for those of you that are into that. The entertainment people work very hard, they start at 8am, all day then perform in the night show from 9:30-11, and then go to the disco to make sure the tourists have fun. They are there to entertain you, and make sure you have fun. The main resort is about 10 years old, you can see that they are trying to keep on top of things but obviously some things are hit and miss.The Beach: Just beautiful, nothing more to say.Restaurants: We went to the Seascape, Taino and The Steakhouse, all were good, but some you have to pay for your wine, so check first. Also tip at the a la carte鈥檚 as they really do take care of you there.Night Life: There is a disco, if you are into that it is ok, I guess what you make of it. We would usually hang out at the sports bar when it got dark and then to the disco and back to the sports bar, the drink are nice and cold there. That is also where the computers (2) are and you can get espresso and cappuccino.Excursions: We went on the Country Side excursion which takes you to a local house, and to a beach, along the way stopping at where you can do some shopping at way better prices than the resort, I suggest this excursion if you would like to get out of the resort for at least a day. It was one of our most memorable parts of our vacation.One tip: Go to your orientation meeting the following day you get there. We met our rep Krisha who had a lot of useful info for us. We also booked our a la carte鈥檚 through her and never had a problem. She suggested which excursion we should do and never disappointed us. I witnessed many other reps and heard a lot of feedback from others booking through other company鈥檚 and I think Sunwing is very lucky to have someone who is as dedicated and treats Sunwings customers as her own. You could tell with her interactions with people who work at the resort that she is well liked and respected.Also, TD Canada Trust bank card does not work at the bank machines at the hotel and airport, so make sure you have extra cash or a credit card.If you have any questions don鈥檛 hesitate to e-mail me.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>ballegeer
<Content>We would never stay at the Club again, but would stay at the Grand Paradise! Where do I start! First of all, we loved Punta Cana! Would we return? Yes, to the hotel, probably not. Honestly the hotel was fine, the staff wasn't the greatest, it took 2 days to get clean bath towels, but I was impressed because most of the staff were fluent in 3 languages, english, french and of course spanish. Don't expect to get the room that you booked, we were suppose to get a garden view room, well we got a view of the flea market, it wasn't nice at all, but we didn't spend much time in our room anyway. The food was pretty good, there was a big selection. The Pools were nice, but we spent most of our time at the beach, which was beautiful! We would never stay at the Club ever again, but we would stay at the Grand Paradise ( the main resort) and this is why. I have never seen so many RUDE french people in my life. At the Club it was probably 95% french, and it was mostly catered to them and the entertainment in the evening was also french. I had been pushed out of the buffet line, while this lady put back food from off of her plate, gross! As we would wait for the trolly to pick us up, they would come and jump in front of us and steal our seats. That's only the beginning, I'm not even going to tell the rest, you wouldn't believe it!We did have a fantastic vacation, I recommend going on the day trip to Saona Island, it's beautiful.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nbk79hg
<Content>Challenging to say the least Let me start off with this was our third trip to Punta Cana and have stayed at the Melia Caribe Tropical and Paradisus Palma Real. For this trip, traveled with my wife and three sons (6,4,2) to the Grand Paradise Bavaro from 2/5-2/12. We selected this hotel based on the fact my parents had a timeshare and were staying for 3 weeks. I had read all the reviews and was hoping for the best.We arrived to find we had been booked into two separate rooms even though our reservations was for a 1 bedroom suite. After 30 minutes of arguing they found one for us, it was in the older section of the club and was a dump! broken bed, lights, bathroom ceiling fan that never shut off, bugs in the shower. Next morning, meet with Montero, the manager, he tried but they only had a junior suite in the new section available so we moved to that, new, clean, much nicer but again not what we paid for. The challenge with this place is the service is horrendous in the club, a minimum or three calls or visits to get anything, whether it was a blanket, clean towels, etc. The front desk staff is horrible, everything was no problem but you never received. Basically, they did not care, I speak some spanish and it was amazing what they would say with me standing there.At the restaurant at the club, be prepared to not have clean linens on the table, no silverware, glasses, you will need to find them yourself at the wait station. Will also need to hunt down someone to provide water, coffee, not very relaxing. Be prepared, they do not have kids menu's in the specialty restaurants and that is a challenge. Unless in the Italian, only thing you could get for the kids was grilled chicken and french fries, nothing kid friendly.One bright spot was the food, the buffets were actually very good, many choices, tasty. The Speciality restaurants were ok, Italian was good, Steakhouse had horrible service, Chinese was not very good and Seafood had best food and service.The beach is very nice but you need to get up early to find chairs, once again way to stressful when you are on vacation. Also, they run out of towels every day and basically say sorry no more till tomorrow, who ever heard of this at a resort.Overall, I would NEVER return to this resort. This was not a vacation, but a constant fight to get what we paid for and basic necessities like blankets, towels, etc.BEWARE, the Club section is under construction and many people were put in rooms next to construction, without hot water or power. Also, this resort caters to Europeans and their are mostly French at the club who can be rude at times, be prepared.Recommend you stay at the Melia Caribe, going back next year it was heaven compared to this resort.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Borgers
<Content>Pretty good Except for the smell of the sewer behind block #2 at the Club, the hotel was not too bad. They really should get more staff for the reception at the Club as the wait was sometimes too long (20mins to get your key card fixed) but the staff is wonderful and will help when you need it. The food was pretty good, and I liked being at the Club for the reason that the pools, bars and buffet weren't half as busy as the Grand side - that was just crazy sometimes. The rooms were clean and comfy - not that we really spent much time there. The walk between the Club and the Grand is max. 5 minutes, and is a good way to keep on top of the cerveza and buffet that you are consuming. :-) We were a group of 16 and never had an issue finding beach or pool chairs, but a palapa on the beach has to be reserved by 6am or you are out of luck. The beach in Punta Cana is beautiful and the best part of the vacation. I wouldn't rave about the hotel, but we were content and still had a great time.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	3	3	

<Author>IslaBonita2007
<Content>Loved it! LOVED THE CLUB!!!a LA CARTE for most mealsNot as busy as the Grand but you could still use the Grand's facilities. We loved it! We were there during Semana Santa or Holy Week and everything was great!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vaquera
<Content>Wonderful holiday! We just returned from a family vacation at the Grand Paradise. The younger ones stayed at the main resort and the oldies at the Club. We all had a wonderful time and would definitely go back for a group vacation. The people working there were the friendliest that I've ever experienced at a resort. The food was great especially at the a la carte restaurants, but even the buffet had something for everyone and was always fresh and appealing. There was always lots of food and variety of drinks, even the red wine was good. Some of our group actually preferred the buffet to the other restaurants. The beach and pool were clean and beautiful - you can walk for miles and there is even an empty stretch of beach with no hotels. The waves were great for boogie boarding. Of course there are always occasional problems with AC, hot water, power outages, but I've experienced that at resorts everywhere. And I'd recommend taking your own pillow. The snorkelling trip wasn't worth it but I've snorkelled in amazing places and the motorized water vehicles can be irritating. But that's also part of resort life. There are some very negative reviews on this resort and I think those writing them must complain everywhere they go. They should just stay home. You get what you pay for and this hotel certainly gives you your moneys worth and more!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>laska007
<Content>Very disappointing! Wouldn't go back! We have been several times to Cuba and other South/Central American countries, but this hotel was a big disappointment. 1) The difference between the club section and the main hotel was not clearly indicated anywhere (and our agent forgot to specify it too), thus, upon our arrival we found out that it was not a beachfront hotel as advertised. We had to take a small train to get to the main hotel and then go to the beach. This was not a problem however, as the train passed by frequently and the drivers would often stop even between the 2 destinations to pick us up. This service was free. 2) Construction: Between the main hotel and the club section there was construction going on, mostly done by Haitian people. It was usually not loud, however it dirtied the road between the two hotels and you had to watch out not to get run over by a truck etc. 3) Hotel: even the club section was super clean, the rooms were spacious, no problems there. We had to pay 20$US for a safe and had to exchange the TV remote control 3 times, but other than that, no complaints there. However, forget about asking for a room of your choice - higher floors or views, the staff was highly unhelpful unless you tipped them and even then it took some negotiating (I speak Spanish so it was easier). 4) Beach and water - absolutely no complaints, super clean, beautiful. We had only 2 days of rain, otherwise the water was clear, warm and beautiful, except the motor speed boats that kept passing by at very high speeds and limited us in snorkelling (you had to stay at the shore)5) FOOD: HORRIBLE. There is no other way of describing it. I eat pretty much anything, but the choices, except for desserts were awful. We have eaten better at a 3-star hotel in Cuba. The service, except for the Asian a la carte restaurant was also very poor. After asking 3x for a cup of coffee (they only have Nescafe, not like Cuba where they have real espresso machines from Italy!) we left one of the a la carte restaurants. Also, you can't get any lunch or supper at the CLUB, the buffets are only at the main hotel. 6) OVERALL: It would have been good for 3 stars for the club and probably 3.5 stars for the main hotel. Our friends and family stayed at the Majestic Colonial (next door) and they really loved it. We stayed there for 1 day (day pass) and were really impressed with everything, the food, the service etc. So my advice, don't go to the Grand Paradise, it's no paradise, pay a little more and stay at the Majestic Colonial, it's worth it.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	2	5	1	3	1	

<Author>rosasa
<Content>Loved the Club       trolley ride  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>AJTravels
<Content>Had a great time..       A view at the Terraza Manglar Bar  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>SweetEbony75
<Content>nice resort few complaints I'm going to start off with the positives because i only have as few negative things to say about the hotel. The grounds are well maintained. The staff we're friendly especially the animation team which put on some fabulous shows and most of the bartenders went out of there way to make sure that you always had a drink. the food was great at the buffet they're was a lot of variety of stuff to eat. They're 6 a la carte restuarants I heard the Seafood one was amazing but was unable to go cause it was full everyday. I went to all the other ones because I had 5 a la cartes with go travel. my favorite one was Manglar which is an international restuarant the food was to die for. The beach was nice but there waves where really strong and brought in alot of sea weed. there's 2 part to the hotel I stayed at the club which is not the main building but was very quiet most of the activities took place at the other side of the hotel which was ok cause theres a mini train that passes between both hotels every 5-10 minutes to bring you to the main building where almost thing is located the beach, the buffet and the nightly shows.Just a few complaint was that they had problems with the satelitte connections the whole week and one day we didn't have water for about 30 mins. Besides those minor issues me and my boyfriend had a great time. We will definately go back again.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>DianeVictoria_B_C_
<Content>Don't waste your money on this resort! We stayed at The Club at the Grand Paradise in Punta Cana for 1 week (not near the beach - you had to take a 5 minute train ride to the Grand Paradise). About halfway through the vacation, both husband and myself got violently ill. We were throwing up and had a bad case of the [--]. The food at the buffet (barfait) was terrible (Uncle Willy's) and the a la carte restaurants were not much better. Also, the drinks were not good either - all they seem to serve there is rum and watered-down beer! The hotel rooms were in need of repair as well. Most of the shower heads were broken, some people complained about not having air conditioning and the cable did not work in our suite. We booked out 3 a la carte restaurants with our Sunwing rep (J.C.) and he forgot to tell the restaurants. When we went to the restaurant, they said that we did not have a reservation and we had to fight with the restaurant manager to let us in.Anytime we had a problem, the staff did not seem to care and were almost rude about it. They were not helpful.I would not recommend this resort to anyone who wants to have a good time. This resort should be re-classified to a 2 star rating.The best thing about this vacation was the beach - it was beautiful - white sand and clear blue water.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	1	2	1	

<Author>Chiquititas
<Content>We never thought it could be so bad!! Not well know where to start ... I just spend 1 week in Grand Resort Paradise Bavaro with another 2 friends (aged 24 and 27). When we reached the reception seemed to us that the resort had everything to go well ... the most beautiful gardens, the beach, swimming pool, bars ... everything was in certain sites. We are not very demanding people, but this resort nor the least we receive. Bath towels, not the changed, had to be constantly asking to go to the reception ... had that floor behind the cleaning ladies because the fourth since the first day cheirava so badly but so badly .... as beach towels, not the always a changed and placed the less. We paid to take fourth triple but only had 2 beds. Only last 4 days we put another bed (in fact, put a mattress on the floor). The people of receipt seemed that they enjoyed in our faces ... and neither asked for apologies happened. The lunches are always batats fries, pizzas and hamburgers. The only thing that made us fun Were the French animators , who are part of a French company of animation, called Lookea, and also some of the animators of the hotel. Though they said they are in remodeling and go through a process of exchanging owners .... We not recommend going there!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	1	2	

<Author>soho204
<Content>RCI should be ashamed No hot water for 4 days. What more can I say.Had to wait 45 minute foir a trolley to the beach. Internet didn't work. I won't be back.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	1	4	3	4	1	

<Author>sunworshipperKent
<Content>Had a Great Time at The club at Grand Paradise   showReview(10596172, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stephred
<Content>Peacefull and worth it!!   showReview(8265390, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Wagman
<Content>Amazing beach! Great resort. Average food? Lock your VALUABLES!!!   showReview(8259624, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	3	2	

<Author>lmptak
<Content>Definitely Recommended.   showReview(8244538, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>conkhouz99
<Content>Trolly to the Beach       Fantastic Beach-White Sand and Crystal Blue water!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	2	3	5	4	1	

<Author>angsvg
<Content>Ok if you speak french   showReview(7471900, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SteveMyly
<Content>The Club = gorgeous room   showReview(7415073, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>MoryPuertorico
<Content>No vuelvo!!!       vista hermosa de habitacion  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>2	1	2	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>BOBY09
<Content>Bon pour le prix       train  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>mbernier100
<Content>Semaine de r锚ve!!!   showReview(23034860, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>carinazuleta
<Content>Una linda estadia sin muchos "peros" [--]       Isla Saona  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>fifiMadrid
<Content>La playa del hotel es divina   showReview(19548887, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>vallecostero
<Content>Me encanto       del grupo de los espanoles estaba tambien Antonio y David  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>iliamar1
<Content>mediocre   showReview(18650617, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	1	2	1	

<Author>blackangel25
<Content>Pas tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅 prix, surtout quand on est seule   showReview(15778565, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	3	4	2	4	4	

<Author>nuche
<Content>extraordinaire h么tel       la plage  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>gripett
<Content>Plage extaordinaire   showReview(13317844, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	1	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>notstraight83
<Content>Beau Voyage   showReview(11468603, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>boletita
<Content>隆No se os ocrra ir!   showReview(10591697, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Normandie_Coco
<Content>Club look茅a hotel balaro grand paradise       Plage de Saona  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>trakertoledo
<Content>lo peor de lo peor   showReview(8211754, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

