<Author>sunnytraveler1970
<Content>Nothing like the Ritz Carlton you'd expect...!!! Holiday stays are often difficult but I never worry about booking with the Ritz Carlton, until now. My family consists of 2 adults and a 12 and 14 year old. We arrived in San Juan a couple of days prior to a cruise. We arrived on Christmas night and it was very busy in the hotel. Our rooms were already prepaid prior to our arrival and a room with 2 double beds were committed. When we arrived we were told only King sized beds were available but they could provide a cot in an effort to help us. Obviously, this wasn't really an option, I asked if there were larger rooms, different rooms, anything that had double beds (I offered to pay an up charge if needed). I was told the only option would be to get another room with a King size bed. I declined the offer as it came with a full rate $800 per night price tag. I asked to speak with a manager so I could show him all my confirmation paperwork and hopefully get some resolution. The manager was called and after about 10 minutes he appeared and I told him my situation, showed him all my confirmation paperwork. He told me he would resolve the problem, he walked in the back and returned telling me everything was resolved. I thanked him and wished him a Merry Xmas. I was given the key and told to wait a few moments while housekeeping had to do something in the room. After a few moments we walked to the room and noticed that housekeeping added a double bed into a room with a King sized bed.... it was hilarious, essentially the entire room consisted of 2 beds... At this point I had to laugh and make the best of it, I was only going to be there for 2 nights. However, it is clear when you walk around this hotel, the cleanliness and condition of the property is nothing like anything I've ever experienced in other Ritz Carltons. The employees do not have the same dedication to service that I have experienced elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>philipj330
<Content>Expected more from a Ritz Carlton In San Juan, Puerto Rico, the Ritz is probably the best place to stay, but based on the reputation of the Ritz brand (and the cost), the experience was disappointing. From the dated rooms, to the house keeping staff screaming in the hallways early in the morning, to having to pray you get a lounge at the pool, and rediculously expensive restaurants for what you get, this Ritz is more like a 3 star Marriott.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>3	2	3	2	4	4	3	4	

<Author>addostone
<Content>Not up to standards of a Ritz This hotel while being a Ritz Carlton did not meet my expectations. What sets a great hotel apart from a good hotel are the things that you do not see but come up and surprise you. Maybe its the economy but all the extras you expect from A Ritz or Four Seasons were not there. The staff is very friendly and will help with any situation but the overall feel was not great. As this was our first stay, I asked many people who have been going there for many years, and almost all said what I felt and many said that they would not return. The rooms are fine (that is after we were moved from our room as there was mold under the windows and on the carpet.....gross). Internet is VERY spotty. What amazed us was that we were told that the hotel was full yet not all the restaurants were open. Be sure to book them ahead of time and stay far away from Mare the seafood restaurant. Prices were very inflated as it is a Ritz, but come on 18 for a pool side hot dog and 22 for a pool side ceasar salad with chicken? The magic question is would I return..........the answer is NO.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	5	-1	

<Author>ajones24
<Content>Not what we expected from a Ritz-Carlton We stayed in the Ritz-Carlton for 5 nights during a recent vacation; the service was excellent (if somewhat spotty), but the overall experience was less than what we expected from a Ritz. We are frequent travelers and during the past 5 years we have taken 10 extended vacations and never had occasion to complain about anything; we're not easily ruffled, and it takes a lot to make me call guest services--something we had to do several times during our stay. Here are the things we had to complain about: 1) When we took a blanket out of the closet to put it on the bed, it was wadded in a ball and had a huge piece of dried cheese stuck right on top. Disgusting. Housekeeping brought a new blanket immediately and it was warm and fresh.2) We had a standard room which could be used as an adjoining room. On the third day, someone checked in to the adjoining room and we could hear everything they said, even though they were speaking in normal voices. I could hear the man whistling Little Drummer Boy - that's not right. We were woken up at 1:30 AM when the couple returned from a night out; they received 4 phone calls within 20 minutes and we heard every word of every call. That should not happen at a Ritz. To the credit of the Ritz staff, we called guest services at 2:00 AM and asked for a non-adjoining room, which they quickly located for us and we were moved within 15 minutes. Excellent service.3) The next day we had to call guest services again and ask for a new iron, since the one in the new room was coming apart and didn't work. I didn't want to have to call again (I felt we had already earned a reputation as hard to please, unfairly), but we couldn't show up for dinner in wrinkled clothes...They brought a new iron within 5 minutes. We had an excellent time despite the small problems, but we concluded that the hotel quality was more in line with a 3-star hotel. We've stayed in Hiltons and Sheratons that were MUCH nicer than the Ritz, and for much less.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	5	4	3	

<Author>anyone
<Content>Very Dated - Very Expensive - Not 5 star! At $700 a night including taxes including a resort charge for sunbeds! including breakfast I think this hotel should be a lot higher standard!The hotel public areas are superb - having enjoyed a drink here last year we decided to stay overnight before joinng Sea Dream Yacht Club in San Juan - the room are very tired and not 5 star - the service also isnt 5 star - this is a very very very busy transient hotel similar to the Jumeirah Beach hotel type of busy busy hotel - not an exclusive Ritz Carlton property - there are just far too many people everywhere in a very overcrowded pool area and all the bar areas are full - breakfast is not a pleasant refinded experience as everywhere is so very very busyThe rooms themselves are in urgent need of a major upgrade and refurb as charging $700 per night should leave plenty of money to spend on getting the standard higherThe public areas are nice and very rtitz carlton elegant at first glance - although the bar area is still very small for the size of the hotel and the live music at night in the bar area is so loud that you cannot enjoy a conversation - again not the usual refined Ritz Carlton style we are used toLanguage is a problem with the service as the staff often didnt understand basic requests - our turn down service was completely missed which is poor at $700 per night and when I requested it at 11pm having got back to the room not done they did send someone over - so we had to then pay for extra drinks whilst they did the room for us and even then they didnt replace the toiletries in the bathroom or the wet robes or the bottle water - it was a very very quick turn down service after I had complained - no soft music or chocolates on the bed and not nice little extra touches that are usual at a hotel of this standardDrinks in the bar are the usual high prices which you have to accept in hotels like his - we had dinner in Il Mullino which was ok but nothing fantastic - again very expensive and very very hectic and busyBreakfast was nothing special - just an ordinary buffet and staff who didnt really understand most requests - the coffee was absolutely horrible - I enjoy a nice double espresso in the mornings but this coffee was exceptionally strong and bitterThe pathways and pool area again need refurbishing as there are lots of cracks and signs of wear - the pool area itself is quite slippy - again the property needs some money spent on itAccess to the beach is good at the back of the pool area and the beach is nice golden sand with very warm water - no lovely colours though and definitely no amazing view from the beach as all around the hotel area is very run down - no shopping within walking distance and very far from the centre of San Juan - convenient though for the airport and the aircraft noise didnt actually disturb usThe air conditioning in the room is very very old and kept cutting in during the middle of the nigh and waking us up - it was vvery noisy - not sure if this was just our room or a standard featureWe were upgraded for our $700 from a pool view room to an ocean view with a small balcony which we were glad of as I would have been even more disappointed had we been given a poor view - the balcony was tired and badly in need of a refurb and paint but there was a good view and at least we had one as there are very few rooms at this hotel that have a balconyThe bathroom was ok and had a nice large separate shower - it had been refurbished but you could see that it was basically an old style that had had a little bit of updating - all the electrics are very old not like the modern Ritz Carlton hotels and the bathroom floor was quite slippy from leaking water from the shower areaI wouldnt choose to stay here again as I think it is very overpriced for what you get but top quality hotels are hard to find in San Juan and I think this probably isstill one of the best - we will try to join our cruises from somewhere else in futureAbsolutely not up to the usual standard of Ritz Carlton Hotel and definitely not for the price - at $300 per night it would be acceptable but not at $700!!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	1	2	2	3	4	2	3	

<Author>Visitors4
<Content>If I had the choice again . . . If I had the choice again, I would stay at the Marriott resort in Condado where I stayed in last visit. I stayed at the Ritz for two nights for business, and though I didn't utilize many of the services included in the resort fee, I was not overwhelmed and impressed with the hotel and rooms. It has beautiful grounds, though not in a very good location. At least $20 taxi fare to central areas like Old San Juan, business district and Condado, and can't really walk out to anywhere.The rooms in comparison to many other hotels I have stayed was average, and in my view comparable to Marriott. The room I stayed in need some refurbishing in the decor. The service was average, attentive, but not exceptional and I would find elsewhere in other hotels.In all, the hotel is average; I was expecting more for a Ritz, and the high price that a traveler would pay for this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelNut70
<Content>Lovely Hotel....Spotty Service Stayed at the Ritz just for one night prior to flying over to St Maarten/St. Martin for more vacation time.Hotel is beautiful with lovely grounds, pool and hotel rooms. All amenities in the rooms are Bulgari. Check in went very quick and easy. It was later in the day but decided to get alittle sun before it set so we went to the pool right away.The pool bar/restaurant was closed for renovation. We wanted to order beverages so looked for a pool server walking around. No one seemed to be interested in taking our order. We had to wait a long time and finally I got up and went over to someone to get service. He did bring us one beverage but we never saw anyone else so we gave up on any other service at the pool.Had dinner at Mares which was excellent. Prices are a bit high but since it is a Ritz, to be expected. Seafood was fresh and the Sangria was very tasty! (of course it was $55.00 for Sangria so keep that in mind if you are on a budget!)Went to one of the shops and decided to purchase a copper tile of a parrot which was in the window. The girl checked the price on the back which said $30.00, which was a pretty good deal. When she went to ring it up, it rang up as $45.00....a bit more than was quoted. She was nice and said she would give us a 10% discount since we were staying in the hotel. We did buy it anyway.Went to the casino which was fairly busy considering it was slow season. Roulette was pretty fun and I actually won some $$, since my husband lost I guess we broke even. Got complimentary drinks, which was very nice since we didn't get our beverages at the pool earlier!Checked out the next day and requested a valet to handle our luggage. We waited for a long time but no one ever came so we just handled it by ourselves. When we went to the front, they weren't very busy so that was not the reason for no valet service.Overall, the hotel was very pleasant and attractive, however, being a Ritz I would have not expected the issues we had with the pool service or valet service. Still a very nice hotel.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>chicagoblonde
<Content>Can't wait to stay again We stayed at the Ritz for one night precruise. From the check in to check out everything was great. The hotel bar had comfortable seating (couches  chairs), a welcoming atmosphere, warm lighting and entertainment, not to mention the mojito's  plantain chips were wonderful.The pool  beach were very clean and accomodating. The service on the beach was excellent, as soon as you come through the glass doors and down the steps the beach the guys that set up your chairs are there to help  very tolerable. They are there for whatever you need. The only downfall is the beach has rocks that you don't see until you trip on them. My foot went completely into a hole in one  cut my heel, my husband tripped over another. The casino is clean but didn't spend much time there.The Blvgari soap  shampoo are awesome. Check out is a breeze, on the TV in the room, so easy.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>greeper
<Content>Good for business travel; worthless as a resort For a business traveler, this hotel has some things to offer, namely: nice beds and bathrooms, proximity to the airport, decent in-house restaurants, an air of quasi-luxury, and a passable bar/lounge. With that in mind, memo to hotel execs: two things any business hotel absolutely must have are (1) easy access to Starbucks --FAIL-- and (2) wireless internet in every room --FAIL. These are not hard to accomplish, and something pretty much every Hampton Inn has managed by now. So even as a business hotel, it misses the mark.As a resort, I would love to have been in on the meeting which informed the planning and decisions behind this property. It's as though they decided to have a resort and left all the planning to someone who had never been on vacation. First --why on earth would you situate a resort on the most inhospitably windy point on the entire island. The wind is insufferable, strong, constant, and nagging. It blows the dirt-like sand everywhere, and every chaise is coated to the point where they don't appear blue, but brown. You can't hear the person next to you, it's so loud. I'm surprised more reviews don't mention this. It is very, very inhospitable, the windiness (the staff told me the wind was typical). Another point about location -- remote from everything. $50 bucks round trip to Old San Juan.If you are going to have a windy beach and pool area, for god's sake, heat the pool. I'm here on a weekend that is jam-packed, and have seen 9-10 people use the frigid pool the entire time. It is FREEZING, and when you get out, the wind is chilling. It doesn't help that the pool is beneath a forest of palm trees that effectively blocks the sun almost entirely. The hot tub has the usual resort problems. It's not hot. It's filled with infants and screaming children. Why bother, really?The gym has a lot of decent equipment packed into a regular-sized hotel room. It's unacceptable and pathetic. If they moved the same exact equipment into a space three times the size, it would be decent and even good. They should do away with the yoga studio (and I do yoga every day, so I'm not putting yoga down), and expand the gym facility or just do away with it altogether. It's almost dangerous how packed it is. Again, it appears to have been planned by someone who does not use gyms. Nice idea, bad execution.On the upside -- great staff, good concierge, great in-house restaurants, picturesque. Rooms are nice, though the standard room has a fairly small window and it gets a little dark. The showerhead sucks but decent water pressure. Tips -- the El San Juan Hotel down the road has 2 Starbucks and a very good restaurant called Coco that was pretty empty. The hamachi appetizer is good, crab balls were good, drinks were amazing. The little gelato store 2 buildings down has cheap, decent lunch and great gelato. Walgreens next to that for snacks, cokes, and lotion. Dont bother with Ritz poolside food and drinks. Lame on all accounts. BLT Steak and Il Mulino both fine. in sum, the very, very low end of the Ritz brand. Not a good location for laid back sun, and poorly planned/designed. Go somewhere else for fun.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	5	5	5	3	

<Author>HoratiusCocles
<Content>There Are Worse Ways to Spend a Tropical Vacation . . . I have lurked on this site for a couple of years, gleaning valuable insight for my own travels. But until now, I never joined or wrote a review of my own. I figured it's time I started carrying my share of the load, so here's my first TripAdvisor review.I traveled to San Juan with my wife in mid-November to attend a five-day business conference; the trip was booked as a package through my statewide professional association. This was my first trip to Puerto Rico, but I had stayed at two Ritz Carlton properties elsewhere, so I looked forward to the experience. The hotel did not disappoint me.Public areasAs you'd expect from a Ritz property, the building and grounds are grand and immaculately kept. The lobby and adjacent bar are relatively quiet places, unlike bustling hotel lobbies or bars I've seen in many other areas. (In contrast, we went to the nearby El San Juan Hotel for dinner one night, and found a lobby and bar area that were far more vibrant in comparison.) If you're looking for a great deal of nighttime action, the Ritz isn't the place. The exception is the casino, where I visited but did not gamble; that area was bright, energetic, and a real sensory overload.The pool area is one of the better reasons to stay at the Ritz; it's gorgeous and well-attended by very helpful hotel staff. There is a hot tub that was out of service for the last three days of our stay. The pool area is set amid mature palm trees; especially at night, you will get the overwhelming urge to get out your camera and snap every angle you can. Towels are supplied at the pool and on the beach, so you don't have to bring one from your room.RoomGiven the situs of the hotel, the issue of which room you get matters, a great deal. The Ritz is a couple hundred yards or so away from the airport, and the least expensive rooms face that direction. I elected to upgrade our room to one facing the beach, and I did not regret paying the extra money. Our traveling companions stuck with the default room facing the airport, and while there is some soundproofing, you could hear the jets, especially on takeoff. If you expect to spend very little time in your room, then the least expensive rooms should be fine; if you prefer to lounge in your room over coffee or an evening cocktail, and you aren't traveling on a tight budget, I recommend springing for one of the oceanfront rooms with a balcony, as we did.The bathroom in our room was very generous -- I joked with my wife that I've stayed in hotel rooms that were smaller than the bath suite that included a bathtub, separate shower stall, a large sink area, and a separate door for the toilet area. The Ritz supplies you with Bvlgari toiletries, a couple of bathrobes, and plenty of towels. There are also some minor amenities, such as a sewing kit, and my wife was very grateful for the lighted magnifying mirror.The room includes the customary amenties, such as a minibar, coffee maker, and Ethernet cable. Internet connectivity was available through this cable or by wireless router. Our package included a daily resort fee, which included the charge for the Internet connection. The only thing I could have wished for was a foam pillow instead of the feather pillows that were in the room. But that's a small quibble.RestaurantsThere are three restaurants onsite: An Italian restaurant is immediately adjacent to the busy casino, and we decided against dining in what looked to us to be an overly loud environment. There's also a steak place that we didn't try. We had one dinner and five breakfasts in the seafood restaurant, Mares. I found the food there to be very good but breathtakingly priced. We arrived on Friday, and on that night only, the restaurant features an all-you-can-eat seafood buffet. That was very good, especially the preparation of something we rarely get here in Virginia: Conch. But the $65 per person price tag (not including drinks or gratuity) was, well, . . . Ritzy.The breakfasts were part of our package, which is just as well; the buffet, while very good, was priced at $26 per person. To be fair, that includes a great deal of fresh fruit, fresh-cooked omelets, Applewood-smoked bacon, a delicious pancake that looks more like a torte, smoked salmon, and much, much more. I was able to try something different every morning I was there, and enjoyed the experience; I'm just not sure I would have been able to stomach plunking down sixty dollars every morning for breakfast for two.We ventured out of the hotel for dinner the other four nights, and while I'll write separately about those restaurants, one in particular deserves mention here, because it's right across the street: Metropol. The concierge at the Ritz tried to dissuade me from going there, in favor of another nearby restaurant called Plato's. The rest of my party talked me out of switching, and I'm glad they did; Metropol was terrific, and very reasonably priced. It served the best ceviche I've ever had (and I've had quite a lot), and four of us dined for $140, including drinks. That's about the price that my wife and I alone paid, exclusive of drinks, the night before at Mares.StaffI could not find something bad to say about the staff if I tried. Everyone at the Ritz, from the front desk to the bell captain to the waiters and waitresses to the pool attendants to the concierge, exhibited the kind of professionalism you would expect at a luxury hotel. We had one problem with housekeeping, when our room had not been made up as of 5:00 pm on our second day there. But a call to the front desk resolved that.SummaryI was very pleased with this stay, and would cheerfully return to this hotel. The one factor on which I can't advise you fully is the location of your room. The beachfront rooms are clearly preferable to those facing the airport, but your willingness to make that choice will depend on your price tolerance. We found the extra expenditure to be well worth it, especially every morning as we looked out from our balcony to see the Atlantic Ocean beautifully framed through palm trees, just a hundred yards or so away.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>marybrenta
<Content>Travel Professional Gives the Ritz San Juan a Thumbs Down I work in the travel industry and have high standards for a hotel stay. I booked the Ritz in San Juan at a travel industry rate for a stay pre-cruise.When we arrived at the hotel I asked if we could pay to upgrade to the concierge level as this room type wasn't available when I originally booked the room. The front desk agent proceeds to pull out a laminated card and try and upsell us to various rooms. It seemed a little tacky to me and she never really addressed what I had asked for which was the concierge level. After the upsell speach, she ends up giving us an ocean view balcony room for free. Why waste my time if you are going to upgrade me anyway? When we get to the room, there is no promised pull-out couch for my son. So I trek back down to the desk and go back to the same lady and she acts like I am lying about there not being any pull-out bed. She has to call someone in the front office and confirm that I am lying (I understand some Spanish). Ends up that I am not lying about the bed and she moves us to a regular room. So much for the free upgrade!After finally getting a room, we headed to get some dinner. We decide to head to the pool bar and arrive a little after 6pm. We ask the server for a menu and she tells they closed at 6pm. The only other restaurants available were not kid-friendly so we are forced to go to our room for dinner. What a shame that over the Thanksgiving holiday week at a hotel full of kids that they could not open the pool bar area longer!We get to the room and I am trying to entertain my son while we wait for dinner to come to the room. (Instead of us being able to swim and wait for dinner...) Of course, the TV remote doesn't work. It took over an HOUR for the replacement remote to arrive! That is poor customer service!After a long day of travel we were ready for a good night's sleep. Good luck with that at the Ritz in San Juan. We were in room 742. Something in the AC made a loud bang every once in awhile. The bed was less than stellar. It had a hump in the middle and something made your feet go upwards at the end of the bed. Horrible!With this said, the Ritz in San Juan has lovely public spaces. The pool is beautiful and my son thought the spitting lions were great fun. I tried out the fitness center and it was nice.We have yet to find a hotel in San Juan that we really like but we'll keep looking.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>RedSabre
<Content>My "Go To" Hotel in San Juan The Ritz Carlton is my go-to hotel whenever I find myself in San Juan in transit to another destination further down in the Caribbean. (With airline routes being cut, this is happening increasingly).In addition to the location convenient to the airport, and within walking distance of many restaurants, it's simply a great hotel. The common areas are elegant and luxurious, the service is up to par with RC standards, and the rooms are comfortable, fresh, clean. RC beds are simply luscious, and I can always count on a wonderful night's sleep. Despite the proximity to the airport, there is never any airport noise that you can hear in the rooms.The pool area is not huge, but between that and the beach, there never seems to be the unpleasant jockeying for beach loungers that one sees at other hotels (including the RC in Grand Cayman). Isla Verde's beach is nice enough, and certainly fine for a single night's stay.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sraema
<Content>Casually Elegant, Super-Clean, But Expensive       Kayaking the surf  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>EdinATL
<Content>Great long weekend! Stayed here for 4 nights for a long weekend getaway in mid-September. The stay exceeded my expectations.Check-in was fast and efficient. We were early, but they had another room that was ready so we could go right to our rooms. Lobby was typically Ritz furnished, the 2 story central area with a view out on the pool and garden was very nice.Our room (7th floor, Oceanfront Balcony room) was very nice. Typical Ritz room, very comfortable bed, enormous bathroom. The only downside was a lack of comfortable places to sit. One upholstered chair with ottoman and a desk chair, neither was super comfortable. I spent more time sitting on the balcony however. Complimentary bottled water in the rooms both for drinking and for making coffee. Room was serviced twice a day as expected, room was very clean, no odors or anything. Complimentary high-speed internet (wired) in the rooms, wireless was available in the lobby.I must admit I was concerned by reports of the construction noise. It did not start until 10 AM on the weekdays, and there was none on weekends. It was occasionally a tad loud lying by the pool but it was not bad and did not detract from the stay in any manner. I never heard any noise in the room from construction.Pool and beach service was excellent. Staff remembered our names, brought extra towels and such without prompting and offered to bring water, coffee, floats, etc. There were cabanas available for rental but other than having better lounge chairs they didn鈥檛 seem worth money (the lounge chairs by the pool were completely adequate). Being September, there was never any problem having our pick of locations around the pool; if anything there are too many chairs. Probably not on a busy weekend in the winter.Restaurants:We had breakfast in Mares every day but one. It was excellent, ample, and the service was outstanding. On our first day my partner ordered a glass of milk with his breakfast. On our last morning, the waitress who had waited on us that day (who had not been working the days between and was not out server this day) saw us and came to greet us and offered him milk. The food was all very good, the Guava Pancakes were outstanding. The cost, although high, was not unreasonable for the quality and variety. Champagne was even included.We had lunch at Mares one day and it was also very good.Lunch by the pool was fine, if uninspired.We dined in the hotel only one night, at BLT Steak. It was mostly empty. The food was exceptional. There were some local twists to some of the items, such as the sauce for the wagyu skirt steak I had. The only item that was not great was the Parmesan gnocchi side dish that had way too much nutmeg grated on it.Casino:I鈥檓 not much of a gambler when vacationing, but I did venture into the casino one night. The casino was nice, large and clean. If I wanted to spend any time gambling I would prefer the casino at the El San Juan, solely because of the ambience.Overall:I would not hesitate to recommend the Ritz-Carlton San Juan to friends. We had a great time. I prefer the Ritz to the El San Juan, the only other San Juan hotel I have stayed at. And, the ease in flying to San Juan from the US makes it an easy escape.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>wheretonext77
<Content>Fantastic Stay at the Ritz!       water, coffee, tea  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DanaZ
<Content>Substandard, overpriced My wife and I stayed here for several nights. Our room on the fifth floor was small with nothing in particular to suggest any luxury except a full length mirror partially concealed by one of the beds. The room had a bad smell which on the last day we finally determined was coming from the mattresses. The room was equipped with fairly standard appliances, coffee maker, iron, and hair dryer. The TV was a modest flat screen TV. The bathroom had one sink. The toilet was in a separate small room with a wall phone next to it for some reason. There was a minibar which was wildly overpriced. A can of coke cost $3.50.There is a large pool in back with extensive landscaping. Beyond the pool, a door takes you to the beach. The beach seemed clean but otherwise nothing special. The restaurants in the hotel seemed very expensive. We had planned to try the casual one but found it inexplicably closed. There are other restaurants within walking distance of varying quality and cost. The ones in hotels are invariably overpriced. Probably the best bet bet is the Metropol restaurant across the street. There is little to see or do at this location. There is a cockfighting arena across the street and that is about it. A taxi to Old San Juan costs about $42 roundtrip without tips but offers considerably more nightlife than Isla Verde. We went into the rather dreary casino at the Ritz but only to use the ATM.Excursions from the hotel are handled by Castillo Tours which has a small office there. We tried the catamaran snorkel trip. Perhaps because there were only 5 people booked, we were driven to Fajardo, the hopping off point for the trip, and unceremoniously dumped on the boat of a totally different tour operator who operated on the cheap. For example, while we were told that we would receive brand new snorkels we could keep, the snorkels used were old and well worn, held onto the masks by rubber bands and when one woman asked if she could keep hers, she was told a firm 'no'. We were offered no explanation or apology from Castillo Tours. It is rare to encounter this kind of dishonesty but despite the convenience of having the tour operater in the hotel, I would strongly suggest booking elsewhere.The hotel seems to be significantly overpriced. Our room had problems which would have been a concern at any price. Beyond the public areas of the hotel there is little to do in the area. The bars and restaurants in the hotel are wildly overpriced with a mojito for example costing $14. A big improvement would be to offer some form of shuttle service between the airport and the hotel and between the hotel and Old San Juan. But first the hotel must throw out those horrible smelly mattresses.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	2	1	2	3	3	

<Author>KKenia
<Content>Excellent Hotel in San Juan Ritz Carlton in San Juan is a great place to stay. Very clean and conveniently located, friendly staff, excellent service with a smile, excellent spa, good entertaintment at night in the lobby bar. We ate there almost every night. We got a great massage the spa. The food at Ritz is good and made in the kitchen that is very clean. So you know that you will not get sick during your stay. It is not that expensive when you compare with the restaurants in the neighborhood and old San Juan. At least you know you will not get sick. We are vegetarians and they accomodated our request without any problem. The service on the beach is great. One of the waiters Jose Gil, he went out of his way to take care of us while we ate. All in all a great place to stay and relax while you are in San Juan. I will not stay at any other place. I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jeffreycowart
<Content>Nice Place, But horrible Service The grounds and the room were in very good condition. A freindly staff greeted us upon arrival, and checkin went very smooth.Our only real complaint was the overall service. We really expected to get great service and be pampered. That is not what we got. Absolute minimum time to get anything is 30 minutes. When we got there, we went out by the pool and ordered 2 bottled local beers. They are $8 each, and it took 30 minutes to get them. We were 25 feet from the bar, so needless to say the next round we went directly to the bar. Then we tried to order a sandwich from the bar, 45 minutes later our cold sandwich arrived.The next morning at breakfast the trend condinued. I went and ate down the street where the prices were reasonable, but my mother opted to eat a $25 fruit plate. It took 45 minutes, and we had to ask twice where it was, just for a fruit plate.The beach in front of the hotel is in good condition, and they provide chairs, umbrellas, and towels for you to use free of charge. The pool area is also very nice, again towels and lounge chairs are available.The hotel is very close to the airport, so be prepared to listen to them all day long take off. Didnt seem to be an issue at night, luckily we could not hear them in our rooms.Room was in good condition, marble bathroom, and a very comfortable bed.We ate most of our meals off site, because of price and poor service.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	5	1	3	

<Author>blackie162
<Content>Fast get away weekend excellent!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! San Juan Ritz has the best customer service I have seen anywhere.My husband and I and another couple spent a long weekend here and we were so impressed with the people ,food ,beach and pool we are going back next Oct. We had an early flight out of JFK and we were on the beach by 10:00 am. We did not have to deal with waiting to go through customs. The cab ride is 7 minutes from the airport. The airport is near the hotel but we never heard much noise from it.BeachWarm beautiful water and a nice beach!! The water is not crystal clear and blue but great!! FoodWe stayed on club level and Brendan, Rey and the whole staff on that floor were excellent. They tried their best to please you!! The food is very healthy and gourmet style!!!!! The Blt restaurant was ok Metropole across the street was delicious. I highly recommend you go there. The prices are much cheaper then the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ERM10
<Content>Typical Ritz I have stayed here a few times now on business and there is certainly a lot to like about the Ritz San Juan. The service is typical Ritz: everyone is very friendly and mostly eager to help you.Maybe it's just a personal preference type of situation but in comparison to other places I have stayed in the Caribean and Mexico, I would not book this place for a personal or family vacation. Like almost all Ritz Carltons, it is more geared to the business traveler, and all of my visits have been on the company dime.The rooms are typical Ritz, so they are nice. Big beds, big LCD TV, big bathroom (standard tubs though). Most rooms do not have balconeys though so that's a bit of a letdown. I'm sure this is becasue the hotel is right accross from the airport runway and instead of balcony that would let in noise, they have the thickest glass windows you can imagine. It does work as you cannot hear the planes when in the hotel. The grounds are very nice, with flowers, plants, lots of palm trees etc. The pool is nice but they jam pack the chairs in like sardines so it is difficult to walk around from one side of the pool to another. It's more of a formal pool and doesn't have fun suff like a swim up bar, or side river pools. This seems to be the case with all Ritz's, even in tropical vacation destinations. To me that is just plain boring as I like really creative and large pools (see the El San Juan right down the street). The beach is ok. Nice, moderate waves to body surf but the water is not very clear or blue. My biggest complaint would be with the restaurants and the overal cost of food and drinks. I know it's the Ritz and many people staying here do not worry about what they spend but c'mon, $16 for a Pina Colada with hardly any rum is just an insult. The two main restaurants are so overpriced it's not funny. The BLT steakhouse would be fine if the steak cost $20, but it costs $48 for a NY sirloin or Filet. At those prices I expect Mortons quality or better but what you get is a very average steak (a la carte I might add). The Italian restaurant is cheaper but the food...not so good. Your best value is the $22 Burger (imagine that) from the pool bar or room service. At least it fills you up for a reasonable amount. There are some dive restaurants that you can walk to but nothing very exciting.I would have given this a 3.5 stars if TA allowed half stars.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>boricuajetsetter
<Content>Great Experience First of all, the Staff is very nice. I arrived there quite early and my room was not ready. The receptionist directed me to the spa where I was able to change and hang out at the pool until my room was done. All receptionists on duty were very polite and the dulce tipicos on the counter are a nice detail.The room was very comfortable and although it did not have the ocean view, it was still very nice. The beach area was very clean and it was a pleasure to run through it in the morning. I would suggest to travelers to go to Pinones, not to far from the hotel for good traditional puertorican food.The pool is fabulous and the hammocks on the beach are also a nice detail.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carlitosmvp
<Content>Best hotel in Puerto Rico Excellent service, nice lobby and a great casino. I spend 3 days while Hurricane Omar, and the staff help me with information every other hour. Close to the airport and many local attractions. I would recommend go to the supermarket next street because snacks in the rooms are kind of expensive.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>babygirl722
<Content>Loved the Ritz! Our stay was just what we expected from the Ritz....First class service at a beautiful resort. The staff here are some of the friendliest and hardest working people I have ever met. They really understand service and go above and beyond to please their guest.The rooms were just OK - we were on the Club Level and felt that the room was a bit small. Bathroom was very nice and overall the room was well maintained but a bit older and nothing special. We had a beach view which was really nice.The Club Level was really worth it for a family of 4 and the staff in the lounge was fantastic! They were constantly offering the kids hot chocolate with whipped cream and always making sure that my husband and I had all that we needed. They really made us feel at home and spoiled us as well.Beach and pool were gorgeous. Casino was just so-so. I like a little more action and felt that the place was not as liveley as the casino at the El San Juan, which is a short walk away.We had dinner at both Il Mulino and BLT Steak. I thought Il Mulino was just OK but BLT Steak was fabulous.Anyway, we went to the Ritz to relax and that is just what we did. We hope to be back again soon!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Armando_73
<Content>Nice stay The hotel is near the airport and standard is as high as you can expect from Ritz Carlon.I was surprised with their Restaurant BLT. Dinning experience was great (the best we had in Puerto Rico) and service was as good as friendly. Very nice atmosphere to feel confortable and enjoy the menu. Wine selection was excelent and on Friday was 50% off (very rare offer).In general the stay was a nice and relaxing experience.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Keoki73
<Content>Perfect If you fly first class then you expect first class and the Ritz lives up to all expectations. The staff is warm and friendly--the food, ambiance, decor, amenities--perfect. My wife and I have been to Hawaii for 33 years and will go back next year but we chose to spend our 35th anniversary at this property and it did not let us down--we WILL be back!!!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelingcheap
<Content>Loved the Ritz-Carlton Quick Points - Non-Smoking Casino, Great Pool, Nice Beach, Well Appointed.The only downside is the beach area at night - was told by security that it was very, very dangerous. Just prior to this, the front desk told us that there were no problems. The Ritz-Carlton can't really control the beach and night and since the resort is fully enclosed and the beach access is locked at night....so no worries. Not much in the area, but a nice place to stay. Don't book your tours through the Ritz - way overpriced.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>captain77
<Content>Best Hotel in San Juan       Swimming Pool at the Ritz  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zebaet
<Content>Excellent Service I stayed at the Ritz Carlton for a weekend visit. The property was lovely and the service was excellent. I selected this hotel after reading the reviews on Trip advisor. The reviews were 100%correct:Service: StellarRoom Quality: Not what I expected. There was an odor in the room and the windows were very dirty. *If I asked to be moved to another room, they probably would have accomodated me.Spa: Very niceRestaurant food Quality: Excellent The Beach was much better than I expected. It seemed like you were on a private beach that was owned by the hotel. Hotel Employees set up umbrella's, tables and chairs on the beach for Hotel Guests and the water was very calm and warm. If I return to Puerto Rico I would stay at the Ritz Carlton again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>MarianneWC
<Content>Loved this hotel! Outstanding service! Just got back from a one week stay at this wonderful hotel---two adults and two children, 10 and 16. We booked this trip last minute online, sight unseen. We were thrilled by one of the prettiest hotels on the island with its own white sand beach, well-maintained grounds and a friendly, service -oriented staff team! We were nervous about August weather --- it was warm and lovely. Some clouds at some point each day, but overall typical tropical weather despite the foreboding online weather forecasts predicting rain everyday... did not materialize.We were nervous about this hotel being 5 minutes from the airport---not an issue at all. Never enters your mind once at the hotel. Never heard a plane in the hotel. We could see some take-offs to the right when on the beach. Actually it was convenient for arrival and departure to be so close.We were nervous because there is some renovation at the hotel right now---again, a non-issue. It is secluded and shrouded, presenting no interference whatsoever. The staff of this hotel are outstanding! They are warm and accommodating. The concierge desk (especially Jessica) went out of their way to help us plan excursions (East Wind snorkeling to Icacos, night-time bio-bay kayaking, rainforest tour) as well as dinners in old San Juan (do not miss Baru!). It was like having a best friend on site to take care of you! Also compliments to the Ritz-Kids staff where my 10 year old spent some time (better for her than the rainforest outing)---she loved it!It is very expensive on site, so be prepared. We found a Starbucks down the street at the El San Juan Hotel and brought it back---better than $20/head for breakfast buffet! One dinner at BLT STeak is worth it, followed by a short walk down the street to PIu Bello for an amazing array of tropical ice creams and more!Don't miss this hotel! ~~ Satisfied San Francisco travelers  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IslandBrideIn08
<Content>Great for Kids. Service is less than typical for Ritz. The beach and pool are beautiful. Ritz Kids is great with excellent supervision and entertainment for the kids. The beach activities are no longer covered under contract with the hotel but you can rent them on your own. I got a lot of , I don't know and That's not my job when asking about this. Sailing was spectacular. We could see the bottom. Beware of the sea life just outside the swim line. The river leads into the bay and the sharks feed on the fish swimming in. The great part about this is that you can witness the sea life from the rented sailboats. Spectacular!We requested a meeting with the wedding planner but never heard anything from them. We requested 2 beds as we were a family of 3 but were told a king was the only thing available. The only reason why we were moved the second day is because we packed our bags and waited in view of other guests.The cleaning staff did a thorough job but paid no attention to the Do Not Disturb sign on our door while napping.The restaurants in the hotel are spectacular! Expect to spend about $100 per person if you order an apetizer and bottle of wine with your meal. It was well worth it. The service was much better than that of the hotel. Denny's, about a 2 minute walk around the corner, is a quick and easy alternative for breakfast. Lunch is great by the pool but there are fabulous local places which back up to the beach and are reasonable in price.I read about the airport noise before we traveled but I didn't think it was bad at all. We noticed the sound and up close view of only a couple of planes a day which were pointed in a certain direction for take off. Nothing to worry about at all!The beach is well maintained and the towel and chair staff is great!We paid a discounted rate through a website and it was worth every penny. If we would have paid full Ritz price, I would not be satisfied with the service but it was a great alternative to a Marriott or Hilton for the same price.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>JordanSkye
<Content>Loved the Ritz Carlton Absolutely fabulous. Just got back from a week at the wonderful Ritz Carlton San Juan. The location is ideal (close to airport) and the entire staff was very attentive, professional and genuinely friendly. The staff went out of their way to make sure my stay was perfect. A great place to relax and enjoy the hospitality of San Juan.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Saroo72000
<Content>Not a Ritz experience We really expected a Ritz experience and it was closer to a Holiday Inn experience (no offense to Holiday Inn). We were given a room next to the air-conditioning unit which was pretty loud at night. The room was very small and nothing special. The pool bar - argh! - We waited and waited for a waiter to show up for at least 20 minutes. Than another 20 minutes for the drinks to be served. When he finally arrived, we already made a decision to leave. He chased us along the pool creating a scene and then ostentatiously put the drinks on the ground and left. We were astounded...and entertained by this peculiar behavior. The checkout was a nightmare. It took 45 minutes! We needed to catch a plane but couldn't leave without an itemized bill.We loved old town and the people there but the staff at the Ritz was unimpressive.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>migsal
<Content>great time My vacation was for a family ruenionas will walk in the employee were great help Neisha (front desk) Isaias (seguridad) Daniel (recreation) WendY (concierge) My 10 yrs old duaghter had a great time she when to the pool to the last day.Old son was out the time we were there everthing was so close he was at the clubs. Casino, drinks and food were great. yes i would go a there again thanks for a great time Sally Hernandez NJ  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jcn2045
<Content>Good experience, wonderful people (mostly) Overall a nice hotel and stay. We have stayed in Ritz-Carlton properties before and had a similar experience -- the staff is very helpful and polite at a level above other hotels (the only comparison has been the Four Seasons). The room, pool, and grounds were nice. As others mention, there is no airport noise at all. Help for beach chairs/umbrellas was wonderful -- it was a surprise to see 3-4 people whose primary purpose was to hand out towels and place equipment on the beach for guests.Some minor issues -- we arrived in the afternoon and had to wait three hours for our room, which had never happened before at any hotel of the level of the Ritz-Carlton (but they at least took my cell # and called me when a room became available). Second, my wife was using her Mac Air on business, and the in-room internet connection was not able to be used. No adaptors were available and the hotel staff seemed lost when asked for help. At most hotels I would not be bothered, but with the standards of the Ritz-Carlton (and previous experiences at other properties) I was a little (just a little) surprised at the total lack of help.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	2	5	2	

<Author>misscotrona
<Content>Destination disaster       view from pool  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	4	2	1	2	3	

<Author>Genevieve616
<Content>Good, but not great... We stay at Ritz Carltons every time we travel. I agree with other reviewers that this particular property is not on par with other Ritz Hotels, despite the $700 p/night (very small and umimpressively appointed) room. The staff was accomodating enough, but not nearly as consistently cutomer-service oriented as the staff at a typical Ritz (and we're pretty low-maintenacce guests!). Although our stay was enjoyable, we will consider trying another hotel on our next visit to San Juan.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	2	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>shouse333
<Content>Great Service       pool from the club level lounge  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Bizandfuntravel
<Content>Nice 5-day stay at the Ritz My husband and I enjoyed a 5-day stay at the Ritz over the 4th of July weekend. We have stayed at other Ritz properties before, but this was our first time to Puerto Rico. We booked a standard room via the hotel's website and were upgraded to an ocean view room without asking. The rooms and grounds were not quite as nice as other Ritz properties, but were still very nice. Although the hotel is near the airport, we heard absolutely no noise in our room. All staff we encountered (especially the concierges) were extremely nice and accommodating. The pool is beautiful and the grounds are well-manicured. All pool chairs were already taken by the weekend afternoons, but there were plenty available in the mornings and on the weekdays. The beach is public. The sand is not the clean, powdery white sand you see in other parts of the Caribbean. The ocean, however, is much prettier and blue-er than I expected. The Ritz beach service was very nice, as staff quickly set up chairs and a little table for us.As expected, food and drink is expensive. Frozen drinks are $15, Continental breakfast of juice, coffee, and pastries is $17, and the restaurants are overpriced (we ate at Il Mulino). However, it was what you'd expect at a resort.The fitness center was clean and well-equipped. I enjoyed a pilates class. Also included in the resort fee, are free bottled water, all the towels you want for the beach and for off property excursions, internet, and beach toys (floats, kayaks, etc).We left the property to enjoy many activities. We had a great time hiking at El Yunque National Forest, took a beach/snorkeling trip with East Wind Catamaran Company, and toured Old San Juan (it is a $25 cab ride each way). You can walk to other hotels and restaurants in the Isla Verde area from the Ritz. The El San Juan Hotel has a great evening atmosphere with live music and bar in the lobby, good restaurants, lively casino, and a hip pool area. There is very casual, but authentic Puerto Rican and Cuban dining at Metropol across the street from the Ritz. There are a few other very casual dining options, but the nice restaurants are all located in the hotels along Isla Verde (the El San Juan, the Intercontinental, and the Water Beach Club). These hotel restaurants are steak and Italian. Nice seafood restaurants are located in Condado, which is a $15 cab ride from the Ritz. There is also a bike shop Hot Dog Cycling down the street if you want to join a group ride. ***Please note that there is currently construction at this property, as they are building balconies on the rooms around the pool. They did not work on the weekends, but they resumed construction on Monday and Tuesday. Hammering, banging, and drilling into concrete was audible and visible in the pool area. The construction is disclosed on the property's website and did not affect our enjoyment.***  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>bb-starr
<Content>My Last Trip Our stay at the Ritz Carlton was nice. The rooms were nice and comfortable and the staff was pleasant. Staying at a 5-star resort we expected that it would be expensive especially for mini-bar items ($5 for a Diet Coke, etc.) and the restaurant food ($20++ for continental breakfast). But the one think that we got upset about was the extra charges for bellman ($16) and maid($2/day) gratuities. We have no problem with these charges per se but the reception did not tell us upon checkin of these fees and as a result we paid double (i.e. we also gave them cash unknowingly). This is similar to the airlines now charging for checked bags and snacks. But you feel that a posh resort like this would not have to nickel and dime their guests... some paying $400 or more per day. BTW: there are Wallgreens and Dennys about 300 yards from the hotel. You can get a 12 pack of Diet Coke for $3.99. Also there is another breakfast place called Piu Bello a few yards further where you can get a full breakfast for $7.At least there are reasonable alternatives within easy walking distance from the hotel. But we were not impressed with Puerto Rico in general and probably will not return.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>kpoxa18
<Content>Great hotel, but not for families with small babies. We stayed at Ritz from Jul 01 to Jul 07 of 2008. The purpose of our trip was a destination wedding of a family member. There were 8 kids in our party, one of them belonging to us. Here's a quick summary and some suggestions:1) We stayed at the club level and that saved us LOTS of money. The food at the hotel restaurants is extremely expensive. So are the drinks. A mojito at the lobby bar will cost you $16.00. Food and drinks are free at the club lounge and you can take drinks with you in a plastic cup...so lots of money was saved just by reserving the club level room.2) The food at the lounge was not amazing although they did offer lobster and lamb chops, as well as giant shrimp. The deserts were out of this world. 3) My two-year-old daughter still takes her milk before bed and in the morning. There was absolutely no problem getting her warm and cold milk. Since they do not offer a great kid friendly menue, my daughter had milk more often than at home. Having access to free milk 24/7 came in handy:)4)There are not too many activities for small children at the hotel. Other than the pool, there is nothing to do with a baby. Since there is no baby pool available, take floaties and other inflatable toys. Towels are always available and we've had no problem finding chairs at the pool (no matter time of day) and at the beach. The cabanas at the beach cost $50.00/day. However, if you ask one of the beach-employees, you can get a free cabana for your child if you indicate that it's not for you and tip him a few bucks. They will put your stroller in the cabana instead of the beach chairs and you'll have more privacy than under umbrella (which are available upon request).5) Do NOT go on the rain forest tour-for $55.00 you will spend four hours on a bus that will make 3 or 4 20-minute stops. Not worth the time or money. 6) Since the hotel is under construction (they are adding new balconies), make sure to ask for a room away from the noise or else you'll hear very annoying sounds from 9am to 5pm monday through thursday.7) Babysitting services are available for $18.00/hour for the first child, $3.00 additional for each extra child. If you decide to go with the service, ask for Mariza. She was amazing at taking care and putting to bed two little kids. My daughter had the hardest time adjusting to the hotel and new environment, bed time was a nightmaire.8) Cribs are available upon request. I would suggest getting a crib once you're in your room. This way, the cribs are free instead of paying $30.00/night.9)The junior suits and the standard rooms are not that different (except for the price). While the junior suit is much larger than the standard room, it still has the same design in mind. Thus, if you have a child, there is nothing to do after the baby is sleeping but read in your bed. Some parents were able to watch TVs in the room at bed time, but because each room has a big flat screen, the light from the tv made it seem like it was daytime and some babies kept waking up. 10) Our main complaints were: no kid-friendly meals, construction noise level, and limited amount of activities for babies/small children. The rooms are nothing special. If anything, storage space is lacking. 11) You cannot hear airplanes from the room, no matter how much you try. The only time we heard noise from the airports was when we were outside at night. That basically sums up our vacation. This is not the best hotel in the area and is definately not the worst. I would probably NOT return there with my daughter, but would definately return with my husband for a romantic get-away. **Also, several airport tips:1)non-us citizens--only driver's license is necessary. So no need for green cards, visas, passports. 2)parents--we were able to take along milk and water in baby-bottles. Absolutely no problem to bring along snacks for the plane ride.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dcmehany
<Content>decent hotel, but far away from everything My husband and I stayed at the ritz recently for a work retreat. I think that may have affected a few things that happened while we were there. this review may sound like I am complaining, but I just want everyone to know what to expect. It is a standard ritz property. It is nice, but nothing spectacular. So, if you stay (and I am sure you will enjoy your stay if you choose this hotel), just know what to expect.I arrived very late due to a four hour plane delay, and was given a room on the first floor. I asked for a different room, but was told that every single room was booked. I persisted a bit more, noting that I am a preferred member and stay at the atlanta property several times a year on business. no dice. I would normally be unable to complain too much about this - I mean, I booked a standard room and received a standard room, right? well, that is true except the person behind me then checked in and received a standard room on the 10th floor! umm? When I said something, the receptionist informed me that the person behind me paid a higher rate for his standard room. So I am being punished because my work negotiated a special rate for the 150+ rooms it booked for the entire weekend? not good.Regardless, the room was nice. It was a standard Ritz room. Very nice king bed, nice large flat screen television, nice bathroom. Nothing surprising, it looked like any other ritz. I was a bit surprised - I thought it might have some special resort like touches or amenities? nope. it wasn't even outfitted like a beach hotel - there wasn't even a clothesline to hang wet swimsuits on! we were forced to throw them over the shower curtain (ick).The property is very beautiful. Contrary to other reviews, I always saw beach chairs available by the pool, regardless of the time of day. Additionally, there are chairs available on the beach. My complaint with respect to that is that they only had one beach guy on Saturday (!) and it took twenty minutes to get two beach chairs set up. My husband got frustrated and tried to set them up, but no dice. the chairs are chained together so you can't have self service. The beach was nice and the water was nice and not rocky. We enjoyed it. I wouldn't recommend ordering food and drinks at the beach. we ordered lunch and drinks and they didn't even bring a little side table! we just came back from swimming and our drinks were sitting in the sand!we had room service and beach side service. yes, the food is expensive - this is the ritz. my husband claims the burgers were AWESOME, though and never complained about the price tag. my food was good, too. nothing fabulous, but very good food. the property is far away from anything but a few other beach hotels. it is indeed about 50 USD roundtrip into old san juan. I didn't like this too much. The casino is pretty small. I don't gamble, but plenty in our group did. They all said it was small, but the workers were friendly and they had a good time.there is definitely some miscommunication on the activities among the staff. I called the front desk at 6am to try to book the snorkeling trip I learned some friends were on for that day. I knew it left at 8.30 and wanted to see if there were spots avialable. every time I called, I would be told the activity desk opened a half-hour later. at 6, it opened at 6.30. at 7, it opened at 7.30. at 7.30, it opened at 8! I refused to hang up at 7.30 and demanded that someone help me. finally, fifteen minutes later, I was called by the concierge and informed that I had tickets to snorkeling. he said he had been there since 7am and could have helped me. this kind of miscommuniation is inexcusable at a property like this!Lastly, our plane was due to leave at 4pm the day we checked out. We called to get late check out - even asked to pay for late check out - and were rudely informed that our rate was already super cheap and late checkout wasn't avaialble to us. WHAT? Once again, I complained quite a bit and was able to get late check out (2pm) for an additional 100 USD. With the money my work spent on alcohol alone at this place (!) I think they made enough money off of us to not be so rude.To sum it up, the property is standard ritz - which is of course nice! the beach is very nice. the location is very out of the way - close only to the airport (which wasn't too noisy for us. yes, you could hear planes on the beach, so don't stay here if you want the deserted tropical oasis feel). the staff was generally helpful, but at times uninformed and twice rude! I wouldn't complain if I stayed there again, but I wouldn't run to it either.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	5	2	3	3	

<Author>RazzTazz23
<Content>Superb service, clean rooms, but humidity is a killer We stayed for three nights at the Ritz in San Juan. As far as San Juan resorts and hotels go, this is about the best there is. The hotel is located about 1/2 a mile from the Airport. This makes it very close by if flying in, but also causes some airport noise to be heard in the resort.The grounds of the hotel are superb. The pool area and hot tub are beautiful, well kept and large. The beach of cleaned and the staff makes sure it is well kept as well. There are tons of chairs and umbrellas. No matter what time you go to the pool or beach, there were chairs waiting.Service is superb. Whenever we needed something it was done quickly and professionally.The casino is a decent size for a San Juan casino and the dealers are friendly enough. It had a few tables and was open 24 hours unlike some others.The rooms are standard Ritz rooms. Marble baths, flat screen tvs, etc. This Ritz property, i'd put at the lower end of Ritz hotels. Its nor particularly modern or stylish but is comfortable. The bed was very soft. Our room, facing the airport (City view) had a view of a runway. We did not ever hear airplanes from our room though. The room had high speed internet which was included in the resort fee.As others have noted, food and drink are EXPENSIVE. Mixed drinks are around $14 each, beers $6 and food - $18 for a burger and $22 for a cob salad with chicken. That being said, a Dennys and other restaurants are next door if you want to save a few bucks.Our only complaint was the humidity in the hotel. The hotel hallways had a certain mildew-ish smell and our room was very humid. No matter if we had the AC or not, it was unbelievable humid in our room to a point where all papers and clothing were just a wet mess by the end of our stay. We would have liked to see a de-humidifer or something in the property.Other than that, no complaints at all. The Ritz made for a wonderful mini vacation.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coffeeyogurt
<Content>Great Five Days at the Ritz My husband, 11- year old son and I had a great five day stay at this hotel. The service was fantastic-- at the pool, in the hotel, and in the restaurants. We met friendly people every day, and the atmosphere was very relaxing and convivial. We ventured off the property a few times to eat dinner and lunch in an effort to cut down on what are very costly meals on campus and found a couple of good places within a two block radius. However, the area is very quiet and there are very few options in walking distance. The restaurants at the hotel are quite good, especially Mare's.As it was a school break week, there were tons of kids who found each other and dominated the activities at the pool. The pool is very pretty, but it is not very deep and there is no slide or anything like that. Didn't matter--the kids had a great time going between there and the hot tub (and the beach, with a parent tagging along behind them.)We had a standard room with a pool view, although it felt more like facing an inner courtyard--albeit a pleasant one. The room was clean and well-appointed, but small, and the lack of a balcony --or even a window that we could open --was perhaps the one thing that drove me crazy. I felt hermetically sealed in. I had read complaints about noise from the airport. While the sound is deafening outside the front of the hotel, at the pool, the beach, and in the rooms it is not noticeable at all, which is pretty amazing. We actually liked the proximity to the airport, made the trip very easy.All in all, the Ritz Carlton is a lovely place, and one to which we would return.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Izzyandsue
<Content>Most un-Ritz Ritz hotel This hotel truly is not a Ritz, should change their name to something else as it gives the Ritz a bad name. I would not recommend to anyone looking forward to staying at a Ritz.We first had multiple calls and emails with the hotel about our basic needs, early arrival (they asked for the time), connecting rooms, and late checkout by one hour. On the phone everything was fine, very pleaseant, and waiting for us. We had 2 rooms for a week.But when we got there at 2pm, problem with the rooms, will not be ready for 45 mins. after an hour they finally told us they didn't know when the rooms will be ready. We figured we can hang out there until 4, by 4:30 our rooms where ready and we went up. No appology, no we are sorry, their attitude at the front desk is more Holidayinn Express than Ritz.Room was missing a few things, like garbage can, room service menu, but where resolved by tracking down the service crew.One night (3 am) we lost power in the room, we woke up very hot as the A/C was out, that is when we realize we had no power. However the hallway was fully lit, and the outside of the hotel had full power. A call to the front desk told us nothing, some rooms where out of power and they would work on it. Power came back by 7 or so, we got no sleep that night. NO appologies, no comments, this is not a Ritz. Other things to consider:1. Beach closes at 5:30, no chairs or umbrellas from then until the next day2. The A/C in the rooms, when it worked, was either subzero or tropical heat, no matter what temperature you set it at.3. Poolside restaurant has over 12 employees, good luck getting them to pay attention to you the only customer sitting there as they will be busy socializing with each other4. We had a very undercooked burger at the restaurant, we had to send it back and they charged us for 2 of them, since they had to cook it twice (amazing!!)5. The pool area and beach and fully open to all locals, no restrictions. So do not plan to use the pool or beach on a weekend, it will be like a free community pool/beach. Use those days to travel elsewhere. The good news is my sister and her whole family could just walk in and meet us, have full use of the hotel, the bad news is so could every other local resident.6. The Valet parking IS the only Ritz level of service area of the hotel. The rest is okay for hotel service, but FAR from RitzIn closing, lower your expectations and you will be happy if you stay here.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	4	1	3	1	

<Author>sparringmonkey
<Content>airport 500 ft in front of hotel . On our way to Carnival Cruise, my family decided to stay a couple of days at the Ritz to check out San Juan.. Upon arriving we were very impress with the hotels ground. Its is beautiful..We had the city view room (thinking, we do not need ocean view because we already booked a balcony state room on Carnival.) SURPRISE!!!.....all the rooms at the front of the hotel face the airport. Though the double panes windows kept the noise level to an acceptable level, every now and then, we heard the thunderous roar. of the larger size planes.. We paid $450 per night, ocean view were $150 more.. We had the club level room. for those who don't know, these are a private exclusive rooms for which you need a special key to get to this level on the elevator. inside there is a lounge that serves breakfast , lunch, h'orderves ., desert alcoholic beverages, etc.  This lounge ,though very regal, the food was far from what you would expect from a resort hotel. The breakfast was worse than Best Western we stayed at in Norther California..lunch was nothing to call grandma about. The hotel's three restaurant was way over priced. One night , I had a burger and two drinks at the hotel lounge area, it cost me $50 with tips. in addition . round -trip to Old San Juan cost $50 by taxi.. The only highlights are the pool and beach areas were very nice. The services were impeccable. People working for the hotel were friendly and helpful. I don't recommend this hotel to anyone under 17, It is very stuffy.. should i say the S word SNOBBERY .......well i said it Stay in old town , you'll have loads of fun. save on the cost of transportation..hope this is helpful, until next time fellow traveler.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LoveNY123
<Content>Spring Break at the Ritz it is Okay We stayed 7 days at the Ritz Carlton for Spring Break; we choose a club room after reading some of the reviews about how expensive the food was. When we arrived we were faced by a long line at the front office. We have been staying at Ritz Carlton hotels for years and this the first time I see such a long line at the front desk. I understand it was spring break but I thought the Ritz should have had more people at the desk to make sure the line moves faster. We got to the room and I was very surprised how small the room is and how moderate it is. We paid over $700 a night for that I expected better. The room was very clean and service was good but I did not feel it was a resort hotel it is more like a business hotel. The Beach is ok and the room has no balcony only few with balcony.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	2	4	5	

<Author>2Zshore
<Content>We Made the Right Choice!!! My husband  I just came back last night from a 4 night stay to celebrate my birthday. We were able to check into our room by noon, unpack our bags,and be on the beach by 2:00. There were plenty of chairs  umbrellas at the pool and the beach; the staff was very helpful. The only glitch we had in our entire stay was the service at Mares restaurant for brunch and I took care of that right away. Dinner at Il Molino was fabulous. (black squid pasta with shrimp  scallops.) BLT was good too. Beach Grill hamburger was juicy, cooked perfectly and generous in size. Food is expensive but we knew that. Our room was very clean and housekeeping came twice a day. The casino was a nice little diversion each night along with a nightcap. There were small children at the pool and beach but they were well behaved. No horror stories to share. Jet noise was not a problem. We would recommend this hotel due to the convenience to the airport. We stopped in at the Intercontinental and El San Juan for dinner, drinks, and to check them out. We think the Ritz is tops over them. In fact, we originally had a reservation to stay at the El San Juan and after reading some of reviews about thin walls, music into the wee hours, and dirty bathrooms, we cancelled and rebooked at the Ritz. We are totally convinced we made the right decision.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>crezdak
<Content>kids on a ritz bring your floaties This is the second time i stayed at this property. first time had difficulty keeping the fridge stocked poor mattress and when i talked with management i was made to feel as though i was bothering the manager. second time same experience bad service in room and still poor mattresses. poor service at the front desk, native spanish speaking customers clearly were given preferential treatment over the rest of the guests. as far as the pool is concerned, it is beautiful, but try to get a chair after 8 am. I was at the gym at 6am and there were multiple people staking out the best seats for the day. The hot tub is completely out of control. my girlfiend and i referrred to it as the kid stew. usually one could find between 10 to 12 small unattended children in the tub. water temp being a balmy 98 degrees or so perfect temp for whatever bugs the kids left behind.given the cost of a stay at this hotel, unless you are one of those people who like to waste your money, i would suggest you spend less money at any of the other hotels on the strip for a much better experience  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	2	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>bryantmcvey
<Content>Great Service Nice Hotel       Hotel Pool  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>famiilyoffour
<Content>Ripoff Expensive ripoff. The rooms are okay, but nothing special. The service was friendly -- but the food was horrible and at that inflated price I expect more. At the poolside grill we couldn't finish our stinky fish sandwich. We had grouper and seafood alfredo at their main restraunt. The fish tasted old and covered in salt and the pasta just tasted of bacon. Furthermore, they nickel and dime you at the end with gratuity charges.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	4	4	1	

<Author>BHS2008
<Content>Wonderful Honeymoon My wife and I--I am 29 and she is 26--spent our honeymoon at the Ritz, and were treated kindly and respectfully the entire stay of six days. We selected the Club Level to enjoy the various food presentations, and we were never disappointed by the food or by the concierges--all of whom were polite, knowledgeable and eager to recommend excursions, restaurants and cool lounges/clubs. Reynaldo Malave, the Club Supervisor, is an exceptional talent who assisted us nightly with suggestions and reservations. We spent most of our time between the pool and beach. We found both to be relaxing, though the breeze on the beach seemed gale force at times. The gym was more than adequate for both aerobics and weight lifting; the massages we received at the spa were superb; the on-site restaurants were impressive; the casino provided a nice distraction on one night. As a 29-year-old from Washington, D.C., I say comfortably that I know exceptional service and fine food. You'll receive both at the Ritz. And if you want a 24-hour party atmosphere, walk two blocks to the El San Juan Hotel. Just be sure to make the Ritz your base camp.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LivingFab
<Content>Fab time at the Ritz! My girlfriends and I decided in April we truly needed a fab girls only weekend away to rest, relax, unwind, drink plenty of tasty cocktails and decompress from the hustle and bustle of our busy lives. And unwind we did! This was my second time staying at the Ritz Carlton in San Juan and the second time was EVEN better than the first. Our agenda for the long weekend was beach, pool, cocktails, dinner and repeat it all over again the next day.We were able to check in a few hours prior to the check in time and upgraded to the Pool View Room on the 9th floor of the hotel, which was an awesome view. The rooms were in top Ritz-Carlton fashion and we had no problems with the room the entire weekend. The hotel staff were always accomodating and we had turn down service every evening, bottled water, chocolates, and relaxing music playing in our room upon our return each evening.We spent a considerable amount of time at the pool and beach (10am-7pm) each day :) So, we really got to know the pool and beach operations staff. They all were absolutely great! We had lunch by the pool each day and again, the service was in top Ritz-Carlton fashion.On the third day, I had an ipod disaster and acidentally dropped my ipod in the pool. I was devestated because it would not reprogram or turn back on! But, Pablo Santiago (Beach and Pool Operations) saved the day and GAVE me his ipod! It was such a wonderful and thoughtful gesture.Also, on Sunday morning, we had brunch at Madres in the Hotel and it was fabulous! Fresh fruit, made to order omlettes, Puerto Rican cuisines, and mimosos, just to name a few of the items on the menu. Note: Madres has a daily full breakfast brunch buffet for $26.00/per person and on Sunday it ends promptly at 11:00am. The Full Service Brunch is $70.00/per person which begins at 12:30pm. We had the full breakfast for $26.00 and got there at 10:30am, so get there early!We did not spend a lot of time in Old San Juan on this trip, but of course its highly recommended for those that will be traveling to San Juan for the first time. Also, we did go to the El San Juan Hotel in the evenings for drinks and music, since the scene was a lot more lively.All in all, the Ritz Carlton San Juan did not fail our expectations and I will ONLY stay at the Ritz when I visit San Juan! Next time, I'll definitely check out the spa.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Snells
<Content>Great service, nice pool, ok beach, lovely grounds, small rooms We stayed 5 days 4 nights May 1st through May 5th. A quick cab ride and you are at the hotel. There was no line at checkin but I had requested a king bed (guaranteed) and they offered me either a) two doubles or b) move off the Club Level floor. I wasnt thrilled with either but went with a). The grounds of the hotel are beautiful. The issue of other posters about being close to the airport was nonissue. Inside the hotel - I never heard planes taking off. Outside the hotel, I heard thrusts of engines twice. There is so much white noise between the wind, pool, other people and the ocean, do not give the airport another thought. The Club level was nice. I always compare other Club levels to the one at the St. Regis in Aspen. This pales compared to that, it was still worth the upgrade. Club level has 5 sittings a day of food / drinks as well as champagne/wine/mixed drinks at night. Free newspapers, coffee and drinks were a nice touch. If you have a young family (especially baby), the Club Level is a must in my opinion. It is open from 7am to 10pm. The service at the Club Level was great - staffed with a personal concierge. The food itself at the Club Level was ok - you'll get the impression of mass production but the convenience was great. Onto the rooms. The rooms are nice but nothing spectular. Somewhat small, nice view (although we paid for that), mini-bar (but no separate refrigerator as adveristed), nicely appointed bathroom, robes, etc. The glaring miss was no place to hang wet clothes after a day at the beach. How much to those clothes lines cost - $5! A nice TV with dvd player was included. The cleaning people were very good - nice ladies. Free internet access (but no wireless - only wireless in lobby). Onto the beach / pool. The pool is the main attraction at the hotel. We had no problem finding chairs and the towels were always abundant. Drink/waiter service was nonexistent. The staff did a good job of turning over the chairs. Down by the beach, there are 3 hammocks, many lounge chairs and a nice beach. The beach is wide and long with low breakers. It is not the crystal blue of tahiti, but is better than ft. lauderdale beaches. If you like to gamble, the casino was nice. Craps 2x odds, $15 and up blackjack, double zero roulette. No limit with many locals playing. Drink service was good. Onto dinner at the hotel. El Mulino - my only tip is do not order one of the specials if you do not want sticker shock. An a la carte fish dish cost $80. Mind you - this wasn't the rare but succulent Japanese poison fish - it was Dover Sole! Maybe if the Sole had swallowed some caviar while bottom feeding I wouldn't have minded ;-) I don't mind paying up for a good meal, but I also don't want to pay $20 for a cup of coffee either (this is an example - coffee incident didn't actutally occur). We fared better at BLT -- fully priced but at least I knew what I was in for. Mares was ok - nothing great on the food. Overall, the staff was very pleasant and the property was nice. We met some nice people. I can't comment on the location because other than dinner in Old San Juan, we didn't leave the resort. Overall, the outstanding service made the Ritz worth the trip.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>MelissaL81
<Content>Ritz Great, PR not so much Me and six girlfriends stayed at the Ritz for a four day weekend May 29-June 1. The property is beautiful. The pool area is very well maintained. We did not have a problem getting chairs everyday and the staff around the pool is wonderful. The beach is also gorgeous. The water is so clear and warm and the sand is compact and white. Just gorgeous. We stayed on the concierge level and the extra price was definitely worth it. Instead of paying the large prices for breakfast and lunch at the restaurants we ate in the club and also had drinks before dinner. Most of the celebrities that come to PR stay at the Ritz. While we were there we ran into John Legend and the NFL Retired Players Convention. The casino was very nice. I am not sure why people have been complaining about that. There were lots of people, guests and locals, and it was very fun. However, there is not a real nightlife scene at the Ritz. For that you have to go two blocks down to the El San Juan. They have a great bar, club, live music, casino, etc. Very fun and definitely the hotspot in this part of town. I have to agree with others that there were a lot of children, but on our trip it was not too much and did not bother us. The rooms were not that great. I agree that it is definitely time for an update. I did not even have a comfortable bed and the walpaper was scuffed, carpet old and furniture dinged. We stayed for a very reduced rate but I would reconsider staying here for too much more than we paid. We ate at three restaurants for dinner: Dragonfly, Koco, and BLT Steak. I would recommened them all. But beware, they are pricey. Overall, I would probably not return to Puerto Rico. I found the whole city of San Juan to be very dirty and I did not feel safe. The people were very nice but there were not many hotels that I would consider staying at, and truly I am not a hotel snob.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>morganNewYork
<Content>DON'T GO UNLESS YOU HAVE YOUNG KIDS - and even with kids, I'd say don't go I stayed at the ritz with my boyfriend memorial day weekend. The hotel itself is nice and clean and the pool area is really nice from an aesthetic point of view, actually sitting there to relax is a different story -- read on... the problems are as follows: (1) The hotel is totally disorganized - no one communicated within the hotel, if you ask housekeeping for something they send someone to ask you what you want even though you told the person on the phone - a lot of hassle for nothing.(2) Very loud - 5 star hotels should be relaxing -- this one is not - the staff is running around, cutting the grass, repairing stuff, moving stuff.. you hear the working of the hotel all day - in a 5 star hotel you should not see this kind of stuff - nothing like sitting at the pool trying to relax while the staff moves plates and boxes from one end of the pool to the other on wheeled carts that make tons of noise, changes the garbage in front of you...etc -- its just constant noise..(3) The beach area is ok - the beach is really nothing special (not the fault of the ritz..but if you are going for a nice beach vacation - go somewhere else ) -- but the ritz staff makes an already average beach suck even more as the staff drives around on these 4 wheelers that blow smoke and fumes all over you - they do so to collect towels etc.. which is a total joke as the beach area is not that big and any other place would just have them walking around to do so - but the staff is lazy.. so basically you are sitting on the beach with fumes and loud noise -- also the airport is really close (a 5 minute drive from the hotel) so you hear planes taking off and landing all day -- all in all not relaxing.(4) KIDS ALL OVER -- this hotel is full of little kids, and loud obnoxious ones - I don't mean to sound horrible and like a kid hater - because i am not - but this is a family resort 100% and don't be fooled otherwise - it is not a romantic place to go - also I have found usually at 5 star hotels that even if there are kids they don't hell on the top of their lungs or play marco polo from one end of the hotel to the other - I note from other reviews this is something that always occurs.. the hotel makes no effort in trying to quiet the children to respect others desire for relaxation (and I asked numerous times)(5) The beds suck - our backs were sore everyday so much so that we had to cancel our plans to go to the rain forest as we were exhausted from no sleep and in painIn sum, If you have young kids who want to run around and yell and you don't want to teach them manners - ie: how to respect other people's desire for some relaxation as well -- this is the place for you --- otherwise STAY AWAY. I went there for a romantic/relaxing long weekend and could not wait to get home. This is not a ritz experience -- we checked out the other hotels -- the intercontinental looks the best -- its further away from the airport - the beach is a bit nicer and its way cheaper so you won't be furious that you are so much money for a disaster of an experience. If you vacationing with friends DO NOT GO, if you are a couple DO NOT GO. I cannot stress this enough.. it was a terrible terrible disappointment.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	5	3	1	-1	

<Author>ptbistro
<Content>Fabulous Possibly the best hotel experience we have ever had anywhere we have traveled in the world. The service was impeccable, the rooms extremely comfortable. The staff went above and beyond the call of duty every day.Our only regret is that we didn't book a longer stay. We wll most certainly be back...soon.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bstro202
<Content>Nothing Special So I was very excited about staying at the Ritz-Carlton San Juan. While it certainly was not a bad place, It was really no different than a Hilton or Marriott that I might say at in the states. (Made me wonder what the Hilton and Marriott are like here in San Juan) For $400 per night I had a room with a view of a condo parking lot and security fence...but couldn't really even see that since the dual-pane glass was stained with salt or some substance. The service was subpar for a hotel in this category, my first night I requested a wake-up call and after setting this up the woman asked, is there anything else that I can help you with? At which point I mentioned, why yes, in fact I have a sports jacket that needs cleaning...what should I do? and the woman said, oh, I don't know anything about that...call in the morning and they can help you. I know I probably sound like a snob but this is the RITZ CARLTON, I expect top-notch service, not the same that I'd get at the Hilton or Marriott. The room was also very much like staying at a Hilton...to be honest, I couldn't tell the difference. Now, let me say some good things...the pool was wonderful as were the grounds. Also, the beach was very nice...I never thought of Puerto Rico as having such a nice beach. Overall, not a bad experience but nothing that would make me want to spend this kind of money again. What I don't know is if things in Puerto Rico are not just very nice and if this really is the best place to stay? I haven't tried any of the other places.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>btr-L8-thn-nvr
<Content>Ritz Reflections My husband and I (55/53) stayed at the RC from 5/4-5/10. We stayed in an oceanview room on the 6th floor overlooking the pool and ocean with a perfect view of both. We arrived at the hotel shortly after noon and were in our room by 1pm. Check in was a bit slow due to guests at the counter who seemed to have issues, but we just waited patiently. We were offered water and a manager helped by taking some of our preliminary info while we were in line. Every staff member that we encountered during our stay could not have been nicer to us. We had never stayed at an RC hotel and have never been elsewhere in the Carribean so we can not comment on how other resorts compare. When booking the Ritz we were a bit nervous that it would only attract the more societal elite and that we plain folk would have a hard time fitting in. We could not have been more wrong. Every guest we saw were average, working class folks. No old, nose-in-the-air, wealthy types anywhere. As a matter of fact, the majority of the guests were on the young side: 20 and 30 somethings. So if you are looking for the I'm better than everyone else type of place that you don't have to share with the less wealthy, this is not the hotel for you. We found the room to be spacious enough. Don't understand how people see these rooms as small. Perhaps they are trying to cram a family of 5 into one room??? There is plenty of drawer and closet space for storing your belongings. Housekeeping did a fine job everyday except for Thursday. For some reason, Thurs. seemed to be an off day for service all the way around. We had to ask for a bath mat and coffee. This was not a big deal. Just trying to present an accurate picture. The beds are extremely comfortable, you sleep cradled in down.  If you want to nit-pick: The room is not completely spotless, some of the furniture is a bit chipped, and the carpeting is a bit worn. The windows are not crystal clear to look through, but the hotel is on the ocean. Would you really want someone hanging outside your window washing them around the clock? The pool is beautiful, but, yes there are diapered babies and toddlers that share it with you. There are also loud, obnoxious cell phone users all around. I just don't get it. Do these people need everyone to hear their conversations? Are they showing off that they have the latest gadget phone? The pool area can become untidy at times, but again, this is due to lazy, inconsiderate guests who let their newspapers fly all around in addition to not putting their lunch dishes and cocktail cups into the trash cans that are all around the pool area. I Guess they need to be waited on hand and foot by the pool attendants. Each morning, in the wee hours, a maintenance crew washes the pool decking, the chairs, chair pads, and the tables, so each day it starts off being spotless. I truly believe the staff does the best it can here. On Friday there were a wild bunch of children at the pool, drinking and spitting soda into the water, splashing people, throwing half-eaten pizza and plates into the landscaped areas, antagonizing birds, etc. while their parents sat in the front row oblivious for the most part and yelling an occasional idle threat their way. We just moved to another section of the pool, where the water spouting from the lions drowned out the kid noise. During the rest of our week, the other children were well behaved and a pleasure to watch. This is not a reflection on the hotel, it's a reflection on poor parenting. Bottom line: the hotel is kid friendly, so prepare for it.Yes, the food is expensive here. We ate at Il Mulino for Sunday brunch. It was delicious. We breakfasted at Mares several days. There was so much to eat, we didn't need lunch. For that reason alone, it was a good deal for the money. We went off-site for some of our meals and never had anything bad. We even partook of grilled sandwiches in the casino and they were quite tasty.  As to the casino, we never saw any dressed up people. It's true that no one wears beach wear, but we were way overdressed in nice slacks and tops. The slot seats were all stained and a bit gross and the patrons were basicly careworn local folks. I had read on TA about how dress was very formal at casinos in San Juan. We went to four different places and saw the same type of folks at every one. No need to be intimidated here by what you're wearing. Side bar: the slots literally eat your money, we never had or saw any big wins here. We don't play table games so we don't know if the odds were any better there. Drinks in the lobby lounge are $15 each. You can get the same drinks, while playing the slots for the price of a tip. Service is quick and efficient.We walked on the beach every morning. The white waves are very pretty. The water is clean albeit a bit univiting since the water looks a bit mucky where the waves break due to the brown silty sand that gets riled up. Walking on the beach is nice once you get past what I liked to call the high turn of a car racetrack in front of the Marriott. It's very steep there and you get quite a workout, but once past that area the beach is flat and nice. There are small shells and beach glass to collect. There is also broken, sharp glass around so watch your step. Yes, you will hear planes throughout the day, but it sounds a bit like a strong gust of wind. We didn't find it to be a bothersome noise.Another thing to be cautious about: We left most of our cash in the room safe and could not account for $100 on our second day. After that we carried our valuables with us any time we didn't have the Do Not Disturb sign on the door. Use the Hotel safe. Also, we were charged for an item from the minibar that we did not take. We just let both of these incidents go. We knew we had no recourse and decided not to let it spoil our vacation.To sum, I'd like to say that for the most part we had a wonderful time at the Ritz. Everytime we returned from our ventures off site, it was like a sanctuary. Is San Juan a beautiful city? No. But it has beautiful people who treated us with kindness and repect, and for that we thank them.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	5	

<Author>BailsBrew
<Content>Service with a smile!       view from the beach  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>ectNY
<Content>Don't be fooled by the brand-name! This hotel is like paying for a BMW and driving a Hyundai (no offense to the Korean car lovers!). If you have ever stayed at other RC properties you will immediately notice the difference. This hotel will still give you a nice room with an exceptionally comfortable bed, but the ridiculously long front desk line and lack of service and security will make the 17 dollar Mojitos and 30 dollar breakfast buffet hard to enjoy.  Let鈥檚 start with the 鈥渕issing鈥?cell phone that disappeared from the surf shop counter in 2 minutes and the complete lack of cooperation or assistance from the hotel management. I believe that the unusual circumstances of the loss of the cell phone (Almost a witnessed theft), and RC being in such a 鈥渘ame鈥?resort would prompt some action by the management to maybe smooth over the actions of a certain employee or at least to make some gesture to appease two very irate guests who lost their only mobile source of communication with their 15 month old in NY. But unfortunately we got shifted through all the different levels of management to leave with a 50 dollar credit to our room鈥?or two and a half Mojitos! Our mini bar was raided by the previous occupants of the room who left us a half-eaten Snickers bar and Vodka and Gin bottles that were opened and refilled with water 鈥?real classy! Despite our repeated phone calls to the front desk we checked out 4 days later with the same bottles in the mini bar and a late discovered $3.75 charge for the chocolate bar! The beach is very nice, but the water is very shallow with lots of rocks and coral that make swimming a bit challenging. The casino is elegant but small. Only half of the tables games are staffed even on the busiest nights and the tables can go from a $5 dollar minimum to $25 in 15 minutes. Brings lots of cash and patience. Overall it was an OK experience, but you can have a better experience at the Marriott in Condado for 陆 the price.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	2	2	3	

<Author>mythreechicas
<Content>Ritz???? Stayed at the Ritz for 3 nights on a girls' weekend and I wouldn't return. The resort was filled with unchaperoned children, to the point where we couldn't eat outside because of too many noisy children taking over the outside tables The hot tub was cold and again filled with kids. The service was OK. They did give us a changing room because we had a late flight out. There is no night life at this hotel. Try the San Juan down the street, especially on Saturday nights. Drinks were $15 with tip...This Ritz property doesn't live up to the reputation. Too bad, since there are so many choices along the Carolina strip.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>billyboy18
<Content>It is what it is!! First, let's be clear--this is not a Mandaran Oriental or a Four Seasons. There is some airport noise and you can sometimes smell the fumes when you are on the beach. The Old City is just a tad too far away. The BLT Steak is poor and Il Mulino is even worse. The prices are what you would expect. However, to look on the bright side you can have a very nice stay. Our room (floor 8 Ocean View) was pretty nice and worth the daily $700 or so. The service was excellent--friendly helpful people always. It was a delight to see all the smiling faces of the staff. The resort is bright and cheerful and everything seems to work--plenty of chairs and towels, nice breakfast buffet served well, nice views from everywhere.Is there a better place for a quick getaway in San Juan--I haven't found it yet.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>sandmannLasVegas
<Content>Nothing Special I spent 3 days at the ritz with high hopes. This place is not much to write about. The check in was slow, they did noot have my room ready until 5:30. The rooms are small and very comfortable but nothing exciting. The people are friendly with the exception of the pool side lunch place. They are more interested in ignoring the customer than servicing your needs. The beach guys are nice and will help with any request for 20 bucks. Blt was slow but good food. The casino is full of local old ladies who line up on the slot machines. There is no action at night, i suggest walking to the el san juan there lobby is always the hottest place in pr. So the rits is not really a ritz its just a nice room on a nice beach  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ctrevor
<Content>We were happy but stayed with a discount We stayed at the Ritz Carlton for 5 nights, at a significant corporate discount. Without the discount, I don't think we would have been quite so happy, but with the discount, we were pleased. The room was clean and spacious, the beds very comfortable, and the staff was really pleasant. The pool was extremely crowded our first day there (a Sunday) but that did not happen again during the rest of our stay (we left on a Friday). And you always had the option of having chairs set out for you on the beach, which was really nice. The pool was also great, and the grounds are beautiful. we even saw some very cool lizards running around, and at night, if you walk around you can hear the frogs singing. The little touches are nice - like the NY Times supplement, the fruit at the towel stand, the fact that at any given time, staff were always around and were always helpful. The casino (and the whole hotel) is now non-smoking, and that was great too. I think overall it is a great place to relax and get away, with very easy beach and pool access that is comfortable and clean. Complaints would be the food - on every level. For what you pay to stay there (full price or not), I think they should include a continental breakfast. The hotel restaurant options are all very expensive. We ate at Il Mulino one night and were extremely disappointed both with the service and the food. The poolside restaurant menu was really limited, overpriced, and the food not very good. We discovered a small diner a block off the property called Cafe Piu, which has fabulous gelatto and a really nice staff, and just relied on it heavily for breakfast and lunch. Other than that, there are not a lot of restaurant options within walking distance (other than fast food) so getting to the good restaurants required a cab ride or a car rental.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HaveBagsWillTravel6
<Content>Fabulous Service at the Ritz! The service at the San Juan hotel was outstanding. We stayed 4 days and 3 nights to celebrate a mile stone birthday for my mother. Over the course of the 4 days - the Ritz employees remembered our names, wished my mom a happy birthday everyday and remembered everything that we were doing. They truly made it a memorable event.I was not thoroughly impressed with the food choices in the restaurants located in the hotel. Run of the mill 4 star restaurants - nothing to scream home about. The poolside bar restaurant had a terrible selection - and really nothing healthy or refreshing.The rooms were extremely clean and well maintainted, as you would expect from a distinctive brand such as the Ritz. Though the hotel was less then I'd normally expect of the Ritz Carlton brand - the staff made up for any possible dissapointment of the property food offerings.If I visit San Juan again, I would not hesitate to book the Ritz and not look anywhere else!I highly suggest using the Consierge for all dining reservations and suggestions - request Maria she was absolutely supurb!Other fabulous employees - Jesus at the Beach area, Rafael in Bell Services, Candy at the door.My suggestions for a restaurant location if you want a phenominal night of casual food and a warm vivacious atmosphere would be Baru in Old San Juan - I cannot say enough about this place!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hank1105
<Content>Good hotel, great location, thumbs up overall       We called this guy Larry, not sure why :)  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>katieh
<Content>Very Good but not great I just returned from an 8 night trip to the Ritz and had a wonderful vacation. That said there were positives and negatives.The property is very nice, beautiful grounds. the beach is OK- it is not the crystal clear waters you expect in the Carribean, but the water is warm, and the beach is swimable. The rooms are nice- very comfortable. The bed is amazing, and the tv is great, plus plenty of drawer space. While the bathroom is very clean, it has the standard tub/shower together. Unfortunately not many balconies, so that is definitely a downer. we had a pool/ocean view, but really wished there had been a balcony. Maid service was great. I spent my time at the beach, and the service at the beach was outstanding. plenty of chairs, but it was windy. Not so windy that you couldn't lay out - of our 8 days only 1 day had much rain, and I spent every day on the beach and didn't mind the wind- it kept you cool. the food was good, and I didn't feel the prices were steep. Resort food is expensive anywhere you go whether it's a Ritz or a Westin, and I felt the prices to be pretty standard. Il Mulino was amazing. Absolutely fantastic. While normally I love BLT, I was very disappointed to get a well done steak. Also, the service was pretty bad, so by the time they got around to asking me how it was, we had eaten all of the sides (they were delicious, as was the wine) and I didn't want to wait for another one. They didn't charge me for the steak, but again I came there with high expectations and was really disappointed. The concierge lost my friend's spa appointmet, but fortunately she was planning to cancel it. We had a major problem with the tour desk. Extremely unhelpful and getting conflicting information. Note that the tour desk is outsourced by Castillo tours, so if you are having problems with them, just go to the concierge and ask for help, a mistake we made too late, and unfortunately resulted in us not going to Culebria as we had hoped. Kamil the tennis pro is fantastic! If you are thinking about doing a lesson or a clinic- book it! He was so much fun and gave me a great workout. All in all it was a great trip. We met really friendly, interesting people. very relaxing trip. Its so easy- quick flight, no customs or passport, so I would recommend this for a quick getaway. However, it doesn't have the ultra luxurious feel you get from other Ritz's, so I wouldn't recommend this for honeymooners. I liked that it was close to the airport- I was listening to the waves and the wind rustling the palm trees, and wasn't bothered at all by the occasional plane landing.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vacationqueen1
<Content>nice but not quite what a Ritz should be Just returned from San Juan for a 3 night stay. The property was extremely crowded, trying to find a seat at the pool was quite a challenge. I found service to be extremely slow and almost non-existent by the pool. The hotel was very clean but just not quite what you would expect from a Ritz. Our room was very basic, not many balcony rooms to be had. Ok, I know it's the Ritz but things are soooo overpriced it's ridiculous! 3 drinks by the pool $50. 50 minute massage with tip $171. The beach is okay, it happened to be extremely windy while we were there so you were getting whipped in the face with sand most of the time. It was definitely not a very tropical location. If you want that island feel this is not the place to go. Don't get me wrong, overall, we did have a nice time. The casino was fun, BLT was a great restaurant, I didn't get to experience Il Mullino but heard it was fabulous. For close by nightlife to to El San Juan the lobby bar is great, live entertainment and a fun atmosphere.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>intltravels
<Content>Nice property, too crowded and bad service We stayed here for one night at the tail-end of our honeymoon before catching our plane home. The property is beautiful, but in case it's not clear from the property description... it is located right next to the San Juan airport. The airport is probably a two minute drive from the hotel. Our room was on the San Juan facing side and looked out onto the airport runway. This didn't seem to create noise issues however as I guess the hotel must be far enough away or the flight pathways don't go directly over the hotel and so the noise isn't really noticeable. In fact, some might consider it a great convenience if you're looking for a quick-strike vacation because you don't have to waste time in ground transport when you arrive in San Juan.The hotel is extremely crowded... at least it was when we were there. It seemed there was always a queue at the reservation desk and the restaurants were packed (I think there are only two - one by the beach and the italian restaurant next to the casino). Crowds can be ok if they are managed well. Unfortunately, the hotel staff seemed incapable of handling the crowds very well. The wait times were very long at the reservation desk both to check in and to check out.My take-away from our stay here was it's a great hotel if you're looking for a get away to a pretty hotel with a nice beach and you don't mind navigating crowds. It's a terrible hotel if you're looking for a forget the world experience- quiet, peaceful, service like you're the only customer that matters, etc.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>prtraveler323
<Content>The BEST hotel in the area My husband and I stayed at the Ritz for the first two days of our honeymoon before taking a cruise from P.R. From the moment we walked in the door we were impressed. While checking in wewere served with a glass of champagne. We had to wait a bit for our room since we checked in early. We were given a complimentary lunch pass. When we got to our room and were getting ready to go to the pool we had a knock on the door. To our surprise we were sent a full bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries. The next evening they had a chef at the restaurant cooking authentic PRican food and had dancers in typical dress dancing la plena. It was awesome and I have never had such great food besides my own grandmother's cooking. The staff went out of their way to make us feel very special and for this reason I would go back again and again. I don't get people on here that complain about the prices...IT'S THE RITZ!! What do you expect? There are so many restauarants on the island that if you want to have a meal that is more reasonable you can. If you want a great place to celebrate a special occasion this is definitely the place to go. I am from NY and have stayed at several of the other higher end hotels on Isla Verde and this was the best.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sueeMaryland
<Content>Much to recommend This is an extremely well run property. Every employee was gracious--from the front desk to the beach and pool attendants, to the maid service. The employees made it a point to learn names and use them when communicating. They also asked frequently about how the stay was going. Our ocean front room was spacious and well decorated. The small balcony with two chairs and a table was perfect. The grounds are lovely. The downsides: good news that the airport is close. Bad news is the airport is close. The jets sounded like thunder. The only other thing was the food: not bad, but pretty ordinary and/or uneven. The seafood chowder at Mares was delicious, the grouper, overcooked but nicely presented. The lobby bar's drinks were far superior to the beach bar. We would return again. Isla Verde much more pleasant than the hordes of cruisers in Old San Juan.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bella513
<Content>Definitely not a Ritz! My husband and I stayed at the Ritz for 5 nights. Like previous reviews, all we were looking for was sun and relaxation. I have stayed at other Ritz and Four Season properties for business and have always been more than satisfied. Unfortunately I can't say the same for the Ritz Carlton San Juan. When we got to the hotel, we waited for about 15 minutes to get to the front desk to check in. Everyone in front of us had some sort of problem but we were trying not to let that get to us. We were told our room was ready so we were very happy to be almost on the beach. Apparently something went wrong when she was checking us in, since when we opened the door, it was already occupied. How embarrassing would that have been if someone was indisposed! So we walked back downstairs with our luggage to try to straighten it out. It didn't take long and we were back upstairs to our 鈥渦noccupied鈥?room. First thing I noticed was a nasty musty smell when we walked in. We were tired, hungry and anxious to get to the beach so we didn't say anything. We got changed into our bathing suits and headed to the restaurant at the pool. Well 2 drinks, a sandwich and salad later.... $67! We're from NY so we're use to over paying for practically everything but we thought that was alittle ridiculous. Basically that was the theme for the rest of our stay at the Ritz. 2 frozen drinks - $30. Breakfast buffet - $52. We don't mind paying alittle more if it's worth it but the service was not great, the food mediocre and the accommodations below par. The only positive thing... no bed bugs!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>FinickyNYC
<Content>Putting on the Ritz My trip to the Ritz Carlton, San Juan was amazing. The Ritz is a wonderful hotel that met all of our expectations for a quiet, luxurious long weekend. The service and ambiance was superb. I was taken aback when entering the hotel the bell man immediately knew our name. The rooms were clean, welcoming and comforting. We stayed on the Club level and were impressed with the plethora of gorgeous food and beverage presentations. I never knew what a great value the club level is, I will be sure to book Club for all remaining Ritz Carlton stays.On our last night, I was fortunate enough to have a lucky hand at the Casino. I would strongly recommend this hotel to all.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mynystateofmind
<Content>Ritz Carlton Easter 2008 Our family stayed at the Ritz in San Juan from 3/18 through 3/24. Our overall experience was above average. Some notes:Overall property: Landscape/Decor/Design/Rooms-B+/A-Restaurant Service in Ritz owned restaurants: C-Front Desk: C- Long wait the day we checked in 3 Hours + Desk Manager's appeared to be way over their head with check-in'sPool and Beach Staff: A+ Ask for Juan and Joshua. Great beach. Pool is only 3 Feet deep. Beautiful pool, don't expect to do many laps. Also, try to get to pool area by 7:30AM to reserve your chair/chairs.Bell Staff: A+Bar Help: B+IL Mulino Restaurant: A+ Excellent ExperienceCasino: B+Kid Friendly: C- Resort needs to cater more to teens. Lots of children between the ages of 12-16 and not enough activities. recommend Teen lounge w/activities-games-socials,etc.People Atmosphere: C- Too many stuffy folks who need major dose of reality. Life is too short enjoy yourself. Materialism at its best.NightLife: C- See above response. I highly recommend that you walk to the El San Juan Hotel for excellent Salsa Dancing, Music and Night Life......Great BarsResort Spa and Tennis: B-B+ Classes offered at spa were personalized and professional. Try the belly Dancing and Latin Salsa Dancing. Spa was excellent.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>ssmall34
<Content>Ritz best place in P.R. by far My wife and I just came back from a 4 night/5 day vacation on the Ritz. I can honestly say I was pleasantly surprised at what a fabulous time we had considering many of the somewhat negative reviews here. The Ritz staff treated us like we expect from a Ritz. Everyone was polite and our room was very nice overlooking the pool. I asked for a separate fridge for the room  it was there waiting for me when we walked in. The grounds were beautiful, the food delicious, service excellent, and the beach better than expected. Live music every evening in the lobby was also a nice touch.I want to address a couple of things that have been talked about in people's reviews. The noise situation from planes due to the close proximity to the airport was virtually non-existent. If you really listened for it, you could hear a plane for about 6 seconds a couple of times a day. This was basically a non issue. Also, I guess enough people complained that there weren't any/enough wait staff by the pool and beach to take drink  food orders. Well, mgmt must have listened because there were always numerous people to to take your orders without having to walk over to them. The restaurants were excellent - some people complained about the high prices. Well remember where you are staying - this is the Ritz not the Holiday Inn, Coming from New York City, I didn't think the prices were so bad. Besides, if you don't like it, there are many other choices of places to eat.If there was anything to complain about, it was some very minor things. The pool temp was a bit on the chilly side as I dont think they have heat in it but rely on the heat from the sun. So in the mornings  evenings, the pool takes a while to get in for a wimp like myself. Also the hot tub temp was not hot enough. It felt a bit like bathwater. The he only other gripe I have is what others said which is that the windows of the room (outside window) defineltely needed some cleaning. Also something very minor is that no where on the hotel website does it say that there are two beautiful tennis courts with a pro that can handle any level player named Kamil. I wish I knew this ahead of time.After having spent time at the Ritz and visiting the El San Juan Hotel, I think there is absolutely no comparison. The only way I would stay at the El San Juan is for a bachelor party or if I was younger  single  looking to meet someone. Other than that, I thought the El San Juan was old, dirty,  certainly attracted a different clientele than the Ritz. The RItz is definetely the place to stay if you are going with a significant other or with family, including kids.One last thing I want to add was how nice I thought it was that guests have unlimited access to the business center computer to log on the internet free of charge. Many other hotels charge a minimum hourly rate so this was a nice feature.Thanks Ramon.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>dvar
<Content>Great Time at the Ritz We went with our 3 kids to the Ritz just last week and had a great time. We were upgraded to ocean view, which was lovely. And the staff at the Ritz was amazing. They were so accomodating at the pool and the beach and especially at all of the restaurants. BLT Steak was terrific - they went out of their way to make sure that our kids were happy so my husband and I could enjoy our meal. Mares restaurant was also so good. My son loved the Kids' Club and the other guests were very nice as well. It is defiintely a family-friendly resort, with lots of kids. Overall, the kids were very well-behaved, with a few exceptions. Our only negative experiences on the entire trip came when we ventured off property. The contrast in our experience at Mortons with BLT Steak was huge - Mortons was a terrible experience and BLT was wonderful and it was because of the service really. Same with a restaurant we tried in the El San Juan. We will definitely go back to PR and stay at the Ritz. Wouldn't stay anywhere else there.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>NJBusAtty
<Content>A Hassle a Day Pontiac Vacation for a Cadillac Price I would recommend against this hotel.From the moment I arrived at this hotel, and I had to fight for an hour and a half to get the room type I had reserved (and for which I had a written confirmation), this hotel disappointed.Every day there was at least one major hassle - promised services were not available, concierges failed to make requested reservations, requests had to be made multiple times before they were fulfilled, staff was insulting, etc.The facilities and services did not match the price point.Finally, after I returned home, I found that the hotel had billed the credit card company for more than the bill I received when I checked out.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sunshine118
<Content>Fabulous time at The Ritz! Just returned back from 2 nights at The Ritz and looking back at the negative reviews, I'm glad I was not disuaded by some of them and decided to stay at the best hotel on the island!The service was outstanding, the grounds were magnificent and the staff went above and beyond to make our stay wonderful.We had an ocean view which was gorgeous! The room was pristine in every way! The sheets were so soft and the bed was unbelievably comfortable. Neither my husband or I heard any noise at all from the airport (and we're both light sleepers!)It was luxury beginning to end.. We ate breakfast/brunch in Los Mares both mornings and loved the food and the service.Also, the spa was beautiful and I was lucky enough to attend one of the Salsa classes with the instructor, Marisol and she was terrific! Really enjoyable. I would highly recommend a stay at The Ritz. You won't regret it!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EHB
<Content>Good Hotel for $700 Per NIght The Ritz was good - great beach, great pool, great lobby, quiet, clean, great service. However, the rooms were nothing special or memorable. And at $700 a night, you think you would get a lot more for your buck.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>renz13
<Content>Before you stay here, think twice if you think you get what you pay for!!!! OK, so this place has some bright spots, but the bad really outshines the good and it really sinks in and cannot be overlooked; especially when you are paying over $600 a night, this basically amounts to a 'Less than Ritz Carlton experience. Having stayed at other RC locations in the past few years, I have to say I was not at all impressed.Starting with our arrival, my wife and I and good friends of ours arrived at the hotel at 11:30am from Newark Liberty. The flight was only 3.5 hours, which is what makes Puerto Rico so attractive to so many in our area. The hotel is a 10 minute drive from the airport, which was great, and the taxi drivers we had during our four day visit were very nice...no shuttle to and from the hotel, but no big deal as it is very easy to catch a cab. So, are we ready for the problems??? We get to the hotel, we are greeted by a bell hop, he takes our bags, puts them on the baggage cart and leads us to the lobby; very nicely maintained, not huge but nice, open and airy, a good feeling of being away...and then I see there is a line of about 15 people infront of me and my wife and our friends, waiting to check in, not thinking it was a big deal as there were four girls at the front desk. 25 minutes later, I finally get to the front desk, offered a bottle of water while waiting and was told that my room was not ready. I was told that if I gave my cell phone number, someone would contact me when it was ready. I booked my trip with American Express Platinum Travel Services, and received a nice welcome from the front desk, warm smiles and lots of yes', to make me feel like this was just a minor set back and things would get better....After being told that the eligible upgrade was not available (fine, not a problem, this is the Ritz, how bad can it be) I would be given $100.00 credit during my stay and was told that an effort would be made in waiting for my room since I was a member. Great, that made me feel good...now, I ask where can I go and change, while I wait near the pool, as I was told I could do, while my room was prepared? Well, sir, you can go to the men's room, with your suitcase and change into a bathing suit. I am easy going, as is my wife and our friends, so we drag our suitcases into the mens and ladies room, change and go to the pool. Nice grounds, nice pool, and the first thing I noticed was that there is no kids pool and lots of families with kids. My wife and I, and our friends are in our mid 30's, we have a two year old, who we left home so we could relax, and low and behold, the pool is loaded with screaming, jumping, splashing children with parents who cannot control them. Fine, we are all easy going we say, nothing that an ipod can't tune out, right? We lay out for a bit, and get hungry, we head to the bar/ cafe at the pool. We ordered some hamburgers, a turkey wrap, salads. I would say that isnt to hard to make, well, I was wrong. After waiting 45 minutes, at a cafe where there werent to many people, for the burgers, salads and the wrap, I took a few bites, and my wife didnt even want to eat hers, our friends werent happy and we all felt that the food was not that great!!! We all looked at each other, and were hoping this was just a fluke, but we had no clue what we were in for. This was at 1:30pm and we figured hopefully we would get our phone call any minute and we would soon be in our room, unpacking and getting back out to the excellent sunshine, the only thing we wanted to do here in the first place; sun and relaxation at The Ritz!!! 2pm, 3pm, 4pm, 4:30pm, still no phone call, still no room, for either of us. I decided to go to the front desk, and there was still a line of people. I get in line again and after 10 minutes, I call out to our bell hop who was pretty cool and rembered me. I pleaded to him to see if there was something he could do as I did not want to wait another 1/2 hour to reach the front desk,just to find out if my room was ready. 10 minutes later he emerges, he lets me know that the room is ready and would take my bags to the room right away...relief is on its way. Oh, I had to ask for my friends as well, that took another 10 minutes. We get to the room, nothing spectacular, not much of a view but clean, nicely decorated, satisfying, but not up to other Ritz Carlton's that I have been to. We decided to shower; a clean bathroom, plenty of towels, plenty of Bulgari amenities and we got ready for dinner. We were really looking foward to dinner, as we were going to BLT Steak in the hotel, as there is one in NYC and every raves about the food...here come the let downs again...I dont know if the kitchens are as understaffed as the hotel, but again, the food iand service is terrible. I ordered a caesar salad, wasn't great, my wife, she had a salad, have had better at a NJ diner, and they werent cheap either...my skirt steak was good, my wifes king crab legs, mediorce, dinner costs us $200 for the two of us, same for our friends, and was worth 1/2 that at the most; I have had better dinner at The Cheesecake Factory. We headed to bed after a brief walk around the grounds of the hotel and a stop in the lounge. We got into a comfortable bed, and had a good night sleep. The next moring, we have breakfast at Mares in the hotel, it was complimentary with our stay each moring, and was good but not worth the $26.00 per person one would normally pay, I wouldn't recommend it if you are paying for it. After breakfast, I headed to the gym, like I did every morning of my stay, and it could have been larger compared to other hotels I have been to. I waited for a treadmill as they have limited cardio equipment, 5 to 6 treadmills and 4 EFX machines, two bikes...the weight training equipment is limited as well, older equipment, and just not up to par. The streching, abs, spin room was better equiped and had much more of a lively feeling...the main room is cramped, tight, hot and not to gym standards. After my workout, I showered in the mens locker room, again, just ok, I have been in nicer equipped locker rooms in lesser hotels, and headed to the pool, once again, greeted by kids and families, and there was no way you could relax here. We met other couples from our area with similar disappointing aspects of the hotel and were wondering why there wasnt a kids pool, why was the service so lacking we all felt the same way; is this really a Ritz Carlton? My favorite part of the pool had to be the couple who had their pack and play at the steps of the pool, their chairs at the steps of the pool and their rafts, with them on them in the pool, holding on to the railing leading into the pool, and had the nerve to say,  you know what I hate about laying by the stair, the traffic... My wife and friends were jaw dropped, as we would never ever sit our childs play pen right in the middle of where people enter and leave the pool, let alone even have her there below a year old in the first place!!! Seriously, am I being overly dramatic here, because I am trying like crazy not be at all negative towards this place, just telling it like it is, as I was paying so much and getting so little. This is just not what I expected from a Ritz Carlton. My wife and my friends wife wanted a drink, anything, so I looked around, and one, I counted one waitress at the pool and this poor thing was running around trying to make everyone happy, but waiting guests makes for unhappy guest. I figured after 15 minutes of trying to flag her down from the other end of the pool, I decided to go get the drinks myself...when she finally got over to our side of the pool, she apologized ever so nicely and asked us if we needed anything, no nothing right now, but thanks for the apology was all I could say. I felt really bad for her, because you could see she was working her rear off, and there was no one to help here, and the understaffing was clearly seen here. There had to be 5 to 6 guys standing around handing out towels and fixing chairs for guest, and I was thinking, why wouldnt the manager have one of these guys take drink orders and help this poor girl??? This day ended the same as the last, going to the room, showering, and heading out to a mediocre dinner, but this time at Il Mulino, which is also in the hotel, and another huge let down...isnt this supposed to be one of the best Italian restaurants in NYC??? Again, I think it has to do with staffing and the kitchen, but the food and teh service was just not good...I am 100% Italian, I grew up in the NYC area and I think I have an understanding of good food and this is just not good food. I have been to quite a few restaurants in NYC, northern NJ and around the world at numerous hotels, and in their own ways, they all blow these restaurants away, and some for half the price. Day three went pretty much the same way, sub par food, screaming kids, lines, long waits for drinks, but nice weather for tanning and nice greetings from a staff that you can see knows they are in way over their heads, and try to my pleasure you into getting over it...it doesnt work...I smile, but it doesnt work. To this point, I haven't talked to a manager, first, because I don't like to be a complainer looked at as some snooty New Yorker with an attitude. I am just an average guy who is on vacation with his wife and friends trying to have a good time at a nice place, and believe me, like many, we do not mind paying a little extra for something good and something that is worth its price...secondly, I was seriously hoping this stay would have a miracle cast upon it. But I know this isn't the case and I am starting to feel like I am being robbed here folks. This nice guy is starting to realize he is being taken for granted by the Ritz Carlton San Juan, which at this point is looking more like the Marriott San Juan with nice grounds and a nice lobby!!! So, our last day comes, and we got up and went to the beach today to get away from the rants of the pool. We were nicely greeted at the beach entrance, and were led to chairs, towels and umbrellas at the place of our choice; nice beach, very fine sand and a nice warm ocean, great...we should have done this from the beginning I started to think, but who would know that we would wait once again for any type of service on the beach...not seeing a single service person on the beach until we were getting ready to leave didnt make for a happy beach day. I just dont understand how a place like this could be so understaffed and so inexperienced. When it was time to check out, I became a little smarter (too late though) so I sat down at lunch, ordered my food, then went to the front desk line, knowing it would be a wait of at least a half hour or so to get to the front desk once again, and guess what...when I finally checked out and went back to my table where my wife and friends were waiting, I only had to wait an additional 15 minutes for the food to get there, LOL!!!...I would have complained to a manager, but was told that she (Jackie) was not available and someone would call her if I wished to wait...No thanks, but I have to catch a plane in an hour to make it back to reality and I don't want to miss it. For the price, go someplace else, I recommend the One  Only Resort locations, much better staff, much better food, much better EVERYTHING!!!! Puerto Rico, my apologies, but I won't be coming back as the only thing you have going for you at this point is the sun, and you can get that just about anywhere for free!!!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>trvlplanetv
<Content>Not great but OK I was very sad having gone to many ritz carltons and too be so let down by the general experience here in puerto rico. The hotel is ok but pool area not clean and beach at times filthy. My room was nice and the lobby beautiful. The staff was friendly but not very well trained. It seems that politeness is all they seem to know. I waited for several requests over an hour and at he prices there charging it was not acceptable. The worst thing was that i was bitten by mosquitos or sand fleas. My companion said bed bugs are everywhere in puerto rico but i dont think this was the case. I asked for some off or a spray for the next day at the beach. I was met with blank stairs and directed to go to walgreens up the road. This woud never happen at other ritz carltons. My next trip to puerto rico i will try the new la concha or the el san jaun. I went to there new restauraunt koko and the hotel lobby was very beautiful. Next trip i will bring my own off.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	-1	4	2	3	

<Author>janesk
<Content>Nice Hotel, but pricey We stayed 3 nights and really liked the hotel. The room was very comfortable and clean. View wasn't that good. We were on the second floor and had nice look of the parking lot of the building next door.Beach was very nice. Not too crowded and with hammocks and chairs to lay on the beach. The airport noise was not a problem. Late in the afternoon a few planes would fly near, but not often enough to be an issue.The pool did seem a bit crowded on Sunday. It was better the other two days. The setting was nice overall.A big issue for us was the 15% facility fee. We can't comprehend why they just don't include it in the room rate. Leaves a bad taste in your mouth after a nice stay. I feel it's sneaky on their part.The location was good if you just plan to rest and lay on the beach/pool, as the beach is good in Isla Verde. If you plan to go to Old San Juan more than a couple of times then it's better to get a hotel that is closer as cabs can be expensive.Overall, we like the hotel but feel that it might not have been worth the price. If you're going on a corporate expense account, then it's definitely the place to stay.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	2	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MattnKel402
<Content>Nice Stay, slightly over rated My husband and I split our time between the Ritz and the Marriott on our trip to Puerto Rico. We were prepared to be pampered at the Ritz, but our experience was average. I absolutely felt that the RC paid special attention to the older guests, and my husband and I are in our mid 20's. We were asked to wait several times while they helped other quests for example while making dinner reservations. Sure this wasn't the end of the world, its just not why you pay for the Ritz. There was also a fire drill, which apparently we should have been warned about via a letter in our room, but we were not. So my husband and I evacuated via stairs to the exterior of the hotel, and we were some of the only guests in our pajamas trying to evacuate! Its a funny story now, but was very embarrassing then. Our most recent trip was to Hawaii where we experienced an earth quake, so I don't take alarms lightly. Had they remembered to put the letter in our room, we wouldn't have panicked. On the beach, the attendants were wonderful. I love to be in the sun, and he loves the shade, so they always set up an umbrella nearby for him. I highly recommend lunch on the beach, delivered to your chairs! Much of the pool stays shaded during parts of the day, so the beach was the better bet.Other service was so-so. No one seemed to know what dinner recommendations to make, and our maid never restocked our bathroom properly, despite the supposed twice a day service. Overall, we were prepared to pay more at the Ritz, but didn't really feel like we got more. Feel free to contact me for details.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	2	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>ontheroadlandairsea
<Content>To Ritz or not to Ritz For those going to Puerto Rico, dont get caught up in the name Ritz Carlton. This hotel while cute, is very stressful. Most of the staff is amazing, great people, but those who are in charge do not have great customer service skills. Package perks that were part of a Ritz Carlton promotion were lost then found after waiting to speak to a manager. The onsite tour group at the hotel never booked our tour for us and left us out out to dry. The concierge could have cared less about our issue and made us feel like we did not matter at all.The waitstaff at the onsite restaurants were wonderful, very nice, charming once you treat them like humans, not the standard disrespect from most tourists. They were the best part of the hotel, without them this place would be nothing. The beach is nothing special unless you like to be crammed together like cattle and have a stranger placed right next to youOf course the management will say they are constantly working to improve service and they should! vacations are to remove stress not to cause it....The Ritz Carlton? at this location, it is only a name. If you have the money to spend, try another spot.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	5	-1	

<Author>jcsjs
<Content>Great Service, Abundant Food, But Major Attitude of The Guests First, I would like to state that this property borders the San Juan Airport. IT's not a big issue, but anyone researching this property MUST know this, as there is no chance that you won't hear the planes landing and taking off all day. The rooms were quite nice, with comfy beds, a great flat screen TV, luxurious furnishings in the bathroom, and plenty of storage space. The beach is okay. By okay, I mean that you shouldn't expect the beautiful Caribbean turquoise beaches of a coral reef island, like Grand Cayman. In fact, one of the massage therapist's quote to me was this beach is literally the ugliest on the island of Puerto Rico. That said, the beach is still clean, and the wait staff brings drinks and/or food to the chaise lounges they set up for you. Also, the pool scene is quite nice, as well.Now for the issues. I will also start with stating that I am from NYC, and have lived here for years. This hotel seems to attract a large number of NY'ers, most likely because, like me, it's an easy trip given the 3.5 hour flight and closeness to the airport. There is an arrogance and sense of entitlement of many of the guests at this hotel. I find it particularly intrusive to my stay. I heard more people kvetching about the most superfluous things - why isn't there any lemon to put in my water? was my favorite. The pool scene is completely replete with attitude attitude attitude. Not attitude from the staff, but from the guests. While it is probably unfair to penalize a property for its guests, I think that anyone planning to drop 3K or more for a stay, here ,should be prepared for the clientele it attracts.I would go back for a short getaway in winter. However, I wouldn't stay longer.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NewYorkMai
<Content>Ritz Carlton... it is NOT! I selected the SJ Ritz Carlton for a special destination birthday present for my 13 year old niece during Winter recess.What a disappointment! Upon arrival notified by front desk that the hotel had over-booked for our dates.Ocean view with balcony ( reserved in November)not available. Front desk young and inexperienced. Much time and energy was wasted in securing alternate room through upper management. Offered drinks at front desk and waiter returned 10 minutes later and told us no  blender drinks ..broken! Many guests milling about lobby equally dissatisfied with check in.Public areas are attractive but restaurants are extremely over priced and food is very mediocre. Pool was murky. Young diapered children playing in fountain.Actually followed parents from beach area who instructed children to jump in pool and clean-off sand! Over-all Staffing seemed very limited.Staff should have been posted at pool access to avoid such an incident, and to clean tiled area. Service for drinks and food on beach was limited and very slow.Birthday cake was delivered as requested, a plus!. Good opportunity to teach niece about how to negotiate in a polite but firm manner. This hotel does not earn the Ritz Carlton logo, in my opinion.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Tokalosh
<Content>Lives up to its name My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights while attending a medical conference at this resort.We chose the concierge package which for an additional $139 per night gives you access to the concierge lounge. This lounge provides small meals ( up market and high quality ), wine and other alcohol, coffee and tea from 7am until 11pm daily. Also concierge service and internet access. We used this lounge a lot and felt it was worth the money.The property is well located ( close to the airport ) on a beautiful stretch of beach. Great large pool with plenty of shade and seating.Also lots of shade and chairs on the beach. No need to rise at the crack of dawn to reserve a space.Staff are extremely accommodating and can't do enough to please.Accommodations are what one would expect from this chain: very comfortable and quiet.Gardens around the pool are truly spectacular.Great restaurants in Old San Juan.Would definitely return  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>flipper16
<Content>Problems at the Ritz Just returned from the Ritz and we were very disappointed. We stayed at the Ritz in St Thomas in December and were very happy with our experience. When our friends suggested a short vacation in San Juan I convinced everyone to stay at the Ritz. Each couple booked an Ocean View King Club Room. We each made a large deposit and had our confirmations. Upon arriving each of us was informed that there were no Ocean Club Rooms available. Everyone had an awful experience but I will tell you just about mine. Instead of spending our first afternoon on the beach we had to argue with the front desk about getting an accomodation. My husband and I are both attorneys and we were hoping that this would be a relaxing vacation with no arguments! The front desk finally offered us a junior suite facing the Airport with Club privileges. Their junior suite is actually just a slightly larger room with a bigger bathroom than their regular rooms. It books for a lesser rate than the Ocean View Club rooms. We decided to accept the room and try to relax for the rest of our trip. The next night at 11:00pm the front desk tracked us down in the Club Room Lounge to tell us that we had to move from our 9th floor room to the 4th floor in a dingy room overlooking a roof and above a noisy party room. The reason they gave us was that our 9th floor room was a connecting room and they needed it for a family arriving the next day. Needless to say we were very upset and returned to our room to discuss our options--such as moving to the El San Juan. That's when we realized that our room was NOT a connecting room! The front desk had deliberately lied to us. When we confronted them about their lie--they backed down and told us to keep the room. When we finally checked out at the end of our very stressful stay we discovered that the Ritz had billed us the higher rate of the Ocean View Club room which we never got! In fairness I have to say that they have promised to change our bill and to make an accomodation for our troubles, however, we are still waiting to see that happen. The unacceptable booking problems at this Ritz are a terrible shame. We were not the only group that had problems with their room bookings; it seemed that the Ritz had grossly overbooked their higher level rooms. The Club Lounge and Club staff are wonderful and the pool and beach are lovely. However, the stress one has to endure due to the total incompetance of the front desk was not worth the trouble of our staying there.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	3	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>janmac555
<Content>Dine at BLT Steak  My wife and I had the pleasure of dining at BLT Steak on Valentine's Day. The cuisine was great, but it was our server, Joel, and his staff that made it one of the most pleasurable dining experiences ever! So much so, that we returned on our final night.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>valpink
<Content>Best Overall Place to stay in San Juan       huge bathroom  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Farah_02
<Content>Wonderful Honeymoon My husband and I stayed here for our honeymoon and had a fabulous experience. We elected to stay in the standard room to save some money and we were pleasantly surprised at how spacious it was. We had a wonderful view of pool/beach from our window, a beautiful marble bathroom, 42 flat screen tv,luxurious bedding, and it couldn't be cleaner (I'm a neat freak so this was really important). We mentioned that it was our honeymoon so they upgraded our room from garden to ocean view and of course, there was a bottle of champagne waiting for us. The pool area was beautiful and servers rounded frequently for drink/food orders. The raspberry lemonade daiquiri was addicting. They'll set up the cushioned chaise lounge chairs on the beach if you prefer to be by the ocean. Breakfast and lunch are very expensive here so we walked down the street every morning for breakfast to a cute little cafe (can't remember the name but it had a coffee and gelato bar. Take a right when you leave the hotel main entrance, maybe a five minute walk. Has outside seating and booths inside) and had lunch at various spots on the beach. Dinner was good at their restaurant, but again, overpriced. Go to Old San Juan for dinner. Very easy to get a cab outside hotel or the bus stop is 7 minute walk. I believe the casino is slots only. Not a big gambler so we didn't spend any time in there. Staff are very friendly and helpful, especially the concierge who made recommendations and reservations for us daily for dinner in old san juan, rental cars, and excursions.I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ChoosyTraveler
<Content>Great Food  We were here for a company retreat and would not have usually chosen this type of location for a vacation. We typically prefer beaches that are less commercial and built-up. However, if you are visiting San Juan for business or to see family, then this would be a nice place to stay. The Positives:The food and service were very good. They handled our large group well. I have stayed at many Ritz Carlton properties before and these aspects of our stay definitely lived up to Ritz standards. The Negatives:Yes the rooms are luxurious, well kept and clean, and have all the amenities of a 5 star hotel, however, they do not make you feel like you are at the beach. These rooms are decorated as if they could be practically anywhere and don't open-up to nature. It seems that Ritz Carltons tend to do this while Four Seasons usually make their properties fit with the environment and location better. Although in this setting (a built-up beach) there isn't really anything to open-up to. The Ritz definitely feels more like a hotel rather than a resort so it depends on what you are looking for.Overall, a good place for a company retreat or convention, but not a place for a caribbean vacation.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>patsea2
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Ritz. Just got back from a wonderful stay. The staff were very nice and accommodating. We loved the beach and the pool. We had a beautiful room overlooking the ocean. We stayed on the club level and really enjoyed the hospitality of the staff. We even watch the superbowl out by the beach at the Ocean Grill. Enjoyed dining at the restaurant Il Mulino and visiting the casino after dinner. We will definitely be back.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tortuga74
<Content>Repeat guest, will return again My first visit to this resort was July 2006, and just three days after my boyfriend and I returned to New York, we booked another trip for September! We absolutely couldn't wait to get back! We returned for another trip in May 2007, and yet again in August 2007, for no reason simply other than to escape NYC and relax at the beautiful beach at the hotel (and to scratch our gambling itch at the hotel casino). As soon as we wake up in the morning, we head to the beach, where we stay for most of the day, ordering cocktails and lunch to eat by the ocean. In the evening we take a taxi to Old San Juan to try a local restaurant for dinner and look out over the fort before the sun goes down.Aside from the beautiful location of the hotel on the beach and the relaxing atmosphere, one of the reasons we keep coming back is the generous and consistent hospitality offered by the staff. They really do their best to make you feel welcome. On our fourth visit, we arrived early in the day and not only was our room ready for us to check into at noon, but we were also upgraded to an oceanfront room. My only complaint is that the continental breakfast at $18 is overpriced for what ends up being a bagel and a few slices of fruit. Lunch at the poolside bar is not cheap, but is of better value than the hotel breakfast. When my two best girlfriends and I decided to get away for a bachelorette weekend before their weddings, I could not think of a more perfect place than the Ritz in San Juan. I am looking forward to our trip (and my fifth visit) this spring!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dibyo
<Content>Awesome hotel This is one of the best hotels I have ever liven in. We went there for our Puerto Rico leg of the honeymoon and the service the staff and the rooms were excellent. The private beach is awesome with the bar right next to it. I strongly recommend the steak at the restaurant along with their excellent collection of red wines.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>NJKen
<Content>Okay, but not your typical Ritz-carlton I was attending a 50th birthday celebration of a close friend at the Ritz-Carlton San Juan over a long weekend. The hotel is very close to the airport, with a $10.00 cab fare, this would be a great hotel if you had to over-night in San Juan for an airline connection. Arrival at the hotel was very typical of a Ritz-Carlton, a friendly greeting, assistance with luggage and a prompt escort to the reception desk. Front desk staff very helpful, but they do try and upgrade you away from their city view rooms, which are honestly a view of the tacky apartment building next door. We paid about $500.00 per night on a package rate (arranged by the host of the party and did include taxes), but were not interested in spending more money for a pool view (which I always find to be loud anyway). The room: Not your typical Ritz-Carlton resort room. The room was strangely very Marriott (I know, they're owned by Marriott), and didn't have many of those special touches that you come to expect at R.C. The bathroom was very R.C. with plenty of towels, mirrors, etc. All-in-all the room was very plain and not very luxurious at all.We went to Mares restaurant and sat in the outside open air portion of the restaurant (close to the pool) to get a quick bite to eat after our flight. After about 15 minutes, we were finally brought menus. We ordered two cocktails, one Cobb Salad and one order of fish tacos. Another 15 minutes went by, drinks finally arrived and soon afterwards, our lunch. Two more gin and tonics later, the bill arrived. Trust me, you'll want the extra cocktails here, because the bill total was $87.00. Okay, it's an island and things need to be imported, but salad and tacos? We almost had to leave without paying because there was no one to pick up the check and credit card after 25 minutes. You are NOT paying for service at Mare's. Also, breakfast here gives new meaning to an eye opener, beacuse a buffet will set you back $67.00 for two. Two gin and tonics poolside? That's $26.00 please. I was starting to think I may have been better of just sending an expesive gift to the birthday girl and called it a day.....I also hate the standard 10% resort fee that EVERY resort seems to change these days, but you will also find a $2.00 maid fee for each night also thoughtfully included in your final bill. Each day our rooms were not freshened until way after 3:00pm, I wonder if the fee was $4.00, would you receive better service? The bottom line is that the resort is nice, but service very flawed. If you're used to the R.C. in Naples, Amelia Island, Cayman Islands or Palm Beach (all of which I have been to), you will be very dissapointed in this resort. You are simply nickel and dimed for services that any of the above mentioned R.C. would provide, not only free of charge, but without hesitation, knowing that the cost of your room is the fee you pay for an outstanding experience. Ritz-Carlton hotels are without a doubt, some of the best resorts on the planet, sadly San Juan seems to be in a world of it's own.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>tsilertn
<Content>Good, not Great. 4-Stars (out of 5) We just returned from our long-weekend to San Juan. We had a great time and the Ritz was nice. Since I had read a lot of posts prior to my trip, I tried to keep mental notes during my trip so I could provide up to minute information about the property and its offerings. First of all, I have been lucky to be spoiled by other Ritz properties (along with other luxury hotel chains) in other cities. So I like to think that I have a decent sampling of properties in order to judge this hotel. Also, I spend some time each year in Las Vegas, so I have pretty good knowledge of casinos. So here it goes....The Ritz is right by the airport. So it is nice when you are on a limited sun budget that you can roll right off the tarmac and into a chaise lounge. It cost 3 people $12(total) to take a taxi from the airport. You do not hail a taxi at the airport, there are people that will be wearing bright orange polo shirts who will call a taxi for you. They will ask your destination and tell you the cost. This was a little confusing but ended up being a nice little service. Just look for the little desk and the orange shirts.The property is smallish but impressive with a nice fountain and large entrance. It is about 100-200 yards off of a main intersection. But traffic noise and the such is never a problem. Check- in is nice and the room was ready for us upon our arrival. We were in Room 433 and had a view of a neighboring buliding. (I did not request anything special) and wanted an economy rate. So we were not disappointed with the room's view. The room was clean. The age of the hotel shows a bit through some very small signs of wear and tear but overall okay. No real complaints with the room, our safe did not work, but that was about it. The room has a nice (40 or thereabouts) flat screen television with normal US cable programming.I had communicatied to the Ritz via email that it was our 10th Wedding anniversary and upon arrival to the room, there was a delicious chocolate dessert awating us with HAPPY ANNIVERSARY written in chocolate across the plate. Very nice!Housekeeping was very good with morning and turndown service daily. The maids were all very friendly and stayed busy. The casino is sub-par. On Vegas standards, this casino would not make it a day, but since it is one of the few on the island it gets business. It is very small despite the fact that it is touted as the largest in the caribbean. Whoover came up with that fact must not think the the Atlantis is in the caribbean. Anyway, the casino is amusing with $5 craps, $2 roulette and a number of blackjack, Let It Ride, and Stud Poker tables. Most of the machines are penny and nickel slots so if you are a big limit player, this is not your place. The casino, like all casinos on the island are non-smoking and there are no bottles allowed in the casino. All beers are served in plastic cups. One night we ventured down to the El San Juan. It is a five minute walk from door to door. This casino is much more lively and the enviornment is like a happening night club. There is a Texas style bbq restaurant on the top of El San Juan that is a nice place to grab a drink and look out over the city and airport. I would recommend the El San Juan casino for the more demanding gambler or for the younger crowd looking for a party atmosphere. It was fun. The Italian restaurant La Piccola Fontana, or something like that, was very good.It seems that the pool at the Ritz is the main attraction with less interest in the beach. We did both and liked them both. I guess I favored the pool a little more just as it was easy to roll out of the chair and cool off in the crystal clear pool waters. The beach is not a postcard beach of the caribbean. The sand is not white and fluffy and the water is greenish not the sparkling blue that you may dream about. But the beach is a little less crowded and a place where a group of 4 could all sit together. A quick tip is to get out to the pool early for the best seating. The best pool chairs, for all-day sun ,are near the entrance to the beach with your chairs facing the hotel. Get the chairs closest to the pool and you will cook all day long. Its nice. Watch out for the iguanas that may take a dip in the pool on hot days. they are really cool and great fodder for your camara.Either place the drink service is a bit slow. A few times we would get up and walk to the outside bar to get our drinks. Regardless the drinks are extremely expensive. While I was not surprised by the cost b/c other travelers had warned me, it adds up fast at 6.50 for a beer and 13.00+ for a fruity drink. Because of the cost, the slower service, and my thirst, I walked down to a grocery store , Fresh Food, that is across from the entrance to the Intercontinental (about 10 minutes) and bought beers by the six pack. A case of 10 oz cans of Coors Light was still over $30, but what a savings. I had stashed a soft cooler in my luggage and just filled it up with beer and ice from the ice machine and voila! Noone seem surprised or said anything to me while I cracked open a beer by the pool but I did not draw attention to myself by pouring the beer into a Ritz cup. I think a few other travelers were envious of my lower cost solution. By the way, if you are a beer drinker, try the Medalla. Its the home brew of PR and is very, very good. You can also easily find Coors Light, Miller Light, Corona, and Heineken. Presidente is also a very good Pilsner from the Dominican Republic. Try it!Whoever said that they could not hear the planes from the airport must have been totally deaf, or they never stepped foot outside. You can hear the planes taking off all of the time. But it really was not that big of a deal. You cannot hear anything from inside the property. We tried and loved BLT in the Ritz. This is a steakhouse chain out of New York and is kind of trendy/upscale. My group of four sat at the bar and ordered dinner. We had a blast!!! Melissa, Roberto, and another bartender whose name i forgot, were awesome. The food was very good and the portions are big enough to split. My wife and I split a filet and were satisifed. I also liked the Wedge(salad), the mashed potatoes, and the spinach. Their appetizers are also excellent with many fresh treats like King Crab claws, Oysters, and shrimp. It is expensive, especially if you are drinking alcohol. But everywhere in the tourist areas will be that way. We really liked this place.One other excursion was a trip to the parrot club in Old San Juan. It is on Fortelza street which has a lot of places for bar hopping. The P-club is touristy. The food is pretty good but the service is painstakingly slow. I am a good, paitient diner, but at one point I got up to ask our server if something was the matter (I thought he had forgotten about us). I would suggest that you hit somewhere else. Marmalade is right up the street and is a cool lounge with a funky atmosphere. We would probably go back there instead. The cab from the ritz to Old San Juan was about $20-$25 for 4 people. Cabs are abundant at all times in the tourist areas.Overall, the people of San Juan are what made the trip. The servers, beach employees, and staff all seem young and happy. They are truly glad that you are there. Everyone is kind and helpful. That is one thing that PR has going for it over some of the other islands I have been. There is noone there trying to hustle you and just about everyone speaks perfect american English. The Ritz has a lot going for it and we liked it. It is not a place that we would recommend for a final destination for a long vacation but if you are looking for a quick get-away and can spend a little extra cash, then this may be a good spot. If you are planning a trip that takes you through Puerto Rico then this would be a good spot for an add-on day.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kidsandcats
<Content>A very relaxing time My husband and I just got back from the Ritz Carlton in San Juan and we had a great time. I alerted the hotel that we would be there on a second honeymoon and they were gracious enough to give us champagne when we arrived, a very nice, large room and a complimentary dessert from room service. The staff were very friendly and nice, we especially enjoyed the waiters at Il Mulino they just kept bringing food and suggesting the best things to order. The food was great in all the restaurants but we preferred Il Mulino above the rest. Our purpose for this trip was to relax and boy did we! We laid out by the pool every day and even got some spa treatments. We both had the body exfoliation which was soothing and done very well and my husband had a stone massage which he enjoyed throughly. The hotel and grounds are very nice and well appointed. The pool and beach attendants are always picking up towels from unoccupied lounge chairs so that you have a better chance of getting a chair when its busy. We really enjoyed our stay and would return to this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sbmom7764
<Content>Great vacation!!!! We recently cam back from a vacation at the Ritz that was absolutely fabulous! I cannot remember being so relaxed for a long time. We stayed in a club floor room, which was WELL worth it! The concierge staff on the club floor are excellent--very friendly, accomodating and attentive--they were truly amazing. And the food that is offered in the club is wonderful, there was always a plentiful display of all sorts of great meals up there and the wine and drinks flowed freely all evening. It was a great place to grab some peaceful time out of the sun or do work on the computer (free wifi). Kudos to the Ritz on a club lounge that is well staffed and well done.The weather while we were in Puerto Rico was perfect. We lucked out as the day we left it was rainy...but we had 7 days of pure sunshine, usually no clouds in the sky and a wonderful ocean breeze on the beach. The staff at the pool and beach were very helpful in setting up chairs and umbrellas wherever you wished when you asked. The first day I just asked for towels and found my own seats but I quickly caught on that you need to ask to have them set up your chairs and then you get vip treatment. The pool wasnt heated and could be quite cool in the am, but heated up by afternoon and was very refreshing. The beach here is BEAUTIFUL--I had never been and was very impressed with the fine white sand and cleanliness and the beautiful waves. One of the best assets of the entire hotel is BLT Steak--this restaurant is SUPERB! WE ate here 4 times in one week and had fabulous meals every time! They have a great bar area--the service was immpeccable and the food fantastic. Cannot recommend it enough.Also, this hotel is within walking distance of other hotels that also have casinos and restaurants (el san juan and intercontinental are 5 minute walk) and some other little restaurants that are casual...so there are options to explore. It is also an easy cabride into Old San Juan for dinner or sightseeing (20 minutes)...dont miss the forts!The fact that this hotel is so close to the airport is a plus as far as I am concerned. You cannot hear the planes from inside the hotel at all and on the beach once in awhile you hear a plane but not often--there is such a breeze and the waves are so high that it drowns it out. But being able to get to the hotel in 5 minutes and a 13$ cab ride is great! Especially when you are trying to get to the airport the day of departure...you dont have to leave an hour before, you know.My only complaint is with the housekeeping service. Sometimes it was great and sometimes terrible, and I just expect more from a Ritz Carlton. One day they just skipped our room altogether even though we had not been in the room all day--we called and they still didnt come for a long time. The turndown service was also very inconsistent in terms of time and what they would actually do. We had to call another night because they skipped turndown and we needed towels and it still took them a half hour to get towels to us. There is no button on the phone for housekeeping which struck me as strange--you have to go through guest services so I dont know if the chain of communication is very good. Anyway, this is the only area I think they need to work on.So, if you want a peaceful, easy vacation that has an island feel but is easy to get to and you dont need a passport or foreign money...this is a great option!! Cant wait to go back.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>BNSCH
<Content>Lovely Resort-incredible staff We stayed at the Ritz-Carlton San Juan for 2 nights last week. We were celebrating our anniversary. As we checked in, we were congratulated on our anniversary, given a glass of champagne AND given an incredible upgrade to our room- I LOVE THE RITZ!! We had booked a room on the concierge floor, which I would highly recommend. The concierge level offers 5 daily food preparations, and drinks are always available. The room was UNBELIEVABLE (as I mentioned we got an incredible upgrade) and the service was truly top notch. The beach was very nice, as was the pool, and I did not find it too crowded. Plus staff was always making sure you were happy. We ate at Il Mulino for dinner one night, and found it ok--the serving sizes are ridiculously large, which I found unappetizing and the garlic is overwhelming in every dish. To me, what makes this property special is the beauty you would expect from the Ritz, but mostly the staff. You just don't find such attention to detail easily anymore. We will definitely be back.By the way, get a room with an ocean view--it is certainly worth the extra money, and you won't have to deal with the airport noise.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Daisybeee
<Content>One of the most relazing trips yet. . . . I just came back from a long weekend getaway to the Ritz and I have to say it was one of the most relaxing trips that I have ever been on. . . The staff was more than accomodating and was willing and ready to wait on you hand and foot. The restaurants in the hotel were both above average and bordered on perfection. I am already looking into booking a repeat visit.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LoveMyWife
<Content>A Little disappointed My wife and I stayed at the Ritz for two nights before going on to St Barts. Our impression of the hotel, generally, is that it is quite nice, and up to the Ritz standard. We were left somewhat disappointed with our room. We requested, and received, a room on the club level with a balcony overlooking the ocean. The rate was $1900/nt. The problems were as follows: 1) The size of the room was no larger than a standard room. We knew in advance what the rate was, so there is no complaint there. We just thought that for this rate we should have a more substantial amount of space; 2) Our room was infested with ants. Don't ask me why this is not our number one complaint. Nonetheless, it was frustrating. We contacted the hotel who replied, (not joking) What would you like us to do? We asked them to send up an exterminator. They did, however, the ants returned in force; 3) The Ritz charged us a 10% per day resort fee. This meant an additional $190/nt to use the hotel's facilities. This really irked me for some reason. I would rather they simply raised the room rate by an equal amount. Does a family of four staying in a $400/nt room really use 1/5 the facilities that my wife and I used during our two night stay? This just felt like it was unnecessary gouging. I did not complain about this charge, so I do not know what the management's position is on the matter.Now for the really good. Eveybody at this property went out of their way to make us feel welcome. They are truly warm friendly people who took every opportunity to try to please us. We really appreciated their hospitality. The pool area was clean and a great place to fall asleep while my wife was out spending money ( er, sightseeing, I mean). Since we travel through Puerto Rico frequently to get to St Barts, we will be staying here again. We will pay the outrageous 10% resort fee, and we will sleep in a room way too small for $1900/nt. We will even try to beat back the ants - though we wish we didn't have too.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	5	5	3	

<Author>lmom4204
<Content>Favorite Vacation - Can't wait to go back in February!! My family and I stayed at the Ritz last year over Mother's Day weekend and had an amazing vacation. I was pregnant at the time and we had our 3 yr. old daughter with us, so needless to say things could have easily gone awry. But, in fact we had an incredible time. The staff went out of their way for us constantly. In particular they were so accomadating and friendly to my daughter that it really enhanced our experience. She still constantly talks about Gabby, our breakfast waiter in the main restaurant. Which brings me to the subject of food.....we loved all the Restaurants. I have been to Il Mulino in Manhattan several times and I was very impressed by the one at the Ritz. We had the Mother's Day tasting menu; I don't think I've ever eaten so much in my life. The BLT restaurant was also exceptional (the braised shortribs in particular). The rooms were lovely and housekeeping was very attentive. The pool staff was eager to help and the beach was relaxing and very clean. i don't know how people complain about this hotel. We take vacations 2-3 times a year and have been all over the caribbean and this was by far our favorite vacation. My daughter said she loved it even more than Disney World and that certainly speaks volumes. As a matter of fact we just booked a room for this coming February and we're bringing our new baby with us b/c I know I can expect another fantastic vacation.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bizperstraveler
<Content>Loved the San Juan Ritz! I just stayed at the Ritz for 5 nights for a worldwide sales conference and I loved it. The staff was super friendly, the service was amazing and the accomodations were stellar. I did end up with a room that had a great view of a ROOF but other than that everything was great. I would stay there again in a hearbeat and recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to San Juan.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Gimm
<Content>Great The Hotel is great for a quick getaway to the carribean from the northeast. BLT Steak and Il Mulino live up to the quality of their parent operations back home in New York. Yes, the pool can be crowded and it could be bigger, but your five minutes from the airport near a major city. The beach was much better than I expected with a steady ocean breeze that kept it much more comfortable than the pool. After the second day we skipped the breakfest buffet and opted for the single item service in the lobby lounge for a reasonable price. We also skipped the Ocean Grill and opted to walk the short 5 minutes across the street to Metropol for an authentic meal at lunch. Ask for Jessica at the concierge, she was very helpful.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>parisbound
<Content>Romantic        Il Mulino Restaurant  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VAtravels45
<Content>A disappointment I stayed at the Ritz San Juan, December 12-16th 2007 and would not recommend it to friends and family. My room was very small overlooking the parking lot and there were problems with the ventilation and water pressure in the shower. At times, the staff seemed surly with simple requests. For example, the waitress began yelling when Nutella was requested for croissants at the $17.50 continental breakfast. Also, a beach attendant handed me two towels my first day at the beach but when I saw there were no free chairs available he said, you didn't ask for a chair. It seemed like odd behavior for a hotel that prides itself on customer service.After my unsuccessful continental breakfast I ate at the Starbucks located within the El San Juan hotel and casino. The staff was super friendly at both the El San Juan and Hotel Intercontinental. If you have the choice, I would seriously consider those two hotels before staying at the Ritz again.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>dolcevitatravel
<Content>Ritz Carlton San Juan Nice hotel some misses with service Just got back. Spent 1/2 to 1/6 with my wife and 2 kids at the Ritz Carlton San Juan. I'm going to break it down in three sections,Good,Bad and Overall.Good: Very nice hotel, nice rooms (get a balcony not many on property), small but nice casino and great restaurants. Il Mulino (NY) Italian great ate there twice. BLT Steak (NY) great steak and tuna tartare and finally the Thursday night seafood buffet Ritz Carlton Style fantastic. The pool area was very nice,watch out for the 3 huge iguanas that live in the brush near the pool. They don't bother you and they rarley come out plus the kids got a kick out of them.Bad: Housekeeping,left my door open after turn down on the first night. Never cleaned my room on the 2nd night, just forgot to due it. I spoke to the front desk they assured me it wouldn't happen again and asked me when I wanted the room cleaned and turned down they never ever got it right. Not Ritz Carlton Service.Pool service (food and drink) never around yet better on the beach.My son left his new ipod 8gig xmas present on the loung chair one day. we went back down to get it,it was gone. I asked the pool guys they said they hadn't seen it and lost and found had nothing. That was a quick snatch job by someone.Overall: It's the only place to stay in San Juan. It's by far is the best hotel there but lacks that extra Ritz Carlton service.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>hhenkind
<Content>Fun time, despite the weather       Our view of Tropical Storm Olga!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	2	3	5	

<Author>DrGregary
<Content>Ritz Carlton Puerto Rico- The Best Place on EARTH! The Ritz Carlton in Puerto Rico is the best vacation spot on Earth!My family vacationed at the Ritz in December, 2007.....this was out third year in a row at he Ritz and it gets better each time. We loved every minute of it. There were couples, honeymooners, weddings, families, older people and kids. Everyone I spoke with were having the best time and thouroughly enjoying their vacations as well. The service, weather, food,, beach, pool, rooms, casino, spa, tennis, etc were all superb! I can't think of any better place to spend a restful vacation...it is like heaven! In particular, the Front of the House Manager, Ramon Ventura was most helpful at check-in and during our stay. He is a class act as are the rest of the staff. Here are the 10 best reasons to vacation at the Ritz Carlton in Puerto Rico: 1) The hotel rooms are incredible, classy, spacious and spotless with marble bathrooms and up-to-date ammenities like flat screen TV's. I slept like a baby. You need extra towels, soap, etc...they will deliver it in minutes.2) The pool and the beach are spectacular as only a Ritz Carlton resort can deliver. No fighting for comfortable, cushy lounges...there are plenty for everyone. Clean beach, soft sand and warm water. Just ask and they will set you up at the beach or pool with lounges, umbrellas, towels (all included).3) Beautiful spa and tennis courts on the premises....everything is right there. You don't have to walk far for anything, it is so conveniant. The tennis pro is exceptionally nice and a great teacher. If you want to golf, speak with the concierge...they will take care of all your needs. The concierge is extrememly friendly and helpful. 4) Great lunch! Either eat at your lounge at the pool or beach (waiters will take your order and serve you) or eat at the beachside restaurant. There is an extensive breakfast buffet (or a la carte) every morning at Mares restaurant...eat inside or outside. The only negative,,,a couple of times the service was a little slow at breakfast if we ordered a la carte items. Name it and they have it for breakfast. Did I mention free coffee in the lobby every morning,,,,I'm not sure but it tasted like Starbuck's.5)Two new great restaurants at the Ritz direct from New York City- BLT Steak and Il Mullino (Italian). I have eaten at the originals in New York and they are just as good. I can't believe two great restaurants like these are at one Hotel. The food in Puerto Rico is better than any of the other island by far. 6)Spend a day or night in Old San Juan...about 20 minutes away. There is great history, shops and food. Check out Baru, The Parrot Club, Dragonfly, Marmalade and Aquaviva. We have eaten at all of these in the last three years and all are excellent choices.7)Casino- open 24/7 at the Ritz. Clean, free drinks, flatscreen Tv's to watch sports and frindly dealers. Not too big and not too noisy.......just right.8)Service with a smile. Everyone was exremely friendly and helpful including the waiters, concierge, housekeeping service people,etc. You only need to ask and they will help you in any way possible.9) Convinient- the Ritz is only 5 mintues from the airport. We were on the beach by Noon.10)Great Weather! We had sun everyday for three years in a row. It rained a little in the morning one day but was otherwise perfect. I have been told that when it does rain, it usually blows over quickly. I was reluctant to write this review because I didn't want everyone to know just how great the Ritz Carlton in Puerto Rico is.....I want to make sure there is room enough for me when I return next time. Everything you could possibly want is right at the Ritz. Weather it is for a long weekend, week, conference, family vacation, honeymoon, etc..........trust me, you will find no better place to spend it than at the Ritz Carlton in Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kimspokane
<Content>Best hotel experience to date We were at the Ritz five days prior to christmas in a concierge pool view room. Our stay at the Ritz made our subsequent christmas cruise all the more underwhelming. The most impressive part of our stay was the genuine helpful attitude of the staff. Every single staff member that we encountered during our stay made a point of saying good morning and greeting us, often by name.Our two teen daughters were attached to us for the first couple of days. One of the managers, Ramon, took us and our family on a personal tour of areas of the hotel that may be of some interest for our children to hang out. Anticipating the fact that families were traveling together for christmas they set up two large rooms for the kids and teens. One showing christmas movies with bean bag chairs, big screen tv, pop, chips, popcorn machine and an adjoing room set up with play stations, wi games, xbox all with big screen tv's. They had these rooms staffed and the staff gave the kids 1:1 time showing them how to play the games and actually playing with them. LaLa was incredible. She was able to engage our teens and even asked if we wanted her to keep them occupied for a certain amount of time so the adults could have some kid free time. This program was a no cost extra and not part of the kids program. Just one example of how the hotel went to extra lengths to ensure family holiday stays were enjoyable for kids, teens and adults and another example of how the Ritz goes a step beyond. The food was incredible and we are very picky about good food. The food and service in the concierge lounge was a perfect 10. In the afternoons the pool staff delivered complimentary fruit smoothies while we layed in the sun. Food and drinks are expensive but on par with any 4 and five star resort. The grounds are very beautiful. The beach was cleaned daily and there was pleanty of space for chairs, umbrellas, shade or sun. Plane noise was only noticed one afternoon for about 5 min at 2pm on the beach. Must have been a bunch of planes landing or taking off. You can't see them as their path must be away from the Ritz. I walked to the Marriott a ways down the beach one day just to check it out. The plane noise was very noticeable there. The ocean is not the blue blue that you see at the Ritz in St. Thomas or eagle beach in Aruba but it was just right for us and there were pleanty of people swimming. Surf lessons are offered just to the right of the ritz on the beach where the waves have a bigger break. Nightly music was offered in the lobby. Some excellent local music. The spa was not crowded and spa staff very helpful. A couple more examples of service; Our kids wanted to watch a dvd movie in the room. They could not figure out how to get the dvd player to work. My husband called for assistance. I walked into the room and thought there had been some sort of incident. Two uniformed men were in the room to show the kids and my husband how to work the dvd player. The following day one of them called us to see if we were having any further problems or needed any additional help. My daughter was horsing around in the pool and her face met the bottom of the pool causing some scrapes to her nose, forehead and lip. She was embarrassed and immediately wanted to go back to her room. A janitor saw us enter the room with her crying. He was concerned and called for help. Staff responded and two first aid people came up to fix her up and see if I wanted a doctor. Her injuries were to her ego more than face. The staff repeatedly asked me if there was anything they could do to help her feel better, ice cream... and they were genuine. She was embarrassed about being in public and so we ate dinner in the concierge lounge. Wanda went to her mother's house the next day and brought in a large fresh stalk of Aloe Vera plant. She even cut up individual peices and put in a baggie on ice for individual application. This really helped the scrapes heal fast. Even the janitor in the hall asked me how my daughter was doing. My husband usually gets a little stir crazy staying at a resort but he had an excellent relaxing time as well and we did not look forward to leaving for our cruise. The casino offers poker with a $100 buy in no limit bets. He had a lot of fun playing with the locals who were very friendly. We did not leave the resort prior to the cruise. Post cruise we stayed in old san juan which was a lot of fun. We wish we would have seen more of Puerto Rico but now have more exploring to do upon our return. Other guests during our stay were vacationing with family and extended family. It it seemed to me to be a holiday destination vacation for the majority of guests. A good majority of the children were accompanied by a nanny, or more than one attentive nannie and so unruly kids were not running around.The cost of the rooms was much higher due to christmas vacation but I feel that despite the much higher cost, the Ritz was by far the best money and value for our vacation dollar because they delivered exactly the kind of vacation we were looking for. We spent far more on the christmas cruise than we did on the concierge room stay at the Ritz and in retrospect wish we had never left the Ritz.We will definately return to Puerto Rico and stay at the Ritz. When on vacation we typically spend the extra to stay at a four or five star resort. We also typically book a suite. We opted for the concierge level room vs. a suite for this stay. I think the suites ran around 6k per night for holiday stay. Despite the fact that we did not have a balcony or suite we still had the most enjoyable tropical stay that we have had at any resort. This was due to the service. I think when we return we will stay off season when we can afford a suite. The Ritz in St. Thomas and Maui are also great. The service at the San Juan Ritz is what sets this resort apart.My daughter's face and ego have recovered. We returned home last night. We were excited to get home to our own house and beds after 24 hours in flights and airport time. The min. we walked outside the airport to 16 degree temps and snow we all quickly agreed that we wished we were still in Puerto Rico and the Ritz. In fact I'm writing this review in part as task avoidance for the 9 bags of luggage and laundry that is awaiting me in the foyer.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>spn2200
<Content>Great Service and Amenities       Garden Suite Entry  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Manhattanites
<Content>Delightful Christmas stay Our family had a delightful stay at the Ritz over the Christmas holiday. We traveled with an infant and I would like to say that the amenities for a small child were excellent. We worked with the guest services manager via email prior to our stay to ensure we had a crib in the room, and it was ready for us at arrival and was in perfect condition with bedding and bumpers (although we brought our own). And you can't beat the poolside pack and plays! Great touch. The hotel overall was the perfect choice for us - just five minutes from the airport (huge plus when traveling with a baby) - with an amazing pool and easy access to a well-kept beach. There are babysitting services as well although we didn't use them. Hotel is in walking distance to a Walgreens and other stores if you need snacks, prescriptions, baby supplies or food, sunscreen, etc. The food at the resort is very good, and we are picky picky eaters! Due to the operating hours, we ate at Mares, lobby lounge and the Ocean Bar only; all were great. Room service though was our favorite - loved the seafood pasta and banana trifle so much we ordered it for three nights! Overall, service was outstanding, and we really appreciated the warm smiles and helpful attitudes even on Christmas Day when I'm sure the staff would have preferred not to be working. We have stayed at several Ritz properties over the years and this property certainly lives up to the reputation. My only suggestions (very minor) would be to put in a railing on the stepped entrance to the beach (a little slippery, especially when carrying baby), offering more local spices/coffee/artscrafts for sale in the gift shop, and expanding the hours of BLT and Il Mulino (starting dinner times of 6 pm were too hard with the baby - would have loved a 5 pm dinner or a more casual lunch option so we could try those places). We would definitely recommend this hotel for a quick stay in Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelproEssex
<Content>Did not live up to the reputation Like many hotels in the Caribbean this is aimed at the US market both corporate and personal and although we are from the UK we have travelled extensively in the States, Caribbean, Europe and the Middle East. The booking was made by our good friends who live in Florida and who were travelling with us, having experienced an excellent 7 day cruise with Royal Caribbean on Serenade of the Seas.We wanted to stay for 4 days ashore before flying back to the UK and as the cruise ended in San Juan our pals booked the Ritz Carlton assuring us that we would be mightily impressed with the service and facilities, but that did not quite work out.The room and the room service was fine - we particularly liked the tea and coffee box in the room which allowed us to please ourselves when and how we started and finished a day. The rooms (and even the building) seemed dated although this did not affect the stay and of course there is only so much you can do to modernise a hotel before you have to start again!The pool was fine however unless it was toward the end of the day when most people had left we had to chase waiters to get a poolside drink as they only made very rare trips poolside and usually only if someone (often me) had walked to the pool bar/restaurant to order drinks in the first place. This seemd odd as there were plenty of staff in, around and by the bar chatting and joking while a handful of guests had chosen to eat/drink there.Beach was fine but I don't like the concept of various surfboards/rafts/dinghys etc being included in our 'resort fee' when we did not want to use them. The restaurants were all good although the Steak restaurant by the casino was very confused. We were shown to our table and my wife requested a cushion as she is only 5 ft tall and her seat was too low to be comfortable when eating. The head waiter said that they had none and he was sorry so I suggested one be obtained from the nearby lobby/lounge but I was ignored. So i fetched one myself and explained that it really did not take much and I was surprised that no-one was prepared to do this for me. Shoulders were shrugged and it seemed that I had asked for the impossible.By this time our table had been descended upon by what seemed like a dozen people to bring us water, bread, canapes, menus, wine lists, specials, olive oil  balsamic vinegar and so on. By this time we had to remove the table decorations to get it all on the table - no, seriously!When the food was served the portions were simply immense and one meal could have fed us all. I am used to large portions in the States and her islands but this was ridiculous and I felt embarrased at the waste. The cost was $600 for the 4 of us and we had just a starter and main - no dessert. The wine we ordered was not expensive and by experience we all thought that it was unduly expensive and could have cost much less with reduced portions.The other 2 restaurants were far more sensible and overall we enjoyed the experience very much. In my opinion the hotel could do with another bar where there is more seating and perhaps a pianist as the lobby bar is a little impersonal and usually full of conference delegates. The bill for 4 days was over $3,200 and we ate in Old San Juan one night.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ekirkhuang
<Content>Loved the Ritz Decided to take a quick pre Christmas trip to Puerto Rico looking for warmth ease of travel and accessibility with the family. Ritz was suggested by a family friend because of its proximity to the airport. Overall a delightful stay with a great ocean view room w two double beds, Staff service food overall quite good and the rooms quite nice and comfortable. Prefer ocean view certainly to city or pool view and no balcony available for two double beds but would recc a balcony if only king bed requested. We rented a car at the airport and the major challenge is getting in the correct lanes to enter the hotel. Probably we got it on the third try and the car is handy if you intend to play golf frequently ( nothing on site) or head to Old San Juan. Otherwise no car needed if you wish to eat and veg out on site. Food was good and service impeccable by the pool or restaurants. We also used the restaurants at the nearby San Juan hotel and resort which also were quite good Nothing is cheap. Self parking is convenient once you figure out where to get your ticket validated and once you figure out how to use the toll lanes if you dont read Spanish. . People were quite service oriented and no complaints whatsoever. Had a tub that would not drain well and they repaired it around 800pm while we were dining without any delay. Also they communicated in writing to us regarding a inroom bar change along with a fire drill just to keep us informed. All in all a great stay. The only challenge is for habitual golfers like myself who had to trek 30-40 mins by car each way to courses along the east coast. (played at Coco Beach Country Club which had some nice courses and an accommodating course manager who made some adjustments given the recent rains and some course adjustments) Nevertheless the trip out there gave the family an excuse to visit the rain forest and we also looked at the remodeled rooms of the El Conquistador . While they do not meet the service performance of the Ritz the newly remodeled rooms are a major improvement over their old digs. ultramodern and a bit hip ( white throughout) it is distinctly different feel from the Ritz and pretty far out ( 1 hour at least from the airpor and dont expect to come into town and dont rent a car) cheersekhpotomac maryland  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>heroek
<Content>Lovely lovely lovely I am a very picky traveler and a neat freak. I have also stayed in a few nice hotels so feel I am discriminating. The Ritz in San Juan was just lovely. The service was impeccible, from the moment we stepped onto the property. They offered us ice cold bottles of water at reception and were eager to make us comfortable. The room was very spacious and tidy with flat screen TV. Food excellent all around - we dined at the poolside restaurant and BLT SteakHouse. Of course it wasn't perfect but relatively speaking, the ratio of perfect to not perfect was insignificant (room 432 has tub stopper issues and bed is just slighty lumpy if still comfortable). Yes, the drinks and food are expensive but the quality is outstanding. Go to Denny's down the street if you want it on the cheap. The concierge at the Ritz is happy, happy to recommend other, less pricely restaurants and they have a huge book of menus at the desk for restaurants around the city. But the BLT Steakhouse was phenomental and if you think about what you spend on cab fare it isn't that much (I had a Kobe beef cheeseburger for $22 that included pre-dinner bread and rosemary infused french fries). Our room looked out over the pool and we could hear the Coqui frogs (I say they were piped in, hubbie says it was real).The pool is great and you can walk out straight to the beach. Perfect caribbean exprierience. Given that Embassy Suites, Marriott, Hilton, Intercontinental are charging as much as the Ritz, this is a great deal. If you have any problems at the hotel, the RItz, I am sure would be ready to fix them. Oh, and this is super convienent. FIve minutes from airport (no, I couldn't hear the planes in my room) and cabs are at the ready for a 10 min ride to old San Juan or cruise ship piers. Kodos to the Ritz!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>suzieboston
<Content>Excellent, personalized service is this hotel's best asset. I stayed here with my husband for four days prior to a cruise, followed by another two days, as part of our honeymoon. Prior to the cruise, we stayed in a club level room. After that, we stayed in a regular room, so we were able to compare those experiences.Check-in. For our first check-in, we were greeted with congratulations and glasses of champagne, a very nice touch (we also came back to a bottle of champagne in the room that night). During both check-ins, we were first greeted by a bellhop who took our luggage, welcomed us warmly, and offered us bottled water. Check-in itself was easy both times. We noticed during each check-in that there were people complaining that they could not check in as early as 12:30 or 1PM. The hotel's official check-in time is 4PM, and they do try to allow early check-in when possible. I was impressed that the front desk staff handled these demanding guests professionally.Rooms: Our club level and regular rooms were identical (you don't get a better room by going with the club level). The size and decor are nothing spectacular, and not unlike those I've seen in some nice 3-star hotels (except for the Frette linens). They were clean. There was a bit of a musty odor, which is not surprising for the humid environment. The beds and pillows were very comfortable and made up nicely. Housekeeping comes twice a day (in the evening this included turn-down, replenishing towels and straightening up the room). The TV is a flat screen. There were, robes, plenty of Bulgari toiletries, and a good hair dryer in the bathroom. Service: The service throughout the hotel was fantastic. The rooms at this hotel aren't all that special, but the service is 5-star. You will often be greeted by name. All of our requests were taken care of. Room service was on time and exactly as ordered. The coffee is great. I like that each department in this hotel asks what other kinds of services you need. For example, when you call room service at night for coffee the next day, they ask if you need a wake-up call. If you set up a wake-up call, they ask if you want room service for breakfast. Club Level: Club level cost about $200 extra per night during our trip. Because room service, hotel food, and drinks are quite costly, $200 for us to have access to the club lounge was well worth it. Brandon, the concierge, was absolutely incredible, as were Wanda and the rest of the club level staff. He took great care of us, and the personalized service was really nice. It's good to have a place right on the same floor as your room to get good coffee, read the paper, check email, and, of course, drink and snack at five daily food presentations. We met a lot of great people in the club lounge, too.The Beach and Pool: Well-manicured. The pool was clean. There were enough chairs and umbrellas to go around, and the staff take care of setting you up with chairs and towels. The beach was average--not perfectly white sand and clear water, but nice. They also have hammocks. We took a Hobie Cat ride (included in the resort fee) with their captain, and that was a lot of fun. They have bartenders that come around to get drink orders, plus staff that offer cold towels and small cups of lemon ice when it's hot out. I found the experience of hanging out by the pool and beach very relaxing and stress-free.The Spa: We did not get any treatments, but did use the indoor whirlpool and sauna, which were great. Other reviewers mentioned staff coming in and out of the area. We only saw one staffer come in to make sure we had what we needed and throw water on the coals. The locker-rooms are very clean, well-stocked with towels and toiletries, and the attendant is nice.The Gym: Small, crowded before dinnertime, but fine.The lobby: Fairly small and understated compared with the Vegas-style El San Juan nearby, but hopping on weekends with Latin music and dancing. Attentive bartenders. Drinks are steep--$14-$16 for mojitos. Casino: Typical of San Juan. Fairly small. Plenty of low-stakes machines and tables for gambling wimps like me.BLT Steak: Excellent food and service. The best bartenders anywhere. Check-out: Very easy.A note on the crazy mini-bar lady: A prior reviewer's comment that the mini-bar lady is obnoxious did ring true! She barged in immediately after knocking, and did this to another guest that we met. She did this to me after I told her less than an hour earlier that we did not need her services. Ask for a Do Not Disturb sign upon check-in. The staff will honor this the entire time and no one will knock; this is the best defense! (In case hotel staff read this, we actually met two mini-bar people. Only one was actually intrusive.)Other reviewers have commented that this property does not live up to the Ritz name. In terms of service, staff got it right and went above and beyond to make us happy. I can see how some might not feel the rooms are posh enough, but then the price for standard rooms ($239) was actually very reasonable. We'll stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>jroman
<Content>Just what we were hoping for My husband and I just returned from a 3 night getaway at the Ritz San Juan. The entire experience, from the staff to the free-flowing champagne in the Club Lounge made our trip memorable and incredibly relaxing. The entire staff was simply wonderful - accomodating, friendly and very professional. I decided to indulge in a hour long massage (with Freddie) and though it was incredibly expensive, it was worth every penny. I have had many massages over the years...but Freddie really did an outstanding job. If you do decide stay at the Ritz, we suggest staying on the Concierge level. The quality and accessibility of food and beverages is amazing. The experience is perfect if you are looking for an easy (and delicious) vacation.My husband and I have stayed at many 5 star hotels and we think the Ritz really knows how to make an impression. It's all in the friendly service and fine details. Our only suggestion would be to have a few more staff on the beach to take drink/food requests.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pal1
<Content>Outstanding service, good amenities, but average-quality facility I chose the Ritz-Carlton San Juan because it wasn't much more expensive than other nice hotels in the area. I thought I was getting a bargain, but as it turned out, it wasn't the ritzy experience that I expected (which probably explains the price). The service was outstanding; however, the room itself was average. There were dirty glasses in the room when we checked in, the door was very difficult to shut (the door trim was misaligned), the bathroom lighting was very dim, the water pressure in the shower was very weak, and the beds were soft and lumpy. Room service was offered 24 hours a day - but the selection was very limited. We stayed for 3 nights, and had housekeeping service on the second day. We had used one of the glasses for coffee, and noticed that they simply rinsed it and put it back in its original place, rather than replacing the glass!The safe was an odd shape - tall but not very deep. It reminded me of a bathroom medicine cabinet without shelves. So, we had to stack things carefully and close the door quickly, before everything toppled out of it. On a more positive note, the complimentary bottled water was a nice touch - very convenient. And the restaurants were pretty good.As a side note, I assumed that there wouldn't be many small children staying at the Ritz, but I was mistaken.Overall, we had a nice stay, but we've stayed in far more luxurious hotels for much less money.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	2	4	3	4	3	

<Author>ivanciment
<Content>Not bad but certainly nothing great We had a group of rooms for a company retreat. Hotel is a Ritz Carlton and it is like the other Ritz Carltons but it's nothing great. Perhaps compared to the other properties around it, it's the best available. Food was allright and familiarly uninspiring and I wasn't happy that almost all the fruit seemed to come from California and the orange and mango juice on the morning buffet came from a bottle. Maybe that's what people who go to Ritz Carltons like. Beach is nothing great and there is no place to go outside the hotel in the surrounding area unless you are going to Old San Juan a 15-20 minute cab ride away. It is 5 minutes from the airport and that's a plus if you need the quick transfer. Room was perfectly fine but again, nothing ritzy about it. I was disappointed that as a leader of this group using over half a dozen rooms, the hotel did nothing to show their appreciation to me during my stay and didn't even seem to have my name on file. Prices are pretty high here for everything -- the spa is $165 for a 50 minute massage; a fish sandwich at the pool is $19 plus tax and tip. I pay a lot less for this at comparable properties in the US and I expected a more reasonable price for things in Puerto Rico. The Italian restaurant on the property is sky-high with $50 entrees. I don't see the value at this property in Puerto Rico unless you know you want to be in San Juan and you want this property.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>miralta
<Content>Hoping to return! My husband and I stay here for four nights (Nov 28-Dec 2), We must say the service was outstanding. Everyone here always had a smile and were willing to help in everyway, I'm sure Puertorrican hotel staffs are among the friendliest on the hotel industry worldwide.Check in experience was OK (we had to wait a while, and after flying for the whole day and arriving at 11pm, that was a little up setting, the room type we asked for was not available, but we were so tired that did not complain.Our room was nice, impecable, very comfortable and quiet, we never heard our neighboors or people walking around and we know our floor was full. We ordered room service and it was prompt and very good. Food at the restaurants and activities we were, was delicious. We spent our nights at the lobby lounge were there was music and a live show.The beach is beautiful and the pool was nice. The hotel is not close to the Old San Juan, but is a $10 taxi ride, which was reasonable.Safety at this hotel was impressive, there was one morning when my husband left early and accidentaly let the room door a little bit open, then probably five minutes later security personnel knocked on the door and told me it was not completely closed, what a way to take care of guests, Congratulations!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>ashaw
<Content>Best Trip of My Life       Ritz Pool  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Feliceesq
<Content>Service with a genuine smile! After I booked the hotel, I noticed that they were very responsive to messages posted on this site. It was my fifth anniversary and I wrote them and asked them for ideas to make it special. They wrote back quickly and advised that they would have some surprises for me and asked if I wanted to email a note for my husband. After arrival, they delivered the most lovely assortment of tasty and decorative sweets, chocolate covered strawberries, champagne and my note to my husband that they had handwritten! What a wonderful surprise!This exemplifies the type of service offered by this hotel. We stayed on the club level, and the service was professional, yet warm. We had a wonderful (though not cheap!) meal at Il Molino. We travel a great deal, and eat at fine restaurants, and both thought this place rated highly in both food and service. My sole complaint is that it was a bit noisy since it is next to the casino. The grounds were well groomed and the staff was friendly. Housekeeping did a very good job and I have no complaints at all about the room. It was a really great little anniversary get-a-way and I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>josiewales
<Content>Nice Hotel Stayed at the Ritz-Carlton for an annual appreciation trip provided by one of the vendors we use. The bell staff was friendly and accomodating the whole trip. Never were we ignored or treated rudely. The front desk staff was also friendly and prompt. The concierge likewise. I thought the front lobby was lovely and the lobby bar was a favorite for drinks and relaxtion. It made the trip. The bar staff was great loved Randolf and Orlando. The pool was beautiful and clean. We never had a problem with chairs or floats and the hotel was packed when we were there. The wait staff at the pool was prompt and friendly. I liked our room we had a perfect ocean view (709). But there were a few things that bothered me. Carpet needs changed or cleaned well, a stained duvet was placed on our bed and some things needed to be fixed in bathroom. Bed was so comfortable. Loved the beverage center in the room. One problem; housekeeping was very inconsistent. Never left enough towels and failed to replenish beverage center. I left them a tip every day. The spa service I had was good but the spa itself leaves nothing to be desired. I wish there were more stores on site. Mares restaurant was very good (lemon-glazed halibut), BLT excellent, Il Mulino terrible. I like good food and don't mind paying for it but Il Mulino was a terrible waste of money. People that complain about prices at the Ritz must not travel to large cities much because it is pretty standard compared to Miami, Vegas, New York etc. Drinks and food are expensive if that shocks you stay at the Holiday Inn or Embassy Suites. It's all relative to your standards. Also loved the The Palm restaurant at El San Juan. Overall a good experience (weather was horrible rained every day). If I went back to Puerto Rico I would stay at the Ritz again  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jwb3rx
<Content>Top notch service from everyone... I'll start my review by saying that I had some mixed feelings toward the Ritz here in San Juan. Most came only from reading previous reviews here on Trip Advisor. I have stayed at several other Ritz Carlton's before, all with great experiences but I did notice some reviews here have not. As you'll read, our stay was fabulous and I do highly recommend the Ritz here in San Juan.So this doesn't become an advertisement for the Ritz, I'll start with the few negatives we had on our stay here. We stayed here from the last week of October into the beginning of November and came in at the tail end of the tropical storm they were having, so the weather was not great for the first day but it cleared up perfectly and of course that had nothing to do with the Ritz. As I read the previous review, I couldn't help but question what dirty cups were they talking about that were floating all around It looked like from the dates that we were there the same time and did not notice any of this. The mini bar checker person did come in on our last day when we still in the room. She did not offer to come back and we did let her in, however I would advise that they should be instructed to come back later if guests are in the room still. We could have asked her to come back later, so it really wasn't a big deal for us but I could see how it would bother some.While at the pool, there were several workers planting and keeping the grounds landscaped. The noise was a nuisance for a bit, but this is how they keep the place looking so great. For those who haven't read, the airport is close by so you do hear planes taking off. This wasn't a surprise and any of the other hotels near by would have the same problem. We never heard anything whil in our room or the hotel. Not a big issue at all.With these few minor issues, the overall stay was amazing. From check-in to check out. We could not have been happier with our stay. The front desk was very helpful, from a glass of champagne and cool towels to the bellman who was waiting to escort us to our room. The room was clean, neat and always serviced each day. No issues at all. We had the pleasure to stay on the Club level, which allowed us to access the lounge and services they provided. Everyone was extremely helpful and overly accommodating. All the employees would address with 'yes sir, yes ma'am, right this way sir, have a nice day....these are the little things you will not always get at other hotels. The hotel itself, was very clean and fresh flowers were everywhere. Every evening they would have a rum tasting in the lobby bar which would draw guests.We had the great pleasure to work with Mr. Ramon Venutra at the hotel. I saw his name on one of the previous reviews and appreciated his response to some of the issues other guests may have had. I found this to be extremely professional and made me believe even more in the Ritz. Overall, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Ritz! The service was excellent, the staff was always friendly and pleasant. The concierge service gave us directions and answered whatever questions we had. We rented a car for the week from the Enterprise located within the Ritz. This to, worked out well. Mr. Ventura was extremely helpful with our stay and I would expect others to have the same type of stay that we did. For some, I notice complaining about the price of the stay or the final bills on checkout. Our bill was correct and we knew what to expect when we booked the stay, so there was no surprise there. I highly recommend the Ritz in San Juan and look forward to visiting again. The Ritz was worth the price and the service and overall resort was wonderful!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>chocolatelady
<Content>Wonderful, just wonderful! As always, our stay at the Ritz-Carlton Isla Verde was just fabulous. From the nicely appointed Club Level room to the ample and continuous food selection at the Club Level dining area to the beautiful ocean views from any floor of the hotel to the courteous staff.....our stay at the Isla Verde Ritz-Carlton was outstanding. We went there to celebrate our 40th wedding anniversary and to relax from our stressful business life. Relax we did! Our main goal was to spend as much time as possible by the ocean and the ocean did not disappoint us. The water was calm, turquoise blue and warm. The hotel provides complimentary lounge chairs, towels and umbrellas, all you have to do is tip the person who provides them (contrary to other Ritz-Carltons where we鈥檝e had to pay plenty for the lounge chairs and umbrellas). Buying food for three daily meals at all Ritz-Carltons can get quite expensive, we solved this problem by paying a higher rate for a Club level room and this experience was well worth it. We didn鈥檛 pay one cent during our 4 day stay for any of our meals which we had at the Club Level dining area. There was a great variety of foods ranging from fruits, cheeses, breads, small sandwiches, cold cuts, pates, salads, deserts, all sorts of soft drinks, teas and coffees, enough to satisfy anyone鈥檚 appetite. Do not expect a hot meal at the Club Level area. The view of the ocean from the Club Level dining area was just mesmerizing. Well aware of the high crime rate in PR we didn鈥檛 leave our hotel at all and instead spent 4 blissful, peaceful days and nights at the Ritz. Once our stay was completed, we would rent a car and head inland to other locations but while at the Ritz we decided to stay put and enjoy ourselves. We highly recommend a stay at this property for anyone. We never heard one plane land or depart, no airport noise could be heard from our room.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ohiorona
<Content>The Ritz is service! I must tell you that I had stayed here previously, and thought the service was marginal at best. I am thrilled to say things have changed for the better.I had been following up on other reviews and noticed that the hotels' service manager was taking the time to e-mail back on positive and negative feedback which I found unusually refreshing. I decided to contact him prior to our stay to make sure we basically were on the same page. Ramon Ventura is the real deal. I would contact him again without question. I asked to be upgraded if possible and also explained that it was our wedding anniversary. He got us upgraded to a junior suite which isn't actually listed among their room categories, and upon arrival had a bottle of champagne and anniversary dessert for us. Serivce was impeccable everywhere. We travel twice a year to the caribbean and have a certain standard of travel and this definitely met it.To take it a step further, we had rented a car through an agency established in the hotel. We ended up getting a parking ticket in Old San Juan (be careful there were no signs stating that). We came back to the hotel with our $75 ticket and asked the concierge what to do and how to pay it, she handled it for us without any questions asked, and at the end of our trip we received a small bag of goodies from the gift shop telling us that the staff was very sorry for any inconvenience the parking ticket cost us. That small token of good will means something in times where real service is terribly lacking. You get what you pay for here. This is the Ritz not the Marriott, but it is the best hotel experience in Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cainjax1
<Content>Ritz Carlton San Juan Booooooooo!!!1 Let Me start off by stating , my wife and myself frequent the Ritz Carlton Properties as often as we can. We had a horrible experience at the R C San Juan.. This was the second week of our Honeymoon (the first week we stayed at the R C Grand Cayman Islands which I can not brag enough about) and then we were brought to this horrible excuse for a Ritz. Lets start off by our check in that was very nice, we received 2 glasses of champagne as a initial congratulations. We then were brought to our room , which we noticed the Bathroom toilet was leaking and not flushing correctly. I called maintenance around 5 times during the first 2 days there and it was never fixed. Our first dining experience was not so good at the steak restaurant and then we were told 鈥渘ext time you come back we will take care of you鈥? now why would I come back after this experience? The pool was nice if you could dodge all the dirty cups that were floating around and if you wanted to physically fight with people about the limited rafts.. Oh yes and who could forget the MINI BAR Filler who would walk into our room religiously every morning even when we asked him to wait a minute 鈥渨ere on our Honeymoon鈥? The lobby bar was a great time we spent a lot of time there and our bartender was great. Oh and who could forget the couples massage we both got, yes that鈥檚 right the masseuses were about as talented as my bulldog with less manners, my masseuse literally sat on the table the whole time and burped not once but twice. My wife鈥檚 masseuse was equally as untalented. This was the most horrific experience we could of ever had unfortunately it had to be on our Honeymoon with a hefty Price Tag. Oh yes don not let me leave out the fact we contacted the concierge鈥檚 as well as the RC San Juan Management and nothing was done about any of these wonderful memories we have of our Honeymoon..  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	3	1	1	

<Author>varipaul
<Content>Great way to end a vacation       hot tub  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>luckster
<Content>Was a great place to vacation The Ritz Carlton- San Juan was great- the service was top notch, people couldn't do enough for you. The pool and beach were perfect...except for the airplanes you see and hear taking off, which is fun to watch!The staff couldn't do enough for you...BLT Steak and Il Mulino were great and the casino decent....for a little more action take a quick cab to the El San Juan Casino and hotel...has more of an island feel when you want that.The food, room service and cleanliness were as you'd want.Highly recommend this as a 3-4 day trip to just get away!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>pnm0909
<Content>Overall it was great We were warmly welcomed by attentive staff and had a nice pool view room. The pool and beach were very nice. The only concern we had was the amount of seaweed on the beach. The staff said that it was always there this time of year. I would think that a property such as the Ritz would remove this smelly distraction but since the beach is a public beach maybe they feel they dont have to.The property is great. Buffett breakfast is usual fare. The beach resturant is very nice. The two resturants on property have astronomically inflated wine list prices. The price of Opus One ($180 retail in NY) was $265 for room service $385 at Il Mulino ( the better resturant on site) and $450 at BLT(which is over rated). The best bet was the Ruffino Gold label at Il Mulino for a little over $100. I asked the wine steward why there was such a variance in price and he had no answer. Cabs to Old SAn Juan are expensive. We rented a car and it saved us money. Eat in town the resturants are great and 1/3 the price of the hotel resturants  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>News2u
<Content>First vacation that we werent ready to come home from.... This was our sixth trip to the island and we decided to throw budget to the wind and book at the Ritz and it was worth every penny spent. We had no agenda. We had done all the sights on previous trips, so our butts hunkered down for six days on the great Carolina beach and the Ritz pool. Staff was five stars all the way! We were pampered and loved every min. of it. We will be back!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MDKHarris
<Content>Phenomenal Resort/Tops In Customer Service I just got back from my vacation at The Ritz Carlton in San Juan and it was PHENOMENAL. The hotel room was superb, the customer service was outstanding, the food was tasty and the weather, simply gorgeous.Upon arriving, I received a warm welcome from the check in staff, along with complimentary mimosas and bottled cold water. I was able to check in 2 hrs early into my room without any delay or problem andthe hotel looked as beautiful as it did when I last stayed there in 2004.The entire hotel staff [security, front desk, concierge, management] was extremely professional, helpful, curteous and friendly. I would HIGHLY recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to San Juan,as it is tops!!! You won't be disappointed to say the least.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NCAnnette
<Content>Loved the RITZ Our stay at the RITZ was great...We had a lovely room on the 10th floor with a city view....fresh towels twice daily... free bottled water...greeted by name by hotel staff...... Room very clean...nice sheets and pillows... I asked for foam pillows and within minutes they were delivered...Oversized chair for comfort was in the room...a wonderful view of the city of San JuanRoom service was fast and great... I ordered a pizza and the cheese was too dark.... they took it back and did not charge me for the pizza...The internet was not working they sent up repair people at once and fixed it...The food at the RITZ is really good and really expensive... we ate there several times for the breakfast buffet at $25.00 per person.. and at one of the restrauants there....good choices daily...The Friday nite seafood buffet is to die for... shrimp, lobster, oysters, crab etc. on the menu as well as red meat and chicken....vegetables...fried rice and plenty of deserts... $68.00 per person...They have a really good selection.. I just don't eat all those things so I don't remember:)We ate at the Outback twice...food great and walked back to the Ritz each nite....drinks are reasonable tooWe took the A5 local bus into Old San Juan for 75 cents each waythen got on the free trolley to see the sights of Old San Juan.Yes... it was near the airport....however we did not hear any planes and yes there was some construction..but it was on the other side of the building...so it did not bother us..San Juan is humid and hot in September....The only bad thing about the Ritz is the beach...it has a lot of seaweed ....but that's it... The Ritz was great.,. I would stay there again and again and again...The casino is small compared to the ones in Atlantic City....  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mwhq
<Content>Jackhammer construction occurring Do you like jackhammers from 9am until 5pm? They are adding baconies near the pool, cutting through concete and steel. This will occur for the next month. Otherwise, pretty nice.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>precision80
<Content>4 start-At best Stayed here over labor day. As others have stated, the hotel grounds are beautiful. The pool is great and the beach is fantastic. Its close the the airport, if anybody is surprised by that when they get there then they should have read the reviews more closely; it didnt bother us at all, a few seconds of noise once in a while and thats about it.The rooms were ok, nothing special at all, ours was clean but not usual ritz carlton type finishings or quality.The staff was not great. Only once was I recognized by name; this is something that other Ritz Carltons pride themselves on. The staff seemed bothered by any requests that we had( and we really didnt have any at all), not too many smiles and just an all around lack of professionalism. Stay away, i repeat, STAY AWAY, from Il Mulino. Even being used to New York City prices, this restaurant is grossly overpriced and the food is crap. Any positive reviews on the internet about this establishment are from people who obviously never had a good meal before. Im not a food snob at all but this restaurant is bad. Trust me stay away, eat somewhere else and spend the savings at the blackjack table.All and all this hotel is probably one of the nicest in san juan, but take it with a grain of salt. This hotel is equivalent to a nice westin or marriot. NOT ritz carlton or four seasons caliber, not even close.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>ConnieS
<Content>Hurricane Stayover - What a Wonderful Surprise!! We flew out of Dulles on Sunday 9/2 knowing our flight to Aruba was going to be cancelled due to the Hurricane. We tried to book a night at the Marriott, but they were full. Thank goodness, because it allowed us to try the Ritz. We arrived at 1:00 on the 2nd and were immediately greeted. Bags wisked away while we went to check-in. We did not expect our room to be ready (a garden view - the least expensive) because of the time of our arrival. What was surprising is that they apologized the room was not ready and gave us a free lunch food voucher at the Ocean Bar and Grill. We went to the wrong restaurant and were not directed where to go - but WALKED directly to the restaurant where they immediately seated us at the location of our choice by the beach. We were told to order as much food as we wanted - it was free except for alcohol. We split a shrimp cocktail and a dessert + we each ordered a main course. I had the Grouper Sandwich and my hubby had a cobb salary with lobster. Our total lunch bill was $89 and it was FREE!!! The food and service were wonderful and we would have happily paid the cost of the lunch, but it was very nice that it was free.They called me on my cell phone when the room was ready. We were upgrated to a ocean  pool view with balcony. Room nicely appointed - very comfortable bed and pillows!Since this was a one night stay over due to our cancelled flight, we did not experience much of PR. One thing I did notice that was scary and comforting all at the same time - the number of police on the beach on horse back and ATV's. I wanted to walk the beach in the morning and asked at the front desk if it was safe. I was assured it was. As soon as I hit the beach I noticed an officer on ATV staying close enough away, but at the same time, watching to ensure I remained safe. He rode ahead of me and checked tree's and other wood structures to ensure no issues. I really enjoyed the walk knowing he was close by. It is a shame a tourist cannot walk the beach safely without police, but at the same time - I was very glad he was there. Typical in Ritz style - they remember your name and address you by it. They bring around nice cold snacks at the pool and beach. Someone was always available to help and assist. The service was by far more than we expected at this PR location.I can't close without commenting on our dinning experience at Mares. Exceptional dinner  service. We didn't order alcohol - and our total food bill was $78 - worth every penny!! In fact, we thought it was low compared to mediocre meals we've had at other locations. Hubby had lobster tails and I had the grouper with mango salsa. Off the charts! From the moment we arrived to the time we left - this was a wonderful experience. For the price, in PR, you will find no other resort with this type of service and property. A comment on the Marriott - we went to the Marriott to check it out. It was definitely more crowded and loud. We didn't feel the property was up to the caliber of the Ritz; however, it was a nice property. We enjoyed the visit, but were very glad to get back to the Ritz. I wouldn't chose to vacation in PR, but since we travel through PR for other carribean islands - I would definitely book a night before and after our vacation at the Ritz. In fact, we pondered rescheduling our flight Friday to stay at the Ritz another night. My recommendation would be to spend 2 -3 nights at the Ritz to experience PR and to include this as a stop over on the way to or from another carribean island. One comment about the plane noise. This hotel is very near the airport. You do hear the planes taking off and landing. This noise is the only negative comment I can give to this Ritz.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FFCFan
<Content>Where am I? This is not the Ritz I know. How this property remains a Ritz is a mystery. We arrived and dragged all of our bags in to the front desk without a single staff member acknowledging my family's presence. There were plenty of staff but none saw us as important enough to assist or even open the front door. We had to finally interupt the conversation of the three ladies at the Front Desk who obviously had more important things to discuss than greet the valued customer. To add insult to injury, the ladies felt comfortable enough to joke, in spanish, about my wifes dress. To assume an American does not understand was quite a miscalculation.What a start to a long awaited break in a luxury hotel.Our room was OK for a Marriott but what is the point of an ocean view if you cannot see through the filthy windows? The room was a dissappointment. Light bulbs out, hole in the wall, toilet wouldn't flush completely and stains on the ceiling.We called and asked for the toilet to be repaired at a minimum which took 4 hours for somebody to show up. The gentleman said they were saving on pay so he was alone!!!!Overall service was painfully slow. I honestly think the staff lack direction from management. I rarely saw any management with the exception of their Italian restaurant and steakhouse. (The only bright spots of the hotel).The location is VERY close to the airport and not great place to walk around but the beach is nice and the pool is beautiful.Our experience could not have been worse and we were not alone. It seemed everyday around the pool the topic of customer conversation was the shocking service and poor condition of the hotel.All of the loyalty I have to Ritz-Carlton as a company was lost by this experience. By the way the toilet was never fixed.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>DairyDancer
<Content>An Experience Of True Puerto Rican Luxury! We stayed at the Ritz for two days prior to going to St. Croix for an extended stay. Our experience was so fabulous, the staff so accomodating, services superb, that we left St. Croix pronto to return to San Juan to enjoy MORE of the excellence we enjoyed. Five total nights where every request, though minimal, was responded to and acted on and/or resolved to our complete satisfaction. A Ritz is a Ritz for sure, but compared to other mega star rated hotels in Puerto Rico it is by far superior to all! I was traveling with my sister and we like to play cards together, an extra chair was provided immediately upon request ... our dinner reservations made to our exact timetable, and I was addressed by my NAME at the Concierge Desk and at Breakfast each morning and at all other dining options! The price .. . far LESS than all the other hotels I have previously stayed at in San Juan! ~ This for me was a LUXURY BARGAIN!!!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>4Cheeseheads
<Content>Decent enough, but not great The hotel was ok. The rooms were clean and the bed was very comfortable. The staff tried to be helpful, but sometimes left out important details that would have been nice to know. The pool is clean and large but shallow. The beach was clean, but the water was kind of nasty - muddy with a lot of seaweed. Room service meals are very, very expensive. Don't order food to your room unless you don't mind spedning $30 for a sandwich or $18 for a bowl of fruit. Drinks at the hotel were also expensive - $12.50 for a mojito - a tasty drink, but still too expensive.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>mcruzdvm
<Content>Best Hotel I ever stay in Puertor Rico I landed in this hotel by luck, I had a terrible experience in the westin Rio Mar-Not Good.I live in New jersey but travel to Puerto Rico almost every year, I had to say that the Ritz Carlton is the best hotel I ever stayed, the best service, the hotel is great, pool is excellent, the beach is awesome and the water sport are included(not motorized) , the casino is great and the music almost every night is top notch. I highly recommend the hotel, the only place I will stay.I just which the restaurant were slightly cheaper but it is expected it is the ritz carlton, I would not traded it.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>mrintellec
<Content>Great Stay!       view of hotel from pool  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DianaNewYork
<Content>Ritz San Juan - A Class Act My husband  I took our 3 grandchildren to the Ritz to begin our Puerto Rican adventure and introduce them to the island. Our stay at the Ritz was heaven. We travel extensively since I run conferences for attorneys  we stay at top luxury hotels.The Ritz San Juan did not disappoint. Beach was beautiful, calm with blue waters. Kids loved the pool, service impecable  friendly, rooms clean and comfortable. I was there there just before Hurricane Dean and did not have the same experience The Ritz has lost It had. If you want to visit San Juan, this is the only place to stay. While we did not have club level rooms, we did visit and found it to be one of the most luxurious, it even had its own reading library. Do not be misguided, you will love your stay at the Ritz San Juan. I miss the evening call of the coqui's as we sat poolside and counted the stars!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fresq
<Content>Great stay at the Ritz I stayed with my wife for two nights in August 2007. I thought the facilities, staff, and food were all excellent. I recomend the club floor, as it will save money in the long run if you like to drink and eat alot on vacation. The staff is pleasant and helpful. I disagree with the bad reviews, and I would recomend a stay at this property to anyone seeking an upscale vacation. This is not the Four Seasons, but it is an above average/excellent hotel.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>A_Medina-Barner
<Content>Not Great...Not Bad 3.5 out of 5. I booked this hotel directly b/c there were not many bargains online. This trip was my honeymoon and we checked in on my 30th birthday. I can honestly say, it is the best hotel in the area. I visitied a few others hotels that were on the same beach and a few others near the Hilton. So here is my point-by-point review:Pros:1. My room was upgraded free of charge to an ocean-view balcony. It was originally a regular ocean view, no balcony.2. The food and drinks were really good, but VERY VERY expensive3. There are other things (Walgreens, restaurants, clubs, fast food) within walking distance4. The pool area was clean and chairs were always available5. The beach was, ehh ok... at best 6. Check-in was easy and we checked in early without even notifying the desk about our early arrival7. Friendly staff 8. Clean, but small guest rooms9. They have a huge mall Plaza Las Americas with every store you can imagine. 10. Everyone was able to speak English, even in the mall and surrounding storesCons:1. There was construction going on and it was right next to my room. It was so loud that we had to leave the room during the day. It started around 9:15am and ended around 4pm...so no sleeping late. The hotel offered to move me to a jr. suite with no balcony. I declined.2. The taxi's are a rip-off and the bellmen conspire with them. A taxi is a minimum of $10 each way. Just walk, unless going to the mall or airport. Don't pay more than $17 each way for the mall. They will try to rip you off for $20 each way3. The beach was blah. The water is not beautiful. It had a funny smell.4. If you can't swim, motorized water sports are out. You have to swim all the way out to the rope just to get on a jet ski or any motorized activity. I couldn't swim all the way out there and had to cancel my jet ski...5. The walls are paper thin. The people next door walked in and out of their room non-stop...and their door would slam shut and vibrate our bed. So imagine hearing a loud slamming noise at 3am...I almost had a heart attack! So between the slamming doors and the construction jack-hammer, I was ready to scream.6. The food at the hotel is OVERPRICED. Taxes and gratuity add to the outlandish prices. One night we paid 125 for dinner and I only had one drink. That's crazy.7. Old San Juan is filthy. Several guests were glad to get back from that tour. I didn't even want to breathe in Old San Juan. It was awful and trash was everywhere. I get chills just thinking about it. In sum:As previously mentioned, this was the best hotel in PR. So I'd hate to see what the vacation experience is like at the other hotels. I stayed for 6 days and my hotel bill was 2650. Not including airfare. For the money we spent, over 3500, we could have gone somewhere much nicer.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DunkinDonuts5
<Content>Traveling alone to PR and staying at the Ritz All I have to say about the Ritz is  Pure Luxury ... If you want to stay at a really nice hotel and be treated like gold than you have to stay here. I dont know if they treated me good because I am a cute female traveling alone or because that's how they treat everyone. But I totally loved it there. You know the minute you step into the hotel that you are at a hot spot.The Hotel from the inside and out is BEAUTIFUL. The hotel staff is the most nicest, polite and helpful people I came across in a long time. I guess most people arent that lucky from some of the reviews that I have read on this site.Anyways traveling alone is always a scary thing... I mean I feel like everyone would be staring at me and nobody would talk to me... WRONG!.... Everybody was wonderful. From dining at El Mulino the service was undescribable. The waiters all male made sure that I was okay and kept on asking how my food was. I didnt mind. I liked the attention. At least two of the waiters struck up a convo with me which i thought was nice since i was eating alone.The conceirge desk was helpful with getting me more info about the tours. The hotel staff outside (the ones getting you cabs) was extremely friendly, everytime I left the hotel and returned they always welcomed me back saying How was horse back riding?I was thinking in my head how could they remember that I went? I mentioned it to them briefly before I returned three hours later.Very attentive staff... Maids who arent even assigned to clean your room, say Hi and with a smile. You dont see that around alot...One thing i didnt really like was the Spa, mani and pedi was expensive and not really worth it. But I was going to get one even if it was expensive or not.Go there, Trust me you will NOT regret it.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>onemainstreet
<Content>The Ritz-Carlton has lost it The place was over-crowded, pool-side was jam packed with lawnchairs, the pool was filled with floating mats and buoys, could hardly move around the garden. it was absurd. The beach ran out of umbrellas, had only one guy taking drinks orders. It seemed the place was taken over by some major stockbrokers' convention, or a fratboys' reunion. it was terrible. We left after one night. The hotel feels tired and abused. The lobby made a nice enough impression, but then the hallways to the rooms are dank and dingy, and on top of that, being so crowded, made it the worst Ritz-Carlton we had ever stayed at.To be fair, we also left early because Hurricane Dean was heading near Puerto Rico, but really, it was the hotel that made me want to get out of dogde...  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lulu90
<Content>Great Hotel in San Juan I stayed at this hotel last month for 4 days. This was my third time and still love it. The best rooms are the ones with garden and/or ocean view. Last time I had a garden view room but the way the hotel is built you have partial ocean view too which it was great. The front desk person told me they are adding balconies to all garden view rooms so when done you will be able to have a better ocean view too. The service, the room, the views are the best. If I needed something their response was inmediate and to my wishes no questions or excuses, it was done to my satisfaction. Great and helpful staff! The rooms are beautiful and have big bathrooms. The food is really good at any of their restaurants. I have to say I have stayed in other hotels there but this is my favorite. Good summer rates for this luxury hotel. This hotel is more quiet, relaxed still you can have a lot of fun. There's music in the lounge/lobby at night, It has a casino, not as big as other hotels but still nice. It's close to the airport,(10 minutes max),and to other sites of interest.If you want loud, party all night, crowded hotel then stay at the nearby El San Juan Hotel, since the Ritz is too classy to be like that. My thing is relax at the Ritz and be treated like a celebrity then if I'm in the mood to party hard take a walk to El San Juan Hotel next door since the people in the lobby are from everywhere and you don't have to stay at that hotel to enjoy their entertainment. The Ritz is really the best!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nc297
<Content>Fab time at the Ritz! Don't listen to the nay sayers about this hotel it's beautiful and worth every penny. The airplanes were no bother to us at all. Could not hear them at all in the room and barely noticed them outside.Before we could check in our kids were asking if we could come back next year.We were greated as soon as we walked into the hotel. We arrived at 1:30 and was taken right to our room. The Bellhop brought our bags up as soon as we were opening the drapes to admire our beautiful view. We change and went to the pool where a nice guy set up our towels and umbrella for us.My husband and kids swam every night as the pool is open for 24 hours! The the way the pool is lit up at night just takes your breath away. I sat outside and lounged on the chairs as many folks did each night.Our room was clean twice each day. Guest Services email me before we arrived and asked if we were celebrating any special occasion while staying with them, I told them my husband's birthday. On our second day there while we were out night swimming, we returned to a lovely dessert feast and a happy birthday card from the Ritz. We felt pampered the entire trip. We live in a beautiful home in NJ and only stay in nice hotels and was happy this one lived up to our standards.That was our best vacation ever!!!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hhd3
<Content>Enjoyable Stay at the Ritz       Lobby  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>gmujake
<Content>Do Not Stay Here! I am sitting on the plane about to leave Puetro Rico. I wanted to get this down while it was fresh in my mind. I just stayed at the 鈥淩itz Carlton鈥?San Juan for a week. To be fair, there were some good things about the hotel. The noise from airplanes that is often referred to on this site was not an issue. I heard one plane the whole time I was there. The grounds were amazing too. Tree ferns, beautiful fountains and palm trees were all over the place. It looked the part of the tropical get away.Now to the not so great things鈥?I want to let you all know that this hotel, while nice, should not be listed on the roster of Ritz Carlton properties. I found out during our stay that it is a privately owned Ritz Carlton and is franchised. The Ritz Carlton is supposed to be all about friendly world class service, at least the ones I have stayed at previously. This hotel is service with a scowl at its worst. On arrival, usually the staff at a Ritz Carlton will greet you and offer to take your bags. If the check in line is long, usually they will stow your luggage. No such luck here. We were forced to lug our 6 pieces of luggage into a line that almost stretched out of the door and the front desk person who was (the rudest person I have ever encountered at any hotel front desk, except at a little out of the way Howard Johnson at midnight in a snowstorm) took one look at my group of sweaty tired travelers and promptly told us that our rooms would not be ready for a while and that it was hotel policy to not let guests check in until the room was ready. If you want to know what she was like think the stewardess on Ben Stiller鈥檚 plane ride on Meet The Parents. Yes, she is that bad! We asked for the manager and an equally rude individual reiterated her statement and then they started talking about us in Spanish not thinking that the stupid people in front of them could understand. I was very upset by this time and asked what other hotels were in the area because we weren鈥檛 sure that we wanted to stay at the Ritz any longer because we didn鈥檛 feel welcome. True to his rude demeanor, he started listing other hotels for us to go to and even offered to call a cab for us. I felt that this reaction was another slap in the face. He should have apologized and offered to correct their initial disappointing reception.When we finally got checked in the nightmare continued. As soon as we opened the door, we were hit with a strange smell in our room that was very similar to vomit and several stains on the carpet that were suspicious. The shower curtain was mildewed and there was a large crack in the window of our room looking out to our view. The carpet was soaked too and the internet connection didn鈥檛 work. I couldn鈥檛 believe that I had paid three thousand dollars for this room. Also, the internet is not wireless in the rooms. It is an Ethernet connection that requires a plug. You have to sit at the desk to use it. Sort of inconvient but once again not up to what the Ritz is usually about.I called the front desk, housekeeping and the management office for help with the smell and room issues. Both hotel managers were on vacation, one until August 6th, over two weeks from when were to leave! I was equally disturbed to discover that the only manager on duty was the rude person mentioned above. What a 鈥済reat鈥?start to our long anticipated vacation. I was able to find, after much searching, the guest relations manager who is a lovely woman named Flavia. She is such a sweet person. She listened to my concerns and offered to send an ozone machine up to our room help get rid of the smell. She also offered to move our room if we wanted but we had already unpacked. In addition, she gave us a credit to be used towards food at the hotel which was very nice but I didn鈥檛 ask for it. I think it鈥檚 like someone cutting you and then offering to pay for the stitches. Nice offer but why did it have to happen in the first place? The ozone machine didn鈥檛 help much but I was done by this point and didn鈥檛 try to persue it any further.. The food at the hotel is not the best and drinks are outrageously expensive. A normal strawberry daiquiri (that pink drink that we all dream about while waiting to go on vacation) is $15 a pop! A Mojito (the island鈥檚 signature drink) is $16. The food at the main restaurant called Mare鈥檚 is bland and extremely expensive too. Trust me! Don鈥檛 plan to eat or drink there if possible. There was a nice girl named Rosanne at the Mare restaurant that helped us and showed us around the hotel the first day. She was also a bright spot in the otherwise disappointing staff at the hotel and gave us some good tips about where to go for good nightlife.The hotel spa is very small. Get this, there is a staff entrance leading right into the area where the steam room and jacuzzi are located. It is used at least once every 30 seconds by the staff coming and going. When you are trying to relax in the spa, staff members are constantly coming in and out and have no concept of quiet. They are often talking loudly and rolling carts right through the Spa! I could not believe it. Not relaxing at all. The pool is 3ft. 6 inches deep at its deepest point. This makes for tough swimming for adults but good for kids I guess. The beach was nice but there were several homeless people on it begging for food and money which was disturbing. Keep in mind that most of Puetro Rico is very poor and the Ritz is one of three 鈥渦pscale鈥?hotels in all of San Juan. I do not have any clue how they managed to get their 4 陆 star rating. I have stayed at 3 star hotels that were better. Overall, I would say if you have low expectations, don鈥檛 care about service and like the smell of vomit in your room or just want to get away, the Ritz is a good place to stay. It is a Ritz Carlton in name only. It鈥檚 similar to a good looking Holiday Inn or a nice Best Western. If you want a truly upscale experience with attentive staff, good food and a welcoming atmosphere avoid the place like the plague!!!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>NYC0929
<Content>Find another hotel Underwhelming. Pool area was a mess- dirty towels and empty cups were left out all day. Rooms were generic. Proximity to the airport gave the sense that we were at a motor lodge. Seemed like a fake Ritz. we called it the Rits. Puerto Rico is a beautiful Island. Pick another hotel- don't stay at the ritz cracker.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>jasont830
<Content>Rit's' I've stayed at Marriotts and Holiday Inns that were more impressive. Dirty towels and empty cups ltitered the pool area- left out all day. The rooms were generic. Didn't seem like a real Ritz... The entire trip we dubbed the place the R-I-T-S... a fake.Puerto Rico is a beautiful Island- try out the Hyatt El Dorado. Much better than the ritz cracker.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	3	1	-1	

<Author>jbg123
<Content>A fabulous time! We loved our visit to the Ritz Carlton San Juan. The staff was amazing. We stayed in a club room floor with our two children and they could not have been more attentive. The club room includes, breakfast, light lunch, afternoon tea, appetizers, and dessert and coffee - wine and mixed drinks are also available. We had dinner at the restaurant two nights and the second night (without a reservation) they remembered and welcomed us. The second we walked in they greeted us back and our waiter from the previous evening came over to say hello. The attention to detail was unbelievable. Location was the only downside.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tripfinder67
<Content>Awful and a waste of money!!!! My husband and our four children went to The Ritz Calreton in Puerto Rico as a school's over/ welcome summer trip. I must say that this place may seem nice becuase of the reviews below but you'd be better off taking a vacation to queens. The hotel i right next to the Airport and all you here is the sound of planes constantly taking off. It is located in the worst district of Peurto Rico and i Highly do not recommend walking the streets at night. The restaurants were good at the hotel if you plan on spending half a grand on dinner. This place is so hyped up to be something it is not. The locals from my opinon do not like americans becuase we went to the local denny's and were ignored with the rest of the americans as we were sat in this special room. Puerto Rico is not a fun place to go unless you enjoy the loud noise of the cityt and the constant airplanes taking off. The staff was nice but i was not impressed. They hype it up to be this great resort and make it seem like you are going to be in the most luxurious hotel and in the world and it quite frankly sucked. The beach was crap becasue you shared it with othyer hotels and the water wasn't clear at all like that caribbean i'm used to seeing, probabl becuase of the brown sand. You are charged for everything and i mean EVERYTHING except towls, chairs, and umbrellas. Hated it i recommned if you don't have a passport go to St. Thomas if you have one DO NOT GO THERE! Just a warning  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	1	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>hogfanexplorer
<Content>Best Vacation yet We arrived at the Ritz on July 23, 2007 and we were completely captivated. As soon as we walked in we were hooked. The hotel was beautiful. Our room was the basic pool view room, but it was fantastic. The cleaning service was top notch and we had no complaints. The beach is great and the attendants are more than helpful when you need your chairs moved or just a glass of water. They offer cold water and fruit, as well as fresh towels right on the beach. The pool is just as beautiful as the pictures and they have tons of chairs! The only drawback of the Ritz is that they offer no type of gift shop where you can buy a beverge. Of course, they want you to use the mini-bar or pay for it in the lounge. The continental breakfast in the morning was $17.00 and consisted of cereal, small muffins and breads. We found a Starbucks just down the street in the El San Juan hotel. Not far away and pretty cheap on prices. The restaurants at the Ritz are worth the price. Il Mulino is the best Italian food I have ever had, Mares had awesome seafood. The poolside bar is good and reasonable. They do leave complimentary bottled water in the room every day. Overall: Stay here, the service is worth it. Bring your own soda and breakfast items or walk to Starbucks. We will be back!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Luv2TravelNYC1
<Content>5 Star Service, Beautiful Beach        Entrance to Beach  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>traveler1216
<Content>Awful! Not worth the price! My husband and I stayed there for a vacation recently. We went in expecting a luxury hotel -- it is the Ritz, after all. What we got was the worst service we've ever had -- including stays at Best Westerns. Every single day we returned to our room to find that we hadn't gotten new towels, soaps, etc. We had to call and wait for hours to get basic amenities. The facilities in the rest of the hotel weren't great. They didn't regularly clean the bathrooms by the pool. I tried the spa -- I was expecting a lot for a $90 pedicure, but what I got was nail polish all over my toes -- the nail technician didn't get it off for me -- she told me it would come off in the shower. And the concierge desk was completely useless in helping us plan activities. The only good thing about the stay was that the weather was nice.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	2	1	2	

<Author>Paul_Barman
<Content>Club Level is Great Since we connected through San Juan, we thought we would stay a few days on the way back. We were really glad we did. San Juan is a great city, and the Ritz is an great property.When they found out we were finishing our honeymoon, they brought us champagne as we were checking in. We stayed in a regular room on the club level. The room was nice, a standard ritz-syle hotel room. Not huge, but big and in nice condition. We got rose petal turndown without a request.The pool is huge (but not really deep). The beach is nice, but seemed like most of the scene was a the pool. The restuarants were nice, we did Mares and BLT. Both we great and the staff were friendly and put in the little extras. The casino is nice. Table games and slots. They even give you free soup (which was new to me). Club level was great, we ate lunch and breakfast there each day, not to mention all the cocktails. A great value that I would highly recommend. The staff in the club level are wonderful.Can't wait to go back to PR and the Ritz  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>erishp
<Content>The Best Customer Service in PR Me and two other friends stayed at this property for 5 nights in July. We had a wonderful time. I don't usually stay at luxurious hotels but we got this at a fabulous price (which included the club level). While this hotel is extremely expensive the service here is probably the best on the whole island (or at least in the San Juan metro area). Everyone was exceptionally nice and accomodating. I would recommend the club level since the price of food in the restaurant is absolutely price gouging. For example a pina colada (probably the best i ever had) was 14$ and french fries in the steakhouse was 10$. I had a problem with my bill upon checkout and all matters were quickly resolved. Apparently they had overcharged me for services. As the other reviewer posted, make sure you review your bill thoroughly when you check out because it appears that this hotel will add charges you didnt authorize. I simply asked the front desk to produce a ticket that i signed which authorized the charge. They couldn't and it was resolved. The hotel also offers tours to various points of interest. I suggest doing the rainforest, it was great. Old San Juan was okay nothing spectacular and it seemed like everything was dead by 7pm. I was told that since the cruise ships were not docked the stores close early.Overall, this was an excellent hotel. The club level team was great including Roberto and Rey. They really made our stay more enjoyable.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Son-of-Poochmas
<Content>Beautiful pool, nice beach but..not quite I expected for the Ritz I stayed there 7/18-7/20. Paid $250 + heavy taxes/night. This is a smaller Ritz than others I have been to. Overall a very good hotel, but the price is too much.Pros:1. Beautiful pool grounds !2. Direct exit to the beach - many chaise lounges3. Friendly beach service; you can use kayaks etc4. Mares restaurant is not bad - breakfust buffet includes champagne and a good assortment of cheeses5. Beautiful large plasma-screen TVCons:1. Maid opened up the door whithout knocking 2. Bathroom needed 2 flushes - an observation seen in another five star hotel3. Hallways not very nicely decorated, room very clean but with ok furnishings4. Window not that big, no balcony in my room overlooking the pool.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>hotelsRfun
<Content>The Best I have been to Puerto Rico five times, and I have stayed at several different hotels, the Hilton, Mariott, Westin, and the El conquistador, and I am convinced that the Ritz Carlton is truly the most magnificent.  The staff will go out of there way to make the trip enjoyable for you. And even will remeber your name. I think the service alone exemplifies the level of elegance of this property.  The lobby is fantastic, simply beautiful, and features a very uspcale casino. Concierge was very helpful, it is my suggestion that you make reservations with them for Pelican Dumas.  The guestrooms are a normal size, but have a special Ritz touch to them. The bed was very comfy.  On the grounds there is a magnificent pool, two tennis courts, and a full spa. And best of all the beach is probably the best in puerto Rico and only steps away.  At night the Ritz is a little dull, however, its location affords its guest to be able to walk to nearby hotels that are much more lively. But if you want to have a quiet relaxing night the lobby bar is great, and the casino is also fun.  Overall, this place caters to all of its guests, it welcomes business/leisure travelers, is great for families or couples. What separates this property from all others in Puerto Rico are staff who really pamper their guests, and luxurious accomadations brought to a whole new level.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>paolp88
<Content>NOT UP TO ANY LUXURY HOTEL STANDARDS My husband and I were celebrating our 20th Anniversary and we wanted a special hotel. This was not the place. The rooms were okay. The food at the specialty restaurants in the hotel were good, but very overpriced. The Casino was dirty and had antique machines. Beach and Pool staff were awful, we had our towels laid out for us once on a week vacation. Also, the waiters at the pool only asked us twice if we needed a drink. I was expecting luxury but received a moderate quality hotel with poor customer service. I had to call the front desk about a question when we arrived and called 4 times and no one answered. We paid for a luxury hotel. But, the RITZ did not meet our expectations. I think there are much better hotels to be found in Puerto Rico. This one is close to the airport and is very loud, we heard the planes all day and night. Especially annoying while trying to relax on the beach, Our room was very small and there are no balconies on most of the rooms. I will never stay at a Ritz hotel again. Every Marriott I have ever stayed at puts this place to shame. Just to bad that we put our special occasion in their hands and they could not live up to their reputation of luxury and excellence  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	2	3	1	1	3	

<Author>happytrav07
<Content>Great Club Level..but watch your hotel statement!! I booked a 5 night vacation here back in the Spring. We booked through my travel agent who went through Apple Vacations.We decided to upgrade to the Club Level that we had heard so many wonderful things about. So, ALL was prepaid before we even left on July 9th arrival..checkout on July 14.Upon arrival we were greeted very nicely..good start! So, now we are checking in and there was a problem. Somehow, there were two rooms booked...one for me and another for my daughter. Nope..we only booked one room. So this gliche took about 15 minutes to resolve..I gave them the vouchers that stated the room was PAID in full..one room!! Then, they asked for my credit card for incidental charges. Thoughtout the 5 night stay we only charged 2 lunches and one sightseeing tour that amounted to a $175.00 charge to my credit card. Imagine my surprise when on the morning of checkout there is a bill for over $3000.00!!! I immediately went to the front desk asking for an explanation! Thank goodness I had brought the duplicate set of vouchers (receipts). They had to make copies of the duplicates Uh..where were the originals they took from me when we checked in? I was then told nothing could be done until 10am when the billing office opened. Three and a half hours later...the club lounge manager, Brandon, checked on this and said it was remedied. I checked out with a receipt for ONLY the $175.00 correct charge to the credit card. Imagine my surprise when I got home and was checking my credit card statement....uh huh...the Ritz Carlton had CHARGED my credit card for 5 full nights on the day of my check-in for the over $3000.00 charge. Even though the charges were pending I was outraged that my card had been charged for 5 nights AND it was a prepaid trip.This morning I called the RC and spoke to the finance department who was going to call my bank to have the charges reversed. As of my writing this...I am waiting for her phone call.A lovely hotel, wonderful club level..kudos to Brandon, Rey, Venus, Roberto. Good restaurants..expensive but service is excellent. A terrific trip except for the above problem. Hopefully will be resolved...will let all of you know as soon as the call is returned.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>gwennyPhoenixville
<Content>helpful staff, rooms beautiful, friendly, luxury, Great location. Would get an upgrade to the club level for $150.00 extra a day., per room!! This includes Ritz food all day for your family on the nineth floor. It was well worth the extra charge and you get a view from the ninth floor. Ask for pool side. Would go backhere anytime...........  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Extremegolfer15
<Content>Not up to the Ritz Standards Me and my girlfriend went here on Memorial Day. I have to say it was not what I expected at all. The Location was good because it 10 minutes from the airport but everything else was not impressive. We have stayed at about 7 different Ritz Locations now this one being the worst. The chairs at the pool are on top of each other. They did not have enough servers to handle all the drink orders. If you didnt get down to the pool by 9 am then you didnt get a chair. The property itself is very small so it is not a typical sprawing ritz resort. The room was tiny and basic. The only thing that didnt make this a marriott room was a flat screen TV. The one redeeming quality about the hotel was the restaurant. The formal restaurant was amazing. The service, food and wine were really the only thing that reminded you that this was a Ritz. If you are looking for a quick flight from the east coast to the carribean I highly recommend the St. THomas Ritz. You will not be disappointed there.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>JenM72
<Content>Great hotel, very friendly staff Stayed here for 7 nights toward the end of June. Was there for work,but was lucky enough to be able to spend a weekend there aswell. Hotel was fantastic and really enjoyed my time there. Hotel is about a 20 min ride to Old San juan, but located right on the beach front and minutes from the hotel. You can also get to 2 large malls within 15 minutes and the Belz outlet in about 30 mins (all dependant on traffic)I had a very good rate, though my company, which for the price I paid made the hotel very good value. I stayed in the normal room, facing the car park area. For about $40 a night I could have upgraded to a pool view, and if I had been on holidays there, I might have done it.Positives- Most friendly and helpful staff I have ever come across. Everyone from security, cleaners, front desk, restaurant staff are all friendly. Actually this seemed to be the trend in San Juan- Room had a nice large flat screen TV- Room was large, clean etc- Room ammenities were from Bvlgari and included everything you could want from shampoo, conditioner, sewing kit etc- great restaurants, especially BLT. Fantastic steak (but you pay for it!)- pool was really nice, easy to get a deck chair.- Right at the beach frontNegatives- not really many. the only one (minor at that) was on weekend afternoons by the pool it is quite crowded. So not a lot of free space in the pool and a lot of noise depending on the crowd.I have read complaints about others about the airport, but this is not that distracting, you get use to it. I did hear the planes from my room, but they are not going when most people would want to sleep e.g. the last one was always around 10:30pm or so.Overall I would highly recommend this hotel, great food, pool, tennis court, gym, beach, and a casino for those interested  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hoboken Traveller
<Content>Great hotel - absolutely useless concierge As so many of the reviews say, this really is a fantastic hotel. It is well thought out, the service is great - it is definitely on Island time but then you should be too while you are here so relax.The only thing I would complain about is the concierge service. I travel a lot and am used to being able to go to the concierge and asking my question - usually I get a wealth of informaiton including timelines, recommendations, directions etc. The concierge at the Ritz(all of them) are rather ditzy individuals from whom extracting any meaningful data is rather like pulling teeth. Then when you do get some informatoin you feel so happy that you don't realize they neglected to mention the most critical item that later comes back to screw you. In short, don't use them!Can't recommend BLT Steak highly enough - what a fantastic experience. Also liked Il Mulino though the Italian food is just a little too heavy for me and the wine list is quite a bit more expensive than the BLT menu.We did the rum tasting in the lobby lounge and the gentleman who helped us there was lovely - highly receommended if you want to learnmore about rum and taste some great ones too.From what we saw, the beach at the hotel is the best you will find on teh island, so almost don't bother going anywhere else. This is given every guide book tells you Luquillo beach is one of the nicest on the island and we visited there.Finally, DO the bioluminscent tour at Fajardo - it was EXCELLENT - especially watching those who normally don't leave their armchairs trying to canoe upsream - hilarious!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jemr77
<Content>Not 5 Star Ritz We stayed at the Ritz for 8 nights over memorial day weekend. We were not impressed by the service at the Ritz. It took over 2 hours for the bell hop to bring our luggage after we had checked in, the hotel has hardly no rooms with balcony's or you have to upgrade. The service by the pool was awful, you had to practically flag someone down to get you anything. The hotel also was not very good about policing who was using the pool facilities. It was quite obvious that a lot of people at the pool were not guest of the hotel. On a positive note the concergie was helpful and the spa was pretty good. Overall I expected a lot more out the Ritz and probably won't be staying again.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	1	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>sugac
<Content>ritz carlton san juan I just got back from sunny puerto rico. I have to say one of the best trips I`ve had in my life (second to none). My wife and I take our travels very seriously  we had the time of our lives. The property is beautiful we had an ocean veiw, service was excellentl. Everyone knew our names always had a smile I can go on forever. The food on the island is fenominal the taste the flavors puerto rocan food is to die for. We were also surprised to see that the ritz also had a blt steak on the property wich was a sweet suprise for me being from N.Y. we eat there all the time, service was fenominal (outstanding) food excellent wines , I`d say better than blt in N.Y. I highly recommend this hotel any day of the week. I can`t wait to visit puerto rico again  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>desertguy
<Content>Nice Time at the Ritz My partner and I had a great time overall at the Ritz. When we arrived, we were able to check in and got a room facing the pool on the 2nd floor. We were quite happy the first night. On the second night of our four night visit, we had some REALLY noisy neighbors in the room next to us. There was LOUD music from 6 PM to 6AM. We complained three times and the loud music would stop for a while and then start up again. In the end, on our second night we literally got no sleep. After explaining this situation to management the next day, they were very apologetic and we were moved to a very nice ocean view room on the 10th floor. Our bill was also adjusted accordingly and I asked for a meal credit which was given to us and was used at Mares. The food and service at Mares was very good. In fact, they have the best guava flan I have ever tasted. It was so good that I requested a copy of the recipe, which was emailed to me, when we checked out. We also used the gym (which is part of the resort fee) which was nicely equipped with treadmills, etc. We also had continental breakfast in the lobby bar which at $18 a pop was not cheep but nevertheless was good with great coffee. On our last night we ate at Il Molino which was expensive but the service and food were excellent. The beach just outside of the hotel was very nice. They obviously comb the beach to get rid of the trash, rocks, etc. They also provide great lounge chairs with umbrellas. Regarding the noise, yes this hotel is right next to the airport runways and this is a known fact. If airplane noise bothers you, then go somewhere else, however, you will not hear the noise when in your room and it is not like LAX, JFK or ORD where there is one plane taking off every 20 seconds! Based on our experience, we will return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mgou4
<Content>Great Time! We , Hubby and I, our 2 son's (21  17) had a wonderful vacation. We connected as a family, once again. The Ritz was wonderful!! The staff were beyond our expectaions. We stayed on the Club Level which I am convinced is what made our vacation special...if you can afford the extra dollar, do it. I promise, you WILL feel special, and you connect with new friends from around the world staying there.Yes, you hear the airplanes at the airport taking off, however NOT in your room, we could hear them loud and clear on the beach. It was no bother really , we became immuned to the sound, except when a really large plane would take off , that is when we really became aware to how close we were to the airport.  Snorkeling was great out front on the beach, we saw lots of sea critters; starfish, sea turtles and even Nemo. We went deep fishing 1 day, my sweet Hubby and I got seasick because the seas were 4 to 5 feet swells, ( I can't type anymore about it or I feel queasy again :( ) The captain took my husband and I along with our 17 year old back to the marina. Then he, the captain took our 21 year old back out to the rockin' an a rollin sea..UGH..brave fellow!! They got 1 strike in 5 hours, but no fish. We mostly stayed on the property at all times, we visited El San Juan Hotel a couple of times which by the way was FUN!!! An absolutely must see!!!The Ritz casino SUCKED our money out of our pockets, but we had a great time trying to get it back, it is NOTHING like Vegas if that is what you are looking for, very small.We have traveled to many places , you will never meet any nicer people than at the Ritz Carlton and Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>KellyinKentucky
<Content>Ritz ~ A++++ ~ 2 days stay after cruise Hi ~ We just returned from a 2 day stay at the Ritz following a cruise from San Juan. We had a GREAT experience with this resort. We have stayed at several Ritz's and found this to be one of our favorites. PROS: 1) Location - very close $10 trip to and from the airport. The don't have a shuttle, but taxi's are always waiting 2) Pool - Gorgeous as always - chairs so comfy - never a wait for the perfect spot. Pool staff always removed left towels, so finding the perfect spot was always easy. Tons of comfy water floats. Shorbet poolside, cool towels ~ all the great little Ritz perks. We booked Club Level. Our 1st time A++++++++++ - highly recommend - don't let the $100 per night run you off. You WILL get your $$ worth. Drinks, bottled water, wine, champagne - tons of food selections all throughout the day and night. Again, HIGHLY recommend. Free Internet. Great water activitites - also free (or should I say included in daily resort fee). Bottled waters waiting for you at the door when you arrive. Great casino. Cute little boutique shops right on site. Hotel laid out soooooooo conveniently, hardly any walking involved to navigate around. CONS: 1) Location - yes, this was also a PRO, however while you are in the pool you can't help but pay attention to the loud plane taking off. In the room YOU NEVER hear them and I am a very light sleeper. 2) Restaurant prices - again, typical for Ritz, but that is why we loved Club Level. 3) Bellman - not the most pleasant as we have found in the other resorts 4) check-in - took over 30 minutes from those waiting in the same line with problems w/ their bills checking out at the same time ............. Again, we had a super great time. You can't go wrong at this hotel. The small little cons, were just minor things. Ritz top class alllllllll the way!! .......... I can't get enough of my pleasure :)  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Indot081
<Content>Ritz: Cancelled our Wedding Plans We just returned from a 5 day stay at the Ritz..we were headed there to plan our wedding taking place in June 08...after our 3rd day there we had a change of heart! Overall: The grounds were well kept and beautiful including the lobby and restuarants..the people were extremely nice...however the rooms leave little to be desired...we got a great deal $175 a nite through our travel agent but ended up facing the city aka the airport...we were willing to accept this because of the low price we paid, however when we explained we were planning to have our wedding there they didnt even bother to help give us an upgrade..Noise: Far as previous reviews posted about the airplanes...we werent too upset with this..indoors you couldnt really hear them but outside by the pool was a bit too noisy for me especially in the morning when your just trying to relaxFood: The restuarants were fare, I think what made them worse was the fact that the prices were out of sight! Now just to be clear we live in the heart of NYC and are used to paying high prices at restuarants but we usually get what we pay for here...at the Ritz it felt like we were being taken advantage of...$58 per person for the sunday buffet at the restaurant Mares!! Im sorry but no breakfast is worth $58 per personNeedless to say we will not be coming back here and have called off the plans to have our wedding here next year...starting our plans back at ground 0 But if you do plan to visit san juan after exploring other hotels nearby the Ritz is your best bet  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	2	4	3	4	2	

<Author>MichelleFrida
<Content>Constant air plane noise eventually you will get used to it I just returned from a 3 day 2 night stay with my friend as a mothers day present. Our husbands bought us this trip to get away and relax, which we did. I would recommend this hotel for a quick stay only. It is beautiful, has wonderful service, but the noise from the airport is frighteningly close. You hear the planes landing and taking off and I swear you can almost feel the place vibrate. You do not hear the noise in the rooms. Thank goodness. After a while you do tend to not notice the planes as much, but, it I was a little annoyed that in the reviews I read before my trip, no one mentioned this little issue. So, FYI if yo are really looking for peace and quite. Do not choose this location. Way to close to airport.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>2	4	5	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>xglitterchickx
<Content>Was expecting more... We stayed at the Ritz from May 28-June 2, 2007 for our honeymoon. I had been reading every review written here on trip advisor for the past 6 months. I figured most of the bad reviews were overexaggerated because it sounded like a wonderful place. I was expecting all the great things that all the other reviewers were raving about...but got none.  Let me preface this review with the fact that I am in no way frugal about spending money. I do not cut corners and try to save a buck. I knew that this place was spendy and we were prepared. BUT... when you have the option to spend large amounts of money on something advertised as this I would expect this exceptional service and 5 star treatment that was promised. We got to the hotel about 7pm with not even an offer to load our bags for us. Checked in and was given a room on the 7th floor. By the sound of the other reviewers, it seemed like the Ritz likes to accomodate celebrations with free upgrades or special perks upon arrival. Since nothing was offered, I just figured I'd ask if there were any upgrades available, and that we we're just married on saturday. (It was 7pm, how many $450.00++ /night rooms were gonna be sold after 7pm?) She told us that we could upgrade from our parking lot view to an ocean view for $100.00 more a night...or to the club level had many rooms available for an extra $250.00 a night. We said no thanks and carted our bags upstairs on our own. The room was nice and clean. Very nice room. Big plasma screen tv, computer desk and a loveseat. Large and very comfortable bed. Marble bathroom with bulvgari shampoos, soaps and shower gels. Two waffle robes in the closet. Room also had a mini bar, $3.50 for cans of pop, mms, $5.50 for mini liquor, $27 mini bottle of chardonnay ect. In room safe, coffee maker, ect.  Was impressed by the room and the housekeeping staff. Only thing I was not happy with housekeeping about was that they came at 7am and knocked twice and on the 3rd they just used their key to come in. I am sleeping in on my vacation, so when it says 'privacy please' on my door I do not appreciate you barging in. Especially when the past few days we had gone over this already! However, they did a very nice job and always came back and cleaned while we were gone. Skip the room service if you can. We used it twice and I dont think it was anything special. (Stay away from the seafood linguini alfredo. Trust me!) There were 2 steakhouses, II Mulino and BLT. Didn't eat there, but they looked and smelled nice.  I read other reviews on the exceptional guest service and how the staff was all 'my pleasures' and knew your names. The only people who remembered our names and used them while we were there were the parking attendants. Did not see any of these personal notes and little gifts that are talked about. I was lucky if they remembered to leave bottled water. Also, there are some extra fees... the hotel charges you a 10% a day resort fee. Then you also have to pay either $17 (self) or $25-$28 (valet) a day for parking. When you order room service there is a $2.50/person fee plus the 17% gratuity added on.  Like mentioned in the other reviews, there is noticeable plane noise. It was not constant, and not extremely disturbing, but you can hear it and it could be distracting, I guess, but it did not bother us. The pool was beauiful and so was the beach. No problem finding chairs anywhere. There were no kids overtaking the pool durning my stay... but I did see the $18 kid's pail and shovel that another reviewer was talking about. (LoL) I didnt hear or see planes taking off while lounging on the beach. The casino was exceptionally clean and accomodating. There was no smoke (I think there is no smoking in PR anymore) and the servers were quick to refill you if you tipped enough the first time. At night it got a little busy and sometimes the locals weren't too happy to share a table with you. Most of the dealers didnt bother to speak with you or really interact with you unless you spoke spanish. I can honestly say that these employees were really interested in doing anything other than dealing cards. They spent alot of time looking around and talking to each other from table to table durning the game. My best advice to you is to buy the insurance on the rental car if you get one. There is apparently no rules or regulations on the roads. (I only got stopped because I was driving unbeknownst in the bus lane LoL) but the officer barely spoke english so he just told me to do a U-turn in the middle of the road (which is common) and continue on my way. AND... beware if you drive into old san juan. Very tight squeezes and alot of odd one ways...  All and all if I was ever to return to PR, I would stay here...only beacause everywhere else looked like the ghetto. No kidding.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	5	3	2	4	

<Author>kzdallas
<Content>Always first class... Just had a great stopover in PR at the Ritz. Always first class in every way. Had a seventh floor room with a beautiful view, good food, friendly service, no hassles. The beach is very nice for an urban beach and the grounds and pool area are spotless and lovely. Most of the rooms, however, do not have balconies, so you might get an ocean view room (which has a pretty view) without a balcony.The casino is fun and the hotel is in walking distance to other hotels along the Isla Verde strip and to other places to eat such as Metopol across the street. Good food, good prices. If you've stayed at the Ritz elsewhere -- NYC, DC, etc. -- you might have expectations that are a bit too high for an island resort. In the islands even luxury resorts work a bit different. The pace is slower, there's heat and humidity to deal with, and it is sometimes difficult to keep everything in top order. And this is true no matter which island you visit or what hotel you stay in. But the Ritz does an excellent job trying to please. And we were very pleased with our visit.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JJQuick
<Content>Great Hotel! The Ritz Carlton Hotel in beautiful Puerto Rico was beautiful, beautifully furnished in a nice sized room. I thought the bathroom was a little small. In my opinion there were not enough towel hooks to hang our swim suits to dry. But bathroom was nice. Hotel Staff - staff was accommodating. Concierge always gave nice recommendations on where to go visit in town and where to go and eat.Location-this hotel is literally on the beach. If you want something beach side then this is the place. You can hang out by their large pool and then walk a few steps to access the beach. It's easy to hang by the pool for a couple of hours and then walk to the beach for a while then go back to pool. My husband and I managed to do this for a couple of days. It does not get old. We were there for RR and thats what we got ! This hotel is not near Old San Juan. You can catch a cab to Old SJ for $20 each way. Hotel Food - the food was good but --be ready for the price. It is expensive. First we ate at an outdoor cafe/bar. It's near the pool and beach. Our lunch consisted of 2 sodas, a chicken wrap and a hamburger with fries. This totaled about $40 not including tip. We had to remind ourselves this is the Ritz. It was good food though. We also tried room service. This was great. I ordered a pizza for myself (It is enough for 2 people) and it tasted great. Casino- This was always crowded. It had tons of games to play. cha-ching!Spa - We had to try this. My husband and I both had a swedish massage at the spa. This was great. We didn't know it at the time but you can request a couple's massage. Cost $150 PP + tip. Overall-We had a great time at the Ritz. It is pricey but you get what you pay for!!  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mmnyc91
<Content>wouldn't stay there again Beware - this is not a place to travel with children unless your fine with spending $18 to buy a plastic pail to take to the beach. The food was absolutely terrible and there is no place to walk outside the hotel with children, unless you'd like to teach them a lesson in abject poverty. Worst of all the windows do not open in the guest rooms, so if you like fresh air, forget it. Also the beds are extremely hard, and you can hear the elevator beeping all night long along with the sounds of the casino - this is from the fifth floor. Further, the beach was beautiful and the staff was very friendly but you can hear planes taking off every few minutes.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelinfromDC
<Content>Perfection! We've just returned from a four night stay at the Ritz and just can't say enough good things about the experience. This was a celebration of our anniversary and also a 'BabyMoon' as we are expecting our first child. We chose San Juan because it was a safe, Caribbean island that was easy to get to from our home in the DC area. We chose the Ritz because we found a wonderful deal on Expedia and just really wanted to be pampered and relax.Our room was on the Club Level and the staff there was SUPERB! Their professionalism, friendliness and warmth was extraordinary. Their interest in us and desire to help make our stay extra special really made our trip. The Club Lounge is a lovely respite and a nice place to relax, enjoy the beautiful view, and have some light meals. Our ONLY criticism of the Club Lounge would be the lack of variety in food choices. It was the same thing each day for breakfast and lunch and very similar options for the evening presentations as well. It just got a little boring after 5 days. That said - we still enjoyed staying on this level very much and the VIP treatment was a real treat.We spent most of our time at the pool - which is OUTSTANDING! I can't say enough good things about the beautiful setting. There were always plenty of chairs and umbrellas and the staff was readily on hand to get them set up for you and move an umbrella to the location of your choice. We are not sun 'worshippers' (and are shocked by the number of people who are) - so we always picked a shady spot and were pleased with our options. The pool was very spacious and has a wonderful layout that never feels crowded - we were always able to find a secluded (and shady!) alcove to relax in. The rafts they put out every day were a nice touch. And we absolutely loved the pool side grill.... beautiful views of the ocean, friendly and attentive staff and very good food. (Try the Puerto Rican sampler - delicious!!!)Our room was nice - we did not have an ocean view but the opposite side overlooks palm trees and the airport in the distance. We didn't spend much time in our room - but we actually did enjoy watching a few planes come in from time to time. And we NEVER heard planes in our room and the few we heard poolside were not disruptive in the least. Do NOT let this property's location put you off. If anything, the proximity to the airport was a plus to us b/c it allowed us to spend more time relaxing and less time traveling!Bottom line - we absolutely LOVED the Ritz and would go back in a heartbeat. We highly recommend it to anyone. Enjoy!!!  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>malayalee
<Content>Fabulous Fabulous, beautiful resort. Fantastic pool and beach area. Water sports available - some are free with the room i.e. catamaran ride, kayaks, and some for extra charge i.e. jet ski, parasailing. Very friendly staff. Located right next to the airport but we were not bothered by the occasional jet engine noise while poolside, and can't hear anything once inside the hotel. The casino is good as well...all your standard games (blackjack, craps, roulette...) but the poker tables hardly ever had a quorum of people to get going. Be prepared to spend a pretty penny while you are there...even if you get a good room rate, food and drinks in the resort are expensive. We took taxis to Old San Juan for dinner several times ($20 each way) - many excellent restaurants there....Parrot Club, Dragonfly, Baru.Overall I highly recommend it if you have the money to spend.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>UsaS.
<Content>Impressive.. We just came back from Puerto Rico with our 2 and 4 year old. We had an excellent time. The room was clean and the pool and beach areas were beautiful. But what truly made the difference, was how professional, friendly, and helpful the staff was, from the time we checked in, to the time we left. Yes, the airport is close, and yes you can hear some planes taking off, but definitely not a problem as described by other readers. If anything, the proximity is great when you are traveling with children. The casino has a private entrance. Old San juan is a must see and is about 15 minutes away. We took a club room with access to a private lounge. This was probably the smartest decision we made on that trip. The staff was incredible (Thanks Brandon!) and so accomodating. Yes it is pricey, but in this case, you get what you pay for. We will definitely go back!  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>THECC
<Content>Beyond Reproach One expects high standards from Ritz and San Juan delivers.What I liked most about this incredible resort was informal elegance. As a beach resort and with today's more casual market this property excels.Front office, housekeeping and food service people were all pro's. The mantra of Ladies and Gentleman serving Ladies and Gentleman is alive and well here.Keep up the great work!  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travel_Taylor
<Content>Fantastic Service!       Our gift from housekeeping  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Beaglehouse
<Content>Eh...       9th floor view  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>georgeandsheryl
<Content>A first class experience My family (wife and 2 kids, 12 and 15) recently returned from a long weekend at the Ritz Carlton in San Juan. We arrived at 2PM and were told our room was not ready yet but was invited to have a complimentary lunch at their restaurant by the pool while we waited. The food was delicious and the service warm and friendly. After lunch we checked in to our standard room (two double beds with a view of the pool and partial view of the beach). The wall mounted flat screen tv was great, as were the Bulgari toiletries in the bathroom. Over the next couple of days we sampled the continental and buffet breakfasts (the buffet is easily the better value, though both are expensive, as expected). One day they set up a barbecue grill poolside and prepared hotdogs, hamburgers and chicken sandwiches to order. For a break on the wallet we breakfasted at Denny's just outside the property. We jetskied, parasailed and hobi catted on the water, all of which was terrific. The beach is really nice, water is beautiful and warm and the staff sets up chairs/umbrellas for you. Uniformly the staff is pleasant, friendly, knowledgable and are well trained. There is a high ratio of staff to guests so you are never in want for long and sometimes they seem to anticipate your needs before you do. In short, I highly recommend the resort and would stay again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SanDiegoBusyWoman
<Content>beautiful, if only they could manage to clean my room The hotel is beautiful -- the beach, the pool, and we really enjoyed the spa. The most significant problem we had was getting housecleaning to make it to our room. We stayed for four nights and had no problems the first morning, but a dismal experience in the following days. The highlight was definitely the spa and fitness center. The facilities were excellent and the wide array of fitness classes were a strong feature. The food -- we ate at both Mare and the new Mulinas -- was excellent. Major problem: getting the room cleaned by a reasonable time (and one day they never came 'til the turndown).I came back to my room at 4:50 pm the second day to find still no one had come to clean. When I called, I was told that they worked from 9 to 5:30 pm, so they would probably be along soon. :( I was very disappointed by this standard and told him that it was not appropriate for any hotel, let alone a Ritz Carlton; but the gentlemen told me that they had a lot of rooms, so this was how they did it. He was willing, he said, to put me down to get service earlier for the next day, although he said this would just mean some other room got serviced later. I asked that cleaning be completed by 1pm (that's my standard, even if it isn't theirs). The next day, my husband returned at 1:45 to find no cleaning had been done and went to the front desk to get I'm so sorry. I will call them, it will get done right away. By 3, still no cleaning. As a breastfeeding mom away from her baby, I NEED to be able to relax and pump on time, not waiting and calling and waiting and calling to get know I can relax and pump uninterrupted. The manager was apologetic, but was not able to actually get things done right.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	5	3	4	2	3	

<Author>ParrotCay
<Content>OH! How the mighty have fallen, North Caldwell, N.J. My wife and I have stayed at this hotel appx. 10 times over the past 5 years. We have loved it so much for short getaways that we decided to go for our 2nd anniversary. We arrived 3/28 and were given the wrong room. After few calls we were moved to the proper room. I don't know how they could let anyone stay in that 1st room it was dirty.Spent 1 1/2 hours Calling guest relations to have roses brought following day, anniversary, to our room. Finally got through. Roses never came. Called guest services and I was told guest relations gone for day but will give rose petal turn down that nt--never came either.Dinner at BLT was very good and waiter Wilson was awesome. Went back again had different waiter rude and obnoxious and hurried. Il Mulino--NY it is not--my wife's pasta wasn't Al Dente it was as hard as the table. I had risotto which had no taste and the shrimp tasted like BLEACH. The restaurant is at the Casino entrance and some of the tables are outside literally at the casino steps. I had a view of the back of a casino plasma tv.The place was full of kids. I have kids of my own but this was a first on any of my visits here.It was like Disney South. I guess the no passport requirement to PR might have had something to do with it. Some of the kids were well mannered and polite others were just reckless and brazen-and the parents could care less. Kids would pile 6-7-or 8 floats on top of each other and others couldn't use them parents said or did nothing 1 child was hurt when he tried to stand on his creation.The staff now consists of locals who really could care less and you can tell they are there just to collect a check. They used to import staff and train them well. Two exceptions--Wilson as noted--and Blaine who sold me a watch at Little Switzerland in lobby--really pleasant and attentive.The hotel is weathered as noted by the landscaping which was not kept as it has been in the past.Spa--my wife loved her massage with Evelyn--I on the other hand received a 50 min. massage in 30 mins since they were running late and it was interuppted when masseuse had to leave the room for some inexplicable reason.We are sad to have written this review but did so in the hope that someone from Ritz would read it and try to bring this previous diamond in the carribean back to its former luster.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>justhte4ofus
<Content>CAN"T WAIT TO GO BACK! We just returned from a week at the Ritz Carlton in San Juan, Puerto Rico and all I can say is that it was one of the most fabulous trips we have ever gone on.We went during the school break. My husband, myself and our 15 year old daughter and 10 year old son.. When we arrived there was some confusion with the room. Let me tell you that we were upset at first but then one of the managers, Carlos came over to us and was genuinely concerned and only wanted to make us happy. Eventually the problem was rectified and I have to say that he handled it incredibly professionally and made us feel like he actually cared.Next, we stayed on the club level. I don't think I can even begin to describe how incredible the cub level was. The staff on the club level just couldnt do enough to make us happy. Everything was my pleasure and the funny thing was I really felt like they meant it. Rita, Venus, Rey, Robert and Brandon, the manager would have gone to any length to please us and all the other guests on the club level. I seriously felt like royalty as did the other people who we met who were also staying on the club level. They were just unbelievably incredible and I must say it made the vacation even more enjoyable.When I booked this I noticed many people commenting or asking about the club level and for those who are curious I will elaborate a little bit on the club level. They had 4 food presentations per day. Breakfast, lunch, hors d'oueveres and deserts and after dinner drinks. The food was so delicious and presented so beautifully, the staff was so nice and the room was so nice with the outdoor balcony overlooking the pool and the beach that you could stay there for every meal if you wanted to.We had made dinner reservations before we left New York and everything changed when we got there. I can't even tell you how helpful the club lounge staff was. Every time I changed my mind they changed the reservation. It was unbelievable. And, every single request I made (and I made many) their response was always My Pleasure. I can't even begin to say how wonderful they were. The beach was absolutely beautiful. Never ever had an issue with getting a chair (or four) wherever we wanted them on the beach. The pool was a little bit harder but just harder to get a chair where you wanted it if you didnt come early in the morning but I NEVER had a problem getting chairs at the pool in fact one day I really wanted to be in the first row around the pool and the pool person actually moved chirs closer to eachother to make room for 3 chairs for me in the first row around the pool. Also, we never, ever had a problem getting anything at the pool or on the beach. There were always waiters and waitresses coming over to us. that was never an isue. Also, by the pool for the kids they made snow cones for no charge and always had cold bottles of water at the pool and at the beach and they weere free. Also, they would come around the beach and the pool and give you cold washcloths which I thought was very nice.The rooms were beautiful. The resort was beautiful immaculately maintained. The water sports on the beach were great, totally accessible and most of them were free. I could go on and on. It was a fabulous vacation, a fabulous, beautiful resort and the staff really set the Ritz Carlton apart from other resorts. If you go make sure to look for Carlos at the front desk, and Brandon, Rita, Rey, Venus, Robert and Brandon and the others (I just can't remember all their names) in the club room.We can't wait to return!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>BlueLuna
<Content>Excellent service but didn't knock my socks off Overall this is a lovely property and the staff treats the guests very well. Here is a breakdown of my experiences.The room and property: Nice enough, very comfortable beds, marble bathroom. Some of the furnishings were a little worn. It wasn't run down but you expect a little more from a Ritz and for what you pay to stay there. The pool is gorgeous, common areas are very pretty. Lots of attention to the little details, aesthetic pleasures.The location: Beach is pretty, clean. It isn't a white sand beach, though. The airplane noise others have written about does exist, but it is not really noticeable with the sound of the surf and wind. Very minor issue. Nobody on the beach peddling goods so it is relaxing. There is a little toddler playground, some hammocks. Only one shower to rinse off sand. The hotel itself doesn't have much around it and you need to take a taxi to Old San Juan and other attractions. This is expensive and next time I would consider renting a car.The staff: Professional. Very good customer service. Greet you by name. Go out of their way to make you satisified and correct any grievances. Friendly and helpful, leave you little welcome gifts and personal notes. Nice little extras everywhere, like you would expect at this level. Cool wasclothes by the pool, citrus water and complimentary fruit. Everyone spoke English and were happy to accomodate and answer questions.The food: In this area I would have to say that they are not up to par. We ate at Mares a few times. The breakfast buffet is fine, but not excellent in any sense. The guava pancakes were good as were some of the pastries, otherwise it was pretty mundane.The dinner is mediocre and I definitely expected more.Spa: Nice. Good massage therapist, professional. Waiting area for services was noisy. They add on the 20% gratuity. Mine was worth it, but you might want to decide for yourself.Value for the money: I'd rather have a shorter vacation at a Ritz than a longer one at a lesser hotel, however, this particular Ritz, although very good overall, still needs to step it up a bit for the price. They add on a daily tax and resort charge which total over $100 per night in additional charges. There are a lot of little extras, but you more than pay for every little bit of it.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bams4446
<Content>From a child-friendly perspective, they should take a cue from the 4seasons This resort touts itself as child friendly and does have some amenities for children. However they do not go the extra step like the Four Seasons. For example, the Four Seasons provides diapers, swim diapers, baby floats, toys, and most important, strollers. This makes travelling extremely easy -- you need a car seat stroller to fly, so it's so nice to be able to avoid bringing a second one for the beach/pool. Of course, the Four Seasons charges a resort fee too -- but it's the convenience of having those items that make it worth it.I had been corresponding with the Ritz about these items for weeks in advance of my trip and did not get a straight answer as to what they can provide or not. Responses are very vague, which makes it quite difficult to pack. If I were them, I would take a cue from the 4S, spend a few hundred dollars on a handful of strollers and baby amenities and advertise it as a convenience. As of now, I will go back to the 4S where it's quite clear what they provide and it is very easy to travel with children.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mandirae
<Content>Classy hotel, but too near airport... Recently returned from a two night stay at The Ritz. I had read other reviews about the close proximity to the airport, but kept hearing it was NOT an airport hotel. The rooms are lovely, but small. The beds looked more comfortable than they were. No balconies. The pool area was very crowded as it was holiday week and they had a large group in attendance. Somewhat annoying when trying to secure lounge chairs. We unfortunately found the sounds of airplanes taking off annoying. Could not see them from the pool, but the sound was loud and you could smell the fumes! The casino was very nice. The restaurants in hotel were good, but as expected expensive. They could use a Starbucks- or similar for take out late night coffee or light breakfast fare. Limited options for breakfast-other than full buffet-$25.00 /or cold buffet $19.00. Could order a la cart-which is best option if prefer lower cost and lighter fare. We saw many go off property to eat dinner-which is an option due to close proximity to Old San Juan. We were there only two nights, so we opted to stay on property. Stayed at The Westin Rio Mar for 5 nights prior to The Ritz(can see my review there) and enjoyed the pool/beach seen better there. Was more relaxed. Lovely hotel, but prefer a more relaxed setting that still retains an air of luxury. Ate lunch at Barrachina's in Old San Juan-known for Puerto Rican fare. This was recommended to us in town. The food was good, but waited 45mins from order time -for food to appear. They have great Pina Coladas.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lulubelle33
<Content>Fun in the Sun!       Pool area.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Scout007
<Content>wonderful stay... but we'll stick with 4S       View from Beach  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>atluser
<Content>Pretty nice, but not one of the better Ritz's If you are used to other RCs, this won't be impressive. The club level was packed - hard to even get anyone to help for questions. Lots of kids running around. Small beach and very windy, so for our 4 day stay, we could not do any of the resort activities that involved the water (kayaks, sailboats, etc.) Rooms were avarage, almost all with no balcony (I think it's beacuse of the airport proximity). Planes didn't bother us, though.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kirfunk
<Content>Loved it! Didn't want to leave            
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>joeinnyc
<Content>Nice hotel, but not for a Ritz I stayed here with my wife for four nights in March.Rooms: The rooms were very nice. Housekeeping did an excellent job. We had a pool view which in reality could have been a partial ocean view. No complaints, other than that none of the windows open. (Digressing for a moment, this seemed to be a common theme in Puerto Rico. Beautiful weather, beautiful scenery, but most of the restaurants, etc were all indoors, with the A/C cranked up to the mid 60's.)Gym: The gym was nice for a hotel gym. Great treadmills and other cardio equipment with individual TV's. Spa Facilities: I didn't get a spa treatment, but did use the locker room. The steam room was nice, the sauna was very spacious (but co-ed, which I thought was odd to be sweating buckets in front of the opposite sex).Food: The breakfast buffet was so-so. They could have used more varieties of fresh fruit and another guy working the omelet station. Service was spotty and was downright horrible one of the mornings. The lobby bar was good because they had live entertainment at night which was nice to come home to. There was a seafood buffet on Friday night that wasn't very good. They had raw oysters, a rarity for a buffet, and I quickly figured out why after I spit the first one I tasted out. I hope that they had been frozen first, and they were horrible. There was an Il Mulino in the casino and a BLT Steak. I highly suggest that you avoid them both and come to NYC if you would like to try either. San Juan isn't Las Vegas, and the restaurants were very overpriced and were hollow shells of what they should have been. It's sad that Tourondel has attached his name to BLT Steak in PR and I plan on writing a letter to let him know how bad it was. It was foreshadowing when I sat at the bar for a cocktail and asked what kind of bourbon they had and was told Jack Daniels or Canadian Club (neither a bourbon) and then was mocked when I asked that a glass of red wine be poured in a wine glass meant for red wine (they had given me a narrow white glass). They apparently thought I wanted a bigger pour (it was a bigger glass). Someone at a dive bar should expect better, much less a Ritz where their motto should be to serve it to me in my shoe if I request.Pool area: Crowded, but you could always find chairs. The pool service was horrible.Final thoughts: I'll try not to rant, but I really wish resorts like the Ritz Carlton would take a cue from the Four Seasons and STOP CHARGING RESORT FEES. Please, just increase the price of the room. It's not fair to business travelers, who may not use the pool, and not fair to people who expect some decent service out of their 10% ($60+). The pool staff could not be bothered to set up a chair, no one came around to give water much less drinks, etc, etc. Please, just charge it as part of the cost of the room, and then make your workers actually work for the possibility that they might get tips for doing what should be their jobs. Everyone just feels ripped off, and no one wins.The service at the Ritz could have been much better. It wasn't bad, except at the restaurants, but it wasn't 4/5 star either. They need to get better food and/or get the backers of their 'name' restaurants to give their brands a little bit of attention. In the end, it鈥檚 still a Ritz Carlton and a good hotel. But I wouldn鈥檛 recommend that anyone not already going to San Juan go there and I would advise those thinking of it to consider alternatives.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marshg1
<Content>"My Pleasure" that's the theme of The Ritz!       My Pleasure, that's the theme of The Ritz!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	2	5	5	

<Author>An_Honest_Reviewer
<Content>Great hotel but... My husband, my 16 month old son and I had to travel to Puerto Rico for a family emergency. We ended up booking Friday night and Saturday night at the Ritz Carlton. First the good: The grounds are beautiful and the staff is great. Everyone greeted us, and were very friendly to my infant son. The food was exceptional and the service, as usual for the Ritz, was great. Also, I believe the beach was private which is unusual for Puerto Rico. Most hotel chains share the beach with the general public. Our room was a standard entry level room with partial view of the ocean. The room was somewhat small as we couldn't fit the crib in there comfortably so our son slept in our bed for the two nights. The bed was a California King and had plenty of room so it wasn't a big deal. Overall, I feel that it was above average. Now for the bad (which really isn't too bad), I didn't feel like the Ritz catered to families. There was no kiddie pool and the one and only pool was 3 feet deep all around. Unless you have an inflatable toy for your kids, you will be holding them the entire time. I also don't think the pool was heated. I know it's 90 degrees, but it felt cold when you first got in. My son did not enjoy it at all and we had to spend the morning by the pool while my husband visited with family. We paid almost $600 per night, at that price, I would have liked to have a heated pool. There were no playgrounds for the kids to play or an area where you can let them go wild. There was one saving grace and that is at Mares - their casual restaurant. It turns out they lend hotel guest a DVD player with Disney movies so the kids can be entertained while the adults eat. It was the first time I can remember having a hot meal in ages. Overall it was a good stay. We had to check out of the Ritz and check into El San Juan as they were booked and that really made me appreciate the Ritz so much more. I'll write a review about El San Juan as well in case you are interested.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Bababooey_Land
<Content>Excellent Stay at the Ritz 鈥?highly Recommend. We stayed at the Ritz for 5 nights in Feb. This was our first time staying at the Ritz at PR. We have traveled all over the world and have stayed in Ritz鈥檚, 4 seasons ,etc..so in this review I will try to compare this to similar hotels in this category. Overall, this was an excellent resort and made our stay very relaxing. We went withour 15 month old and the staff couldn鈥檛 have been any nicer. Here is the skinny:Room 鈥?we paid for a Club Level room with a Balcony, Ocean View. The room they gave us was a 鈥渏r suite鈥? It looked to be about 550 sq feet..vs 400 for the regular rooms. As other posters have mentioned, the regular rooms are on the small side. The room was extremely clean, maid service was excellent. Bathroom was very nice and ultra clean. Everything looked new. Very nice plasma TV in the room, plenty of drawer space, closet space, etc. one huge negative with the room, the crib they gave us was not good. It did not seem safe and it was dirty, scratched up, etc. It was the second crib they had rolled into the room, so there wasn鈥檛 much we could do. Next time we go, I would bring a pack n play. Didn鈥檛 use the balcony too much, as there were no lights for night-time use.Club Level 鈥?We ate breakfast and lunch everyday there. it was excellent. The staff goes out of their way to make sure you are happy. It was extremely easy to manage since we brought our 15 month old. They also had high chairs. At night, they have deserts, wine, beer, mixed drinks, etc. coffee and tea all day long. they have 4 food presentations/day. Well worth the extra money, especially if you are bringing kid(s). They have concierge services and can check you out of your room. We used them for reservations. Staff went out of their way to provide food for child (even saved some bread and cream cheese from breakfast for us each day for our son). The club level made our stay! It was so convenient to just roll in have all the food right there, eat a light lunch and go back to our own thing. Much quicker than sitting at a restaurant, I鈥檓 sure.Pool 鈥?is extremely nice..perfect size..no problems getting chairs, with lots of shaded areas. Servers don鈥檛 start until noon, it would have been nice if they started earlier. Most people are down at the pool between 10-11am. The pool was not heated..and surprisingly enough, the water was chilly! Tip to management, heat the pool! The hotel has a small shop near the pool with any outdoor necessities, like sunscreen, bucket and pails for children, etc. it did rain off and on a couple days of our trip. Ocean 鈥?excellent. Very nice strip of beach..again, plenty of chairs and lots of shaded areas. Water was warmer than the pool. The beach right in front of the hotel is private, but keep in mind to each side of the hotel, the beach is public. Keep in mind for walks on beach.Food 鈥?we ate at Mares (hotel restaurant)鈥ood was good. BLT Steak - very good..just like any other steakhouse, staff was eager to please. Il Mulino 鈥?excellent. Highly recommend. Again, service at all 3 restaurants were excellent..very friendly. Room Service 鈥?we ate twice..food was OK and very expensive. Spa鈥攐n the small side, but luxurious and treatments were very good, relaxing, on time, professional. Locker room, showers were clean and stocked. 20% gratuity is added to all services, which you can adjust when you check out of the spa. I added on gratuity in each case. Very pleased with therapists. However, the quiet room was NOT quiet as it over looks the lobby of the spa.Casino 鈥?larger than I expected..very nice. I was impressed. It was crowded at night..lots of locals play there..and it gets smoky!Noise Levels 鈥?There is SLIGHTTTT noise in your room. And you hear a little plane noise in the pool/beach area. Coming from the NYC area, the noise didn鈥檛 bother us. The planes take off AWAY from the hotel and do not fly right over the hotel. One night during our stay there was a wedding in the courtyard, and we heard noise/band music from that. Otherwise, a very quiet hotel stay. We did not hear any noise between rooms. Felt like we were in our own private place.Overall, we had an excellent time and would highly recommend. Easy flight to get to PR, no passport needed and 5 mins from Airport. Staff was top notch.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kebdc
<Content>The Ritz Rocks We just returned from an amazing three-night stay at the Ritz San Juan (March 1-4). Upon check-in we were offered a choice of the standard room we had originally booked - with two doubles and a view, or a club-level room with no view (well of the very nearby airport and mountains) and a king-size bed - at the same rate. We chose the club-level room and we were glad we did! The club was just down the hall from our room and seemed to always be open for a different meal or cocktail or snack. Each day there were four services: a continental breakfast, lunch, cocktails and hors d'oeuvres, and desserts and cordials. The meals were buffet style and were light, healthy and delicious. It doesn't get much better than your boyfriend handing you a glass of champagne during your shower because there were two chilled uncorked bottles at all times in the club room down the hall. The club staff members were very friendly and helpful. The club room had a beautiful view of the pool and ocean and there is a balcony with seating if you want to have your meal outside (this more than made up for the airport view). There are also books, iPods, and a computer for your use. Considering the price of the meals in the hotel - according to other reviewers -(we wouldn't know because we never had to pay for any of them) and the price of drinks - Club Level is the way to go if it's an option for you. We checked-in late - around midnight - so maybe that had something to do with our luck. Our room was beautiful and roomy and room service was impeccable. A fresh orchid along with chocolates and fresh bottles of water were bedside each day. Plenty of fresh new towels in the bathroom - along with robes and slippers. Other reviewers complained about the water pressure but I thought it was fine. If you want lots of water pressure go stand under one of the lion spouts in the pool!The hotel is lively - yet quiet and elegant at the same time. One night there was a live bongo performance in the lobby that was fun to see - but for the most part it was quiet. We were fortunate to have beautiful weather each day - around 85 and sunny and breezy. The ocean water was very warm and the sand was soft and clean. We never had to wait for chairs or towels at the beach - although chairs by the pool were a little difficult to negotiate.If you know how to sail, then definitely take adavantage of the catamarans available - and included in the resort fee. Fortunately my bf is an expert sailor and handled our boat effortlessly - however we saw a couple of peeps have difficulty turning their boat around and coming dangerously close to drifting upon the sharp coral that is just below the water surface in some areas. Ouch!As far as other activities at the hotel - the spinning classes run by Francisco were challenging (I'm told) - although I would pass on the beginning yoga class (Jackie) - unless you have never taken a yoga class before. It was basically 45 minutes divided into 10 minutes of light stretching, 20 minutes of ab work, then 15 minutes of lying on your mat (I guess that was supposed to be shivasina). I heard Francisco has a fantastic hatha class, but I opted to sleep-in instead.I highly recommend Evelyn if you are going to have a massage treatment at the spa. I chose the 50 minute deep tissue and she was excellent. It was a perfect massage experience. The padding on the table is heated and feels amazing. They also use heated and scented towels and pillows on your eyes, legs, and under knees - usually considered signature treatment at other spas.The casino is super-fun, although a little more low-key than the one at the Hotel El San Juan which was absolutely packed. At least at the Ritz you never had to wait for a spot at the table and you didn't feel like a loser for making $2 bets on roulette! The other casino was a little more intimidating in my opinion. At the Ritz If you get a players card, then make sure the dealers know you have it and give you credit accurately for your time and average bets.The dealers were very friendly - although it took a little while to get a cocktail. The pool area at night is beautiful. The lights, palm trees, pool, fountains, flowers and warm breezes are amazing. You can hear the coqui frogs - although I'm told they are not really frogs - throughout the grounds. They sound like chirping birds. I was also told their little chirp means I love you, but maybe they just say that to woo tourists.Old San Juan is beautiful both day and night. During the day check out the grounds of the Fort El Morro and Fort San Cristobal. In town there are many shops, restaurants, and art galleries. Also - outlet shopping including Coach, Polo, Dooney and Burke - and a few others I can't remember.For our one night in Old San Juan we had dinner at Barrachina. It seemed a little touristy but we decided to stay for dinner for the hour-long flamenco show. The food was ok, but the show was fabulous. Not only was there a spanish guitarist, but also a singer - in addition to the three flamenco dancers. Service was a little on the slow side but the drinks were stiff. If you go there make sure you keep your receipt. We were half-way across Old San Juan after dinner in an alley on our way to the New Yorican, when one of the waiters from Barrachina tracked us down saying we didn't pay! After producing our receipt the thankful waiter returned to the restaurant - but it could have been a not so pleasant situation. After dinner we went to Marmalade for a digestif. Marmalade is a jolt of contemporary and chic compared with the more romantic Spanish atmosphere of Barrachina that included candles, wrought iron and other Spanish decor.If you are in Old San Juan and need taxi service back to the Ritz, then call Ana Figueroa with Island Taxi Service (787-450-3242). She is a taxi driver/ tour guide and is super -fun and hilarious (and informative). We laughed with her the entire cab ride back to the hotel.We spent one night hanging out at the Hotel El San Juan. I mentioned their casino above...They also have a few restaurants - including The Palm - where we had dinner - and a nightclub and an additional live music lounge with dancing if you are in the mood. I had probably the best mojito I have ever tasted at the bar along the wall next to the tobacco shop.It was a fabulous trip. The Ritz was amazing. I would go back in a heartbeat!One last tip though would be to carry-on your luggage if possible. The SJ airport was nuts on the way out and United still doesn't know where my suitcase is. But the direct flight home cannot be beat.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>caryaf
<Content>Elegance, with a glitch or two!! This was our first real trip to Puerto Rico, and the Ritz Carlton was our choice based on prior excellent experiences at other Ritz Carlton's!Unfortunatley, rain for three days and cloudy weather on the fourth dampened our experience, but the one and a half glorious sunny days, of our five, were spectacular.Quite simply, the Ritz in San Juan is an elegant hotel with all the good things that implies! The grounds are spectacular -- like visiting a botanical garden. The pool is elegant, the beach is superbly maintained and spotless.There's a sense of graciousness and quiet throughout the hotel. The lobbies are superbly maintained, and all the staff is quick with a good morning! which quickly extends to the guests making things so very pleasant here!At the pool and beach areas there are more than a sufficient number of people to help you with chairs, towels, drinks, and so on. Each is friendly and eager to help.But this IS an expensive hotel! Our ocean view, balcony room was large and most comfortable. The bathroom almost larger than some hotel rooms I've stayed in. Beds are comfy and cozy, and there's a huge flat screen TV.All this was for a room rate over $750 per nite, with a 10% charge added on for accessories like beach towels, use of the gym, etc.It's pretty much impossible to eat for less than $25 per person for breakfast, and a simple lunch is in the $35 per person range. Dinner is even more. All this is without liquor.BUT: the food is superb, the service excellent and the prices are what you would pay in any similar restaurant outside the hotel.Some other small annoyances:Room service was slow, and breakfast took over an hour, althought they promised 20 minutes. The food arrived cold. We were scheduled to go off for a day of touring, so this was quite inconveninet. In response to our dissatisfaction, though, the $55 breakfast for two charge was removed from our account.While the people in the hotel are incredibly friendly and helpful, many of the systems in the hotel, such as the one designed for check in, failed them. We waited all afternoon to get our room, which was a disappointment as we had paid extra on our air fare to get to Puerto Rico early. A promised upgrade, for which we were paying an additional $150/nite (club level), never materialized.A few mechanical problems also cropped up, such as the door handles falling off the balcony door, and the airconditioning thermostat failing on the first day.BUT:Puerto Rico is WONDERFUL! A GREAT VACATION SPOT! The food was fabulous everywhere we went, and the people bend over backwards to help. It's a very friendly place! Old San Juan is fabulous to walk around in, and there's just so much of interest in other neighborhoods.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ljepotica
<Content>Awesome Getaway! My boyfriend and I spent the long weekend of Feb. 16th at the Ritz and had a remarkable time! I've read many of the reviews before I left and honestly cannot believe some of the people that have negative comments. Either theyre too old to be traveling and should stay home or they must be very demanding (obnoxoius) people! The hotel is second to none.  We unfortunately were very delayed due to the snow storm in NY and arrived at 6am. We had to wait for our room to be ready but we were compted a free breakfast ($60) and were upgraded to an ocean view suite.  The pool was beautiful but we opted for the beach since there was more of a breeze from the ocean. There were a large amount of children there but I think most of them were in a day camp and even the ones that werent..were no bother. If you like to workout..they offer some good classes which are all included in your resort fee. I ran on the beach one morning which was kinda hard since the sand was so soft but nice nonetheless.  We ate breakfast at the restaurant every morning but if you do not want to spend the $ or do not want the continental breakfast they offer..there is a dennys right outside the hotel. We decided to eat at more authentic restaurants so we tried Baru in Old San Juan and it was delicious. We also ate at this small restaurant called UVVA. Its located at a hotel in Ocean Park (about 5 min away) called Numero Uno. It is just like Pamelas but less known and you can eat directly on the beach. Food was great and it was very romantic. All in all the Ritz was great and coming from NY..it was the perfect getaway weekend trip. We cant wait to go back!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>aledo99
<Content>Disappointed in noisy crowded worn out hotel!! My husband and I just returned from San Juan. We enjoyed the trip but were disappointed in the atmosphere and condition of the hotel. Worst Ritz Carlton we have ever seen! The new Courtyard Marriott next door is much less crowded, new, and much less expensive! (Usually could not compare a Ritz Carlton to a Courtyard Marriott!!!!)  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stjlva
<Content>Enjoyed our stay at the Ritz! We really loved our stay here. It was our first trip to San Juan and our first stay at a Ritz Carlton. We were very impressed the room was really nice with a flat panel tv , the bed was heavenly I didn't want to get out of it! The bath was beautiful with marble everywhere. No balcony's. The hotel and staff here are excellent. Although, the breakfast is alot of money $25 each for the buffet. We found a Starbucks at the EL San juan Hotel which was a 10 minute walk down the road. So we ate breakfast there each morning. The pool and beach area are beautiful. The casino is great and definitely get a casino card we had $200 on it by the end of the weekend and you can use it towards your hotel bill. We ate at Il Mulino very good restaurant. I definitely recommend a restaurant named Pikayo in the Museum of Art in Condado. This was really expensive but the best food I have ever had. Also, in Old San Juan a nice restaurant named 311. It is French and it was also really good. Enjoy San Juan we are already going back in three weeks . Next time we are staying at Intercontinental. But I 'll miss the Ritz.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BigAppleWriter
<Content>Beautiful hotel and location, service needs a little help.       Ritz Carlton San Juan pool and beach  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>seew0rld
<Content>Great Hotel... Love the Pool  I went down for a weekend for a wedding. The hotel  food is excellent. The area is close to downtown which is near by to everything. The hotel is a bit pricy but worth it.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>amirgold
<Content>Great place for families! This is my second trip to the Ritz and each year they impress me more. This time we went with our now 2 1/2 year old and our 8 month old. Here is a breakdown (I like to write, sorry):Room - We stayed in a Standard room which we were a bit worried about, but got an excellent corporate rate (I would ask for one when you book) for the room. The room was very nice with plenty of towels, flat screen tv, plenty of towels and drawer space. It was a bit smaller than I am used to but that becuase e got 2 double beds, one for us and one for our daughter plus a crib. We found out later that a King room has a pull out twin sofa and more room. They supplied us with a nice Crib at no charge. This really impressed me, the maid came in a knew we had a toddler, next thing I know we had bed gaurds set up. They store your empty luggage too.Pool - Nice pool and only 3 ft deep. I guess this is the only non kid friendly part since there is not shallow 1 ft area for kids, but it was fine since we broght a floatee. Staff always there to set up chairs. Get this, they have pack-n-plays that they will set up for you. Tons of rafts to lie on in the pool. Only other drawback, its a bit chilly when you get in but gets to be refreshing afterwards.Ocean - Probably the best part of the hotel. Clean, great sand, very warm. I didnt expect such a nice beach on the atlantic but it was great. I dont care what anyone says, Ritz has the best beach location in Isla Verde. Plus once again staff there to set up chairs with umbrellas, set you up with pack-n-plays, buckets and shovels, fruit. Plenty of boogie boards, sail boats too.Food - Food was eh. Breakfast buffet got a bit boring after a while, expecially for $25 a pop. Coffee was very weak (I like my Coffee) We ate a few nights at Masa which was also overpriced for the quality. Sushi was good though. Didnt try to gourmet places so cant comment.Casino - Was nice. Fri and Sat nights they have poker which was a good way to spend time. Get a comp. card if you go, I got $50 added to my bill when I left and trust me, i didnt spend that much money or time there.Staff/Service - Excellent! Everything was My pleasure. Had an issue with a food delivery, got $100 knocked off my bill. Went to breakfast and dinner with my daughter, had portable DVD players brought to us each time with Dora the Explorer, toy balloons..one night they brought her ice cream on the house. I asked for a to go box for breakfast and some water to go, I got a big bottle of Figi water and 2 containers to fill up for the day (one way to save money). They definetly made you and your children feel welcome and pampered. I expecially likle to nightly turn down service with chocolates and more free water.Resort - The nice part of it is that everything is right next to each other, within 2 minute walk you can get from your room to the pool then to the beach. Everything was very clean (I saw them cleaning at 4AM when my daughter woke and I had to roll her back to sleep). Hallways and lobby were always clean. BTW, all of the above amenities were free of charge although you pay a 10% resort fee for it but its nice not to have think about that :)Overall great experience, keep up the good work Ritz! I hope to be back for a 3rd next January.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travel2001
<Content>Great Hotel Experience; OK for a Ritz Carlton We just returned from a 7 day stay at the Ritz Carlton. The hotel property was beautiful in true Ritz style. The entry way was grand and the gardens surrounding the pool area were stunning. The pool itself was a nice size and the temperature of the water hovered around the chilly mark. The beach was nice with plenty of chairs, umbrellas and hammocks. The workers for the pool and beach area were always very helpful with the exception of the waiter staff for serving up drinks. They were in short supply and we frequently went to the outdoor bar ourselves for our drinks. The spa and fitness center were very nice with full days of scheduled workout classes by the hour starting at 7:00am. The biggest disappointment was that several of the rooms on the property did not have balconies. We were told it was due to the close proximity to the airport and the extreme noise from the planes. We heard only muffled sounds from the airport in our room. However, we heard our neighbors kids and conversations quite clearly in the connecting room. The hotel was very accomodating and moved us right away into a new room. At the Ritz, we dined at Il Mulino which we would highly recommend. The food was good and the service was exceptional. We also dined at Mares which was ok but expensive. The service was not very good. We also dined at the 3rd restaurant, a NY Steakhouse, BLT.The food was good, the price was high, and the setting was not nearly as intimate as Il Mulino. We would recommend the restaurants, Pamela in Condado and Tangerine in Isla Verde for dinner. Also, the bar in the San Juan Beach and Sand Hotel called Liquid was a nice roof top venue which overlooked the ocean and beach.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	3	4	

<Author>Antsvaykay
<Content>Amazing!! The Ritz Carlton San Juan is absolutely amazing. From the time I stepped out of the car I received the service that keeps me coming back to their hotels. The hotel is breath taking, the grounds are beautiful, the pool is so big and open 24 hours. The restaurants on site had mouth watering food and the staff is top notch. The rooms were oversized and I could have had a party in the bathroom - that's how large it was. The Ritz has a nice beach with hammocks and plenty of seating. It rained one of the days I was there and the hotel offered movies, games inside, etc. Just simply an amazing hotel!!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LillianLM
<Content>Fabulous vacation destination My husband and I just got back from a wonderful 4 night stay at the Ritz Carlton. We were extremely pleased with this hotel. I let the hotel know when I booked it that it was a special occasion (my husband's 50th birthday) and, on our first evening there, they set up a complimentary bottle of wine and a delicious dessert. The staff really goes out of its way to be friendly and accomodating. We had a few lunches at the beach/pool restaurant and ate dinner at the Mare, the Ritz Carlton's seafood restaurant and these were very good experiences. (There is a good casual restaurant across the street called Metropol, as well as one a few blocks down in a strip shopping center.) At the Ritz-Carlton, there are plenty of available beach chairs, both poolside and on the beach. We booked an off-site catamaran trip through the hotel, which sailed (with about 35 other people) to a small island to snorkel. That trip was well worth the $83 price (about 6 hours on the boat) and included unlimited food and drinks (with rum, if desired). The R-C offers a full day of varied exercise classes, if that's your thing. Francisco's abs and gluts class was a really challaging workout. My only complaint was with the concierge, who only called our room at 7:10 p.m. to let us know that our requested 8:00 pm reservation at the Palm Restaurant at another hotel was unavailable. I made the request at 10:00 a.m. that morning; there was no excuse for hearing back so late of the unavailability of the requested reservation. Also, while it's true that the hotel is right across the street from the airport, I was not bothered by the airport noise, which I thought was minimal. We never ate breakfast at the hotel but walked to Denny's (out the door, to the right, about 1 block down) or to Starbucks (inside the El San Juan Hotel - out the door of the Ritz,, to the right, about three blocks down, but in the hotel.) All in all, we found the Ritz Carlton in San Juan to be a fabulous hotel, which lives up to the Ritz's fine reputation.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Donnercruz
<Content>A Really Nice Place This is an extremely nice hotel. The staff go out of their way to take care of you. The prices are extremely high, but you get most of what you pay for. It would be nice if they had more of their food choice from local favorites rather than just American food! We had so many great flavor choices on the island and none of them were here. Room service was excellent though.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>erinems
<Content>Good hotel...bad restaurant.... Definetly a good hotel, but I will not recommend BLT steak. If you will like to eat in a steak house go to next door at The Palm or Morton's at the Caribbe Hilton.(we went there for one of our nights and we loved it!) The Concierge was fabulos!!!! They send us to the best restaurants....of course they are the one that told us to go to Morton's. Just remember if you stay at this property you will love it...but ask the Concierge for their favorites restaurants, if you like the best. Rooms they were Ok, but a little pricy for the space and no balcony. Il Mulino was great! Italian restaurant also inside the hotel. Old San Juan is just 15 to 20 minutes in a taxi $20.00 one way. And the staff at the hotel is great exept for the staff at BLT, because they are a restaurant from NY I'm thinking that the staff and especially the managment is not part of the hotel. I've been to the one in NY but believe me is totally diffrent.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>M_Boyd
<Content>It was nice but definately not worth the price they charge The Ritz in Puerto Rico is really nice and the service is amazing, but I would never stay there again if I went back. First of all I wouldn't recommend staying in this area, you're a stones throw away from the airport so while relaxing on the beach you hear the jets taking off and landing. It was a late honeymoon for us and we'd just found out we were expecting and our rate was 710.00 a night and we had read some posts about the hotel being so good at upgrading on special occasions but nothing - we had a view of the airport and the parking lot. The service at the hotel was definately excellent and if you have money to throw away I guess you'd think it was worth it, but for 700.00 a night plus a 10% resort fee you'd think you'd just get something worthwhile there. The continental breakfast in the mornings is 17.00 which is crazy for some fruit and pastries. I personally think the other hotels in that same strip are just as nice and not nearly as pricey. I don't think the Ritz is at all worth the cost unless you can get it online for a discounted rate.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crispex
<Content>Wonderful Hotel and Service Stayed at the Ritz Carlton three days, November 27,28,29,2006 and had a WONDERFUL time.Stayed on the Club level floor which the staff there is absolutely great! There isn't anything you could ask for which they diidn't do for you and the service was very personalized. Certainly worth the extra dollars for this type of pampered service.The rooms on the Club level floor leave a little to be desired. It was an average size with a small desk in one corner. Expected more to the room on this Club floor.The Ritz Carlton grounds, hotel and pool were immaculate. The casino serves you constantly. They are always around and you can get anything from coffee and a snack to soft or alcaholic drinks. All in all, I say kudos to the hotel and staff members.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>acctgdweeb001
<Content>Loved this hotel My wife and I just got back from a one week vacation in Puerto Rico and we stayed at the Ritz Carlton. This hotel is fantastic. The staff is very friendly and helpful and the grounds are immaculate. There are a number of wonderful restaurants in the hotel and there is a great gym which offers a number of exercise classes that my wife enjoyed. While staying there we dined at Il Molino the Italian offering and it was fantastic. There is also a casino on the premises if you enjoy that sort of thing. We did hear a number of guests complain that the slots did not seem to pay very well. There are also a number of other little restaurants within walking distance of the hotel which are a nice break from the $50 breakfasts at the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hate2go
<Content>It exceeded my expectations. Having stayed at the Ritz in St Thomas twice I was looking forward to my visit to San Juan. This was a step up in my opinion. The staff at this Ritz is wonderful. We stayed in a club level room and thoroughly enjoyed it. The room size is average at this price point, however it鈥檚 tastefully decorated and well appointed. The food is very good and the staff repeatedly extended themselves for us. The hotel itself is beautifully maintained and well staffed. We had dinner at the newly opened BLT restaurant. It was very good, however I have been to better steak houses here in Chicago for around the same price. It was packed and appeared to be the new place in town to visit. My husband thought that the hotel property itself was a little narrow. It鈥檚 not as large as other beach resorts in the Caribbean, however I imagine that property is at a prime here. I really enjoyed my stay and look forward to returning. If you can visit El Yunque National Park it鈥檚 beautiful and worth the effort.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aristophanesny
<Content>Love The Ritz San Juan We (group of couples) have been going down to the RC at San Juan and consistently find it outstanding. The rooms were big and clean and feature flat screen tvs and all the amenities you would need. Bathrooms are big. Housekeeping was very good. The grounds are very well taken care of. Beautiful resort. Pool is very nice and large (Never seen it crowded) and the beach is also very nice. One really nice thing about this hotel is it is very cozy. Everything is very close, the pool, the beach, the gym, etc and yet it does not feel cramped at all. The gym / spa are excellent. Massages are top notch and the facility is very clean. My wife took many classes at the gym while we were there. I took a tennis clinic with Miguel and really enjoyed it. It was hard to book time with him for lessons so do in advance. We ate at BLT and it was awesome. Food and service were great. Skipped Mulino's. Interesting where they put Mulino's. It is located in the casino where the big screen tv / bar used to be. Kind of a bummer that the bar is no longer there. It was nice when you wanted to take a break from the tables, plus on Sunday's you could watch the football games there. They made a lounge upstairs, but its out of the way and I never saw anybody in it my whole stay (I think they should have put Mulino's upstairs). Did I mention the casino ? In all would definitely reccomend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>jaxlax90
<Content>Great Stay Just came back from the Ritz Carlton PR. We stayed on the Club Floor, if you can please upgrade and stay on the club floor. The food and service from the staff are well worth the extra price. Overall great 5 Star hotel, the only negative was the slow service by the pool. Thanks again to everyone who worked in the club floor lounge. Definitely the nicest hotel in PR!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mommy_o_traveler
<Content>Great hotel for business or vacation This is a great hotel for either business or vacation 鈥?expensive, but nice. I stayed at the Ritz Carlton from Nov 28 - Dec 2. The first 2 days we held a business meeting there and we were all impressed with the hotel rooms, the meeting rooms and the service. The meeting rooms had wireless internet service and the business lunches were very good. The corporate rate was amazing: $165 (it amounted to $200 after taxes and resort fee, which is still a great deal). We didn鈥檛 get a room with a balcony, but the rooms still had a combination water view/pool view. Our prior meeting was held at the Caribe Hilton and this is a much better place to go for a meeting. We had dinner at the Italian restaurant in the hotel (Il Mulino)鈥?very good and very expensive. The portions are extremely large, so if you鈥檙e in a group I suggest sharing entrees or ordering the appetizer sized portions. The last 2 days of my trip my sister joined me for a few days of vacation. I was able to get the corporate rate for the remaining 2 days 鈥?what a deal! I got a pedicure at the spa 鈥?even though I e-mailed my request for a spa treatment without the 24-hour notice, they were able to accommodate me at the requested time. The posted rate was $75 but it ended up costing around $95 by the time they added tip and tax. This was the most I have spent on a pedicure 鈥?I hope it lasts. The spa service was friendly and professional. The fitness center was great and the classes were very good 鈥?not easy at all. If you take a few classes a day you are bound to return fitter than you arrived. Most of the cardio equipment had their own TVs. All headphones were cleaned after use. Water bottles and fresh towels were placed on all pieces of equipment, and the instructors would hand out cold bottles. The one negative about the fitness center was they only had 2 elliptical machines (which everyone wanted to use), and they were very much in need of service, making loud banging noises if someone used them. I found the noise quite annoying while I was exercising - They should have placed 鈥渙ut of service鈥?notices on them. The pool and the beach were nice. There was just one pool and one hot tub, but there always seemed to be available chairs. There were always lots of towel guys hanging around to find you a chair. My only complaint about the pool area was the lack of beverage/food service. There were only a few people taking food and drink orders 鈥?not enough to cover everyone. Not one approached us to ask us if we wanted something 鈥?we had to chase them down or go to the bar and order on our own. I found this surprising because the ratio of hotel service people to guests was extremely high throughout the rest of the hotel 鈥?twice when I asked how to find something ( a restaurant or meeting room), someone took the time to walk me there. The rooms were nice. The air conditioning was adjustable and there were flat screen TVs and free internet. The one thing we didn鈥檛 like about the rooms was the lack of an internal privacy lock and lack of 鈥渄o not disturb鈥?signs (called 鈥渟hh鈥?signs in the hotel). Our room did not have a 鈥渟hh鈥?sign, and a member of the housekeeping staff walked in on my sister while she was getting dressed. We then asked for a 鈥渟hh鈥?sign for the door, which disappeared the next day (perhaps taken by another guest who needed one). I would prefer a privacy lock on the door. I had an evening flight, and the hotel provides 鈥渃hanging rooms鈥?rather than let you check out beyond 1:30 PM. Overall, this was a very nice hotel, which is why I鈥檓 taking the time to write this, and I would definitely go back. This hotel is highly recommended for business travel and for a business meeting location. It鈥檚 also a nice place for vacation travelers who aren鈥檛 pinching pennies and are OK with $24 breakfasts and $14 pina coladas.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>PlateMan
<Content>Amazing Relaxing Thanksgiving       View from the balcony  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>9brady
<Content>The Perfect Honeymoon Hotel My wife and I enjoyed our honeymoon here recently. The Ritz is in a great location on the beach and in walking distance to other great hotels and restaurants. As always, we found the service to be top-notch, especially on the club level. Staff members remembered our names throughout our stay. The beach and pool areas are beautiful. We found little reason to leave the hotel more than a few times.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bullwrinkles
<Content>Nice hotel OK location Enjoyed our stay at the Ritz. The hotel is very clean and the pool area is beautiful. The beach is small but nice enough. The people who work here are very friendly and try to do their best. Yes they could use a couple more waiters on the beach. You almost feel sorry for the two that are running around to accomodate everyone. Just dont go to the beach thirsty. Stop by the lobby entrance everyday they provide a super tastey fruit juice. We had dinner at Il Mulino and it was pretty much exactly like the Il Mulino in Chicago, New york etc. I made a reservation through the hotel but upon arriving they didn't have it? Not surprised by this because truthfully the hotel seemed alittle mismanaged. Asked the concierge 4 diffrent time to help me set up a trip to Culebra and each time they told me they would call me and never did. I finally set it up for myself. By the way for 60bucks a person on a short flight (Isla nena fajardo airport) it was worth it. beautiful beach soft white sand clear blue water. Just be sure to bring off the mosquitos are crazy there! For a nite out go to Old San Juan theres a lot more happening there. The Ritz dies down pretty early at nite. For premium shopping hit Condado this is a beautiful area with alot of construction going on but it is nice for daytime walking around. Cafe De Angel is a great spot for lunch with super food at reasonable prices. The Ritz is great. San Juan is ok. Not to muchto do in San Juan but gamble. You will have to leave that area to really enjoy Puerto Rico. One final warning do not go to Lupi's (down the street from the Ritz) it is gross. The worst Mexican restaurant I have ever been to. Never got past the fake guacamole(they say is fresh) to order anymore.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pagination
<Content>the ritz san juan - the real deal I recently stayed at the ritz in san juan. We selected the ritz in san juan because we wanted to relax at close beach location. Overall i thought the rooms were nice however we could hear our neighbors every night. the service was good but not the best i've experienced.the grounds were a let down. the beach was just ok. i think i selected the wrong beach destination.the food at the hotel was good but limited. like any hotel you will want to leave the grounds to get a great meal at a proper price.o/a not a bad experience. would i stay here again for a vacation? probably not. if you're in san juan for business then i would say this is ideal for you.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	2	3	

<Author>alex8495c
<Content>The real Ritz Carlton San Juan Greetings to all, I worked at this Ritz Carlton a few years back and can really tell you about this hotel. This by far is the BEST hotel in Puerto Rico. I see many great reviews and some that dont really depict the greatness of this porperty. First, if you book thru a bargain web-site, do NOT expect the best room... but you can always count on the BEST service there is. The coqui's you hear on the gardens of the hotel are not a recording! All the staff, and staffing to guest ratio is well above industry standards, are there to help you so you dont have to lift a finger during you stay. Restaurants depict local tastes for guests to enjoy the culinary delights of Puerto Rico. If you have any special dietary needs, just ask the Concierge or anyone at any of the restaurants and they will make custom made cuisine for you!!There is a HUGE variety of dinning and entertainement choises in this porperty, the spa has the best products and staff you will find in Puerto Rico. And, I say this because as Concierge, Ive tried and been to them all! Housekeeping is there for you!! If you have any requests I recommend you leave a note on the bed or somewhere visible and the staff will try everything in their power to make it come true!! Celebrating a special date? Tell the Concierge or Guest Relations staff.. they will make your ocation is a memorable one. Arriving early? Call ahead and ask for the Front Desk, they will try to accomodate your early arrival as well as they can. Remember, this is not a huge resort, so sometimes it is better to wait for that better room to be available, and, also remember that a room to be cleaned to Ritz-Carlton standards takes from 45 min to 1 hour and a half!! But it is well worth the wait!! Check in your luggage, give your cell phone number to the front desk, walk around the beautiful gardens, have a drink at the Ocean Bar and Grill right in front of the ocean, walk around the beach, rest assured that as soon as your room is ready they will call you.Dont know about the area? Go to the Concierge desk, they will give you all the information you need! Including taxi rates. Taxi rates are pre-set in most areas by law and cannot be changed, make sure you consult the rate with your Concierge and stick to it. Call ahead if you are going to visit on high season! Ask for the Concierge and stay on the line untill you get them! It is well worth talking to them, Give them your email, fax or number, they will send you information about everything. Once you know where you would like to go, make reservations in advance, remember that everyone wants to eat at 8 or 8:30 and most of the better restaurants are not that big.I hope this is of help to you. I do miss that property and everytime I visit Puerto Rico this is the only place you will find me. Oh, and by the way, inkeeping with Ritz Carlton standards, It was my pleasure! Enjoy your trip and remember, for business or pleasure, at the Ritz-Carlton San Juan, you are on vacation.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TRAVELINGLIFE
<Content>Good Enough Discounted. Next review (see Carimar, Holland House, Grand Case)Well, Ritz-Carlton ummm it has a beautiful lobby with a lot of good property amenities best of all it has a GYM AND SPA and thank goodness we didn't have to pay extra for the gym but at $400/night I guess a gym pass is expected. The beach was okay but everyone seems to enjoy the pool a great deal. This hotel is fabulous at a discounted price it is worth exactly half the price I would only go back at $200/night and if they assured me that my do not disturbed sign would be respected. I DISLIKED EL CONQUISTADOR and Ritz might be the best accommodations in San Juan and there lies the trap. The atmosphere did scream vacation with (Coqu铆 - little frog) singing to you at the front of the hotel (I believe it is a recording) but nice. A few restaurants, concierge, high tea, and the spa helps to make your stay enjoyable. The room was spacious but best of all THE BATHROOM WAS LOVELY. I like certain basic amenities and usually won't stay at a hotel if they don't have them and the Ritz did:1. Pull out wall mirror in bathroom2. Big spacious marble counter tops for all my jewelry, perfumes, jels, lotions and potions (smile) makeup etc.....3. Shelf space in the shower and a shower line to hang towels and undies to dry.4. Spacious bathroom with beautiful tiles.5. Toilet separate (with a phone)7. BATHROOM SCALE8. Toiletries (I bring my own but Ritz was one of the two I actually would recommend for use). (Hilton's Resource spa)One BIG PEEV:Cleaning crew kept coming into my room even though I had a do not disturb sign. I usually have my things laid out just right and I don't like folks messing with that but some how my sign would disappear and in they would come, luckily I was in the room every time and sent them packing (smile). Spoke with security 5 different times (head of security even came to my room) and they would assure me but house keeping would still come in. They tried to say there might be some kids playfully removing the sign but I never saw or heard any children.They never offered any gift of apology for all the times it happened. I am glad I was there each time (at least that I was aware of) and none of my jewelry came up missing.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	4	5	4	2	4	

<Author>bartleby2006
<Content>I wish I could be a mystery shopper Some background - My girlfriend and I booked a 3 night trip on Expedia after changing our original destination, so we were offered a special room rate that included a pool view and breakfast buffet for $313. This is the off-season. Off-season runs from September to November.It's only natural to list the complaints. At the end, I'll list the positives.1. The initial check-in offered some confusion as the front staff did not recognize the free breakfast buffet. To correct this, it required a call to Expedia and then a return to the front staff. 2. There was some initial confusion checking in. Bell boys would just rush up to you and ask if you were checking in. There wasn't really any attentiveness; it just seemed more like aggression. For example, I stepped out for a second to answer an important cell phone call and the same bellboy that took my baggage initially rushed up to me again without any awareness that I was on the phone and asked if I needed any help. And then while I was talking on the phone off to the side, I was aggressively approached by another bell boy and again asked if I needed any help. And then when I walked back inside, I was rushed at once again by a third worker and asked if I was checking in. It was all strange behavior. There was also some confusion about my luggage. I was told that it was in storage because we had arrived early but when I went to answer my cell outside I noticed that it was left outside on the side where it could easily have been stolen.3. There was a large stain in the carpet outside our room door. It was there when we arrived. It was never cleaned up. 4. The mattress in the room had a bed that sagged very badly, especially on the right side. You could see the bed sagging severely. This bad mattress hurt our backs (we tried switching places). 5. The casino is a bit on the cheap side. We had to wait two hours so that we could get refunded on a $27 ticket from the auto-cash machine. Apparently, they just installed new auto-cash machines that will refund your money for tickets but they were having problems with the software. One machine wouldn't take my tickets because I had folded them. The machine in question did not give me $27 -- and just flashed over and over that it was out of order and that I would have to wait for the operator. We ended up waiting 2 hours for the manager to refund us (You can't just leave the auto-cash machine, you have to stay near it.) The manager said that they had many complaints about the machine not working but they only put up an out of order sign 2 days after the incident. No compensation was given to us for having to wait, except for a sweet sandwich. The manager said that the only person allowed to offer compensation was the CFO of the hotel; so good luck to anyone that has any issues in the casino. Don't just ask for the manager, ask for the CFO!6. This is the off-season, but there does seem to be some cheating going on by the taxi drivers who service the Ritz. For example, we were given a ticket by the taxi dispatcher at the airport that said the trip from the airport to the hotel would cost $10.50. However, when we got to the hotel, the taxi driver tried to ask for $15.00. Even after we showed the driver the ticket, she attempted to argue that we still owed her $15.00. She tried to say that she did not speak or read English. We only had 1 piece of luggage with us. I know this sounds strange but I wouldn't have mentioned it unless there were two other instances of overcharging. We had asked the concierge how much it would cost to take a taxi from the hotel to the Bicardi Rum Factory and the concierge told us $20 to 25. However, when we took the taxi, the driver asked us for $35 when arrived at the factory. And when we took the taxi back, the only available drivers asked for $40. We didn't have much of a choice, so we paid the fare.We reported all the above incidents to the Puerto Rico transportation department. I have a feeling that the overcharges were due to us staying at the Ritz so be careful. We've stayed in Puerto Rico before (4 times) but never at the Ritz and have never been overcharged on taxi rides before.7. The Ritz-Carlton accidentally revealed the industry rate that the charge Expedia when they charged us $244 in our folio. You can check your account through the tv -- I would strongly advise anyone to do this staying at any hotel. We disputed the fees as soon as we found out, rather than waiting until we checked out. Remember, we had originally booked this vacation via Expedia, so Expedia charges us, not them. The front staff took the charge off but they also revealed what they charge Expedia ($244) and the difference that Expedia profits in the markup ($69). This didn't help us out in getting any type of discount (we were on the phone with Expedia for at least an hour) but it does reveal that there's a lot of cannabilizing of hotel rates going on -- not only for the customers who pay the full $500 rate directly throught he Ritz but even for the Expedia customers who think they are getting a good deal. One Expedia rep told us that 50% of the 500 rooms at the Ritz went through Expedia. The same rep also acknowledged that the Ritz in San Juan was under close watch by Expedia due to billing irregularities.8. The food is average and overpriced. But that wouldn't be so bad if they offered some healthier choices -- including low-fat, low-cholesterol, or diabetic-friendly foods. Diabetes in particular is a national epidemic; especially among Latinos. So it's strange that the Ritz isn't health-conscious in this regard.Positives:1. Rooms are nice. We got a nice room for a great rate (or a better rate than initially expected). Nice flat screen thin panel lcd televisions. A little discrepency in that there are more channels offered on the tvs in the gym than in the hotel rooms.Housekeeping is great. Nice front staff, nice casino staff, nice food staff. Everyone tries really hard. There are a lot of good bell boys to make up for the other ones that are mindless.2. Food is overpriced but not that overpriced. You can get a Caeser salad for $11; a burger with fries for $15. We're from NYC so those prices seem within line. 3. Casino is bright and clean and slot machines seem new. 4. A lot of really great shells can be found on the beach. One of the best beaches for shell collectors anywhere in the world. 5. The entire hotel is very romantic and beautiful at night. It really shines then... the pools, the beach, etc.6. Gym staff is alert and attentive and friendly. You can get free complimentary bottles of water, menthol-infused towels, and headphones. Gym equipment was great. And like I said earlier, you can get more tv channels in the gym than you can in your hotel room.7. Business center with Internet connected computers is free.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>texashookum
<Content>Fun and Relaxing Well reading the reviews about the Atlantis in the bahamas made me look for a alternative vacation, so I thought why not puerto rico its non-stop from chicago no change of planes no hassles thru customs but I have never been. I read the reviews of the Ritz and said why not well my wife said it was her best vacation yet and we go to Hawaii every year. We spent three nights and all were fun and relaxing, took in the spa and the pool not very crowded, to in the weight room and trainer services, part of resort fee but paid that thru expedia. If you are looking for first class treatment take a few days and go to the Ritz in Puerto Rico you won't regret it.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>amazingrace214
<Content>A memorabe experience               
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>Bonita2
<Content>Ritz Carlton My husband and I just got back from an anniversary trip to San Juan where we stayed at the Ritz Carlton. We got a good price on our room through a special we found. Normally we could not afford to stay at a hotel like the Ritz and it was a real treat. I read many reviews before our departure and did not encounter any plane noise or thin walls that the reviews noted. The employees at the Ritz were fantastic and they went out of their way to make sure everything was to our liking. We walked a little ways down the street and found affordable restaurants like Denny's, Metropol, and Mi Casita for all of our meals. The area around the hotel was not that great, but after all, you are not in the continental US. Anyone who has traveled to any of the islands would understand that the way of life if just a little different. We loved Old San Juan, visited El Yunque, and enjoyed our hotel. We hope to go back soon!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NJ2Mom
<Content>Now I know what 5-star means!! We stayed at the Ritz Carlton San Juan from Friday, 9/29 until Monday, 10/2. The service was head and shoulders above any other hotel we have stayed at. The location is very near the airport but that enabled us to enjoy more time there during our short weekend stay. We heard the airplanes but, even though our room faced the airport, they never woke us up or bothered us. The casino was fun and very laid back if you are used to Vegas or Atlantic City -- slow dealers, free drinks and food!One MINOR complaint; the water pressure in our room was terrible. Others we traveled with said the same thing. If you want better (but still not great) shower pressure, use the shower in the spa/fitness center.Yes, drinks and food are expensive. For me, a $15 ocean-front hamburger was part of the experience and we had budgeted for it. There are plenty of options within walking distance (we enjoyed Edith's, between the Ritz and the El San Juan).  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nonnarosie
<Content>Fantastic Trip - Unforgettable Time Ritz Carlton-SanJuan Puerto Rico - July 31st to August 5th. Absolutely marvelous. Where do I start. The minute we walked in the door we knew we were in for the time of our life. From the beginning to the end it was a vacation of a lifetime. The room, the pool, the dining rooms were absolutely mangificient. We were treated like royalty by each and every staff member we encountered. The gentlemen at the pool bringing over towels and/or drinks if needed were so polite. The waitresses/waiters in the restaurants or at the pool area again could not do enough for you. Each and every time you needed something there was always a person taking care of you with a smile on their face. The spa was so great - just relaxing to lay in the whirlpool after a day at the pool. We went to dinner at the hotel which was unforgettable, but we mostly stayed right in the pool area and only went to the rainforest, Casa Baccardi and Old SanJuan. That took us two days and the rest of the days we stayed right at the hotel, never wanting to leave. The hotel staff made if very comfortable and exciting to be there. The hotel itself was very condusive to relaxation. Why would you want to leave paradise to go anywhere else. The staff on the concerige floor could not be more helpful. Anything we needed or wanted was at our fingertips. They even helped us in making reservations for dinner out of the hotel and they printed our boarding passes for us. What else could anyone ask for. Would we go back - you can believe that if in San Juan this is the only place we would be staying. There was not one thing that did not make us happy - this was absolutely the best vacation ever and if anyone would like us to tell about it we would be happy to do so.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Elle08
<Content>Simply the Best I stayed at the Ritz-Carlton San Juan for two night during Labor Day Weekend. The hotel and service was fantastic. We loved it. The property is beautiful. We had an oceanview room and didn't hear any airport noise. The view was beautiful and it didn't even seem like we were near the airport. There was live music in the bar which was a nice touch as well. I also enjoyed the spa which was outstanding. They gave us a glass of wine with the pedicure service which was pretty nice. I had one of their signature body treatments the Hawaiian Lomi Lomi Massage and it was outstanding. The spa service is top notch. I would stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat. I've stayed at other hotels in the surrounding area and they don't hold a candle to this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>novatravelreview
<Content>Nice place for airplane noise and slow service I would first like to say that I've stayed in over a dozen Ritz Carltons worldwide as a result of my frequent business travel. I've also stayed at several other fine hotels including the Four Seasons, St. Regis, etc. If you are used to staying in these type of hotels then please read this review VERY carefully.1) The hotel is located smack under the main airport. This means 2 things - noisy airplanes taking off over the beach while you relax and dumping jet fumes all over you it also means that city view rooms are runway view. Even the double pane glass does not drown out the noise completely. 2) While the staff is incredibly friendly, they also act as if they are on vacation. Don't expect to be asked for a drink more than once per hour at the beach and dont expect any sort of real service at the lobby lounge bar. The table next to use had to go flag a waitress after waiting 20 minutes. She said she would be right there. 10 minutes later she still was not there and the couple go up and left. The best service is at the beach side grill, but don't expect too much.3) While you expect to pay a premium for food and ammenities at the Ritz Carlton, this Ritz has taken it to another level. $18 for a Ritz Burger which tasted like a frozen beef patty. $7 for 2 pieces of sushi at the sushi bar. While the sushi was fresh they cut very small pieces that barely covered the rice...COME ON, for $3.50 per piece you could cut some fish!!4) The concierge is not knowlegeable. We asked to book a trip to a neighboring island. It took about 45 minutes for the lady to find out that there were no travel tours because it was off season. We also asked which restaurant would have a sunday brunch. The concierge pointed us to the Ritz Carribean Grill which of course did not have a brunch when we got there.5) We returned to our room the second night and our entire floor including the room smelled like a bathroom. Very gross. Also, the room next to ours had a party going on at midnight which was very loud and the smell of marijuana poured through the door between our room and theirs. When we brought our issues to the attention of the staff they changed our room from a pool/beach view to a runway/city view. I asked if this was their normal way of doing business - to downgrade their disatissfied customers. I was simply told that they were sold out, which I did not believe judging by the number of hotel room lights that were on at night.6) The casino is very stingy. Our friend was playing $25 chips on blackjack for almost 2 hours and she never got offered a drink once. When I tried to flag down a waitress she pretended not to see. 7) One day there was a parade outside the Ritz (a city organized event). About 2/3 of the hotel staff decided they were going to go watch.....I'm not sure who was on vacation, the guests or the staff?Conclusions - if you are used to staying at 5 star hotels then stay away from the Ritz. If you are not but want a true 5 star hotel experience then also stay away from the Ritz. All the marble and friendly staff in the world cannot make up for their disorganized and poorly run hotelMy recommendations - If you want to be near the airport, we looked at the Hotel San Juan, this hotel was much nicer and much more classy. The pool was very impressive and the beach does not face the runway.If you want to stay somewhere nice for vacation in puerto rico, and don't care about the airport being near you - stick with the Westin  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	1	2	2	2	3	

<Author>Greatraveler
<Content>The Best Hotel in San Juan I just got back from my trip to San Juan and I have to say that the Ritz Carlton is the best hotel in San Juan. The staff is incredibly friendly. They are always with a smile on their face and able to help you. The facilities of the hotel are the best. The pool is amazing and the gardens beautiful. The rooms are decorated very well. And they are clean and set up twice a day. It has warm colors and modern amenities. The only negative point is the prices at the restaurants. I think they are a little bit excessive. But in general is the best place in the whole area. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>My_Visit
<Content>Love going there We've gone twice in the past year for 3 and 4-day weekends and loved it. The service is just exceptional and worth the money. It's perfect for us when we want to get away for a few days and just relax on the beach or by the pool. The rates include activities on the beach, which is great since you don't have to deal with payments for everything you do. Spa, pool side, and beach services were fantastic. Definitely helped to call in advance to make spa appointments. One of the weekends we went was easter weekend, and it was packed with children. It was cute for a few minutes, but it too loud and busy to relax by the pool. Since we're looking for quiet, now we know to stay away on US holidays. But it was good to know that the resort had a kid-friendly space and activities for them.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jemill00
<Content>Just as we expected from the Ritz       One of the local pets  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jovis10
<Content>Great Sevice Joe clifton, NJ While very impressed with the overall service of the hotel and would definitly return, not all was as planned. Upon our arrivall our room was not as we had ordered (king, balcony, ocean veiw) we had received a double, pool view, no balcony, ok. We spoke with management and decided on waiting until the next day for our room. Once in our new room it was heaven. Food as you read and I did as well was expensive in the hotel, and dont fall into the continental breakfast pitfall, as i was under the impression it was included with my room through my booking with Amex it want and let me tall you it wasnt cheap I had taost and some fruit that was $40.00. I ordered the morning before a full out breakfast with pancakes bacon eggs and it only cost me 32.00 so choice wisely. Hope this is helpful.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bobnmolly
<Content>Perfection!! We just returned from a week at The Ritz Carlton in San Juan. Let me tell you what a beautifully maintained property it is. We were amazed at how clean everything is and how many people are working constantly around you!!!We took our two children, aged 6 and 9. They loved the Ritz Kids Club. It is pricey, but they went two afternoons and one evening. They went to the pool, went to the beach, played games, did arts and crafts... They loved the staff and had to be pulled away each time. We had a pool view room on the club level. What an amazing view. We were upgraded from city view (which is actually airport view) I called the hotel three days before check in and had a nice friendly conversation with a front desk clerk and requested it. Upon arrival, they told us that we would receive the upgrade, but that the room would not be ready as they could not evict the previous occupants!!! They were very gracious and gave us an interim room on the club level and paid for our lunch at the poolside restaurant. When our room was ready, they called us and gave us our keys and we were set. Great service!!!!The room had luxurious bath towels, and Bulgari shampoos and a soft bathrobe.The club level was well worth it. We ate breakfast and lunch there everyday. We only ate dinner out and saved tons of money!!! The breakfasts had juices, fresh fruit, danishes, toast, bagels, hard boiled eggs, meats and cereals. Plenty!!!! The lunches were soups, salads and different sandwhiches. They had huge freshly baked cookies that we ate daily! After dinner we would go to the club for coffee and desert. The club staff looked after us so well and went out of their way to help us with everything.We went to see the Caribe Hilton, the Marriott and the InterContinental. None of the grounds or beaches compared to the Ritz. The lobbies were also not as luxurious as the Ritz'.The service at the hotel was impeccable. We met the friendliest and kindest staff that went out of their way everyday to say hello to us and help make our stay pleasant.We loved the frest fruit and complimentary bottled water by the beach and pool. We had a wonderful time and are counting the days till we can go back!!!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stone2
<Content>KIngdom by the Sea? I think I understand some of the disagreement about this hotel. When you go to the Ritz, it's like a fantasy., You pay 300-500 a day and all the staff treat you like royalty. They have been trained to know as many names as possible and to look you in the eye and smile and offer cheery hellos. They do it at this one too. It is laid out in the Ritz u-shape. Has a nice pool, high prices and everyone plays his or her part. There are some problems, though. The airport is very close and, although the rooms are soundproof, outside you can hear the jets roar. There is some unevenness in the staff. At the beach side restaurant our waiter got the order wrong and at the lounge inside we had to search for a waitperson. Still, all were polite and generally helpful. The beach does not stand up to some Florida beaches. The biggest problem is the neighborhood. Within quick walking distance there are the kinds of things that will rock your kingdom. Strip centers, down that the heels restaurants and stores. This is changing now but the highest end restaurant is also the highest volume -- noise wise, that is. Not remotely worth the $200 a couple for a meal (if you choose a low priced wine). Again, not the staff's fault but that of the designer who did not pay attention to acoustics. So, the hotel is like most other Ritzs but a little uneven in service. It is however badly located and needs a new high end restaurant.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Margaret100
<Content>Totally enjoyable What a lovely vacation spot, we truly enjoyed our time at this hotel!! The staff were approachable, attentive and ensured we were well taken care of. The hotel is right on the beach so our biggest decision each day was wether to go to the beach or the pool!!Great stay, we will definately return.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>flojos
<Content>The Ritz was fabulous, especially.... From the minute we walked in the door we were in Heaven!!! The staff catered to our every whim. The only disappointment was the size of the casino, it was pretty limited. Also, we booked a daytour with a local American named Mike [---------------] who provided us with a private tour in his new car. We enjoyed an intimate, yet entertaining tour to many of the important sites in Puerto Rico.Another good point was the proximity to nice restaurants, shops, and casinos. Enjoy!!!!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>littlemama_n_va
<Content>Wonderful stay, clean beach We stayed here from July 26 through the 31st and this was the best hotel I have stayed at in Puerto Rico right under the Conquistador. What would make me choose this hotel over the El Conquistador is the location and the beach. Also, the pool was magnificent! The beach is super clean, except for a little seasonal seaweed in some spots. The only issue we had with our room, which overlooked the pool and the ocean, was that one of our beds was not that clean. But we brought this to the attention of the staff and they very quickly took care of it. The bathroom is not that big but very modern and clean with large mirrors and marble countertops. We enjoyed the high speed internet in our room, I brought my laptop. and the flat screen was a plus. This hotel is so quiet, the rooms are pretty much sound proof. Great for that kind of vacationer, if you want to party you will need to walk to some of the nearby lounges and night spots.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Traveler109
<Content>Terrific Hotel We just returned from this wonderful hotel/resort. We were amazed when we checked in a walked into our 10 floor ocean view room. The view and the room were great! The beach service - chair set up, etc was terrific. While I will agree that the drinks are a little pricey, part of the fun is sitting on the beach and having it delivered to you. We did enjoy heading to the El San Juan for evening entertainment, as the Ritz was a little more subdued - however it was great to return to the quiet after a LOUD evening of live music someplace else!I would highly recommend staying at the Ritz.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>maggie41
<Content>Short Stay My husband  myself went to the RC around thanksgiving, we had a great time, and the hotel was beautiful, clean and just amazing. The staff was friendly and very helpful. The restaurant food was excellent and the staff in the restaurants was above average. The hotel lobby was decorated for the holidays, which was absoltuty gorgeous. We truly enjoyed our short visit and will be looking forward to a return trip.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hilsanti
<Content>Great Hotel       Looking at Hotel  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jhh
<Content>gold standard 9th stay at this hotel, have stayed at many Ritz Carlton Hotels, this one is like staying with family, great casino, perfect beach and fantastic culture, have booked again for this November  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>a206439
<Content>The Ritz was Great !!! My wife, kids, (12 and 9), and I stayed at the Ritz from July 15-22. In short, if this isn't a 5 star hotel, I don't know what is. Let me get the negatives out of the way first, so I can focus on all the positives:-Location: It's near the airport, you will hear planes while outside and probably if you have a room not facing the pool or beach-Beach: The water isn't as blue as Cancun or Aruba, but you can't blame the Ritz for that, it's combed every day, but there's some seaweed in the water-Price: Food and drink is priced at a resort rate...expensive. Breakfast buffet $17 per person, lunch by the pool consistently cost $75 for 4, a Vodka tonic $9...this added up over a 7 day stay.Now the positives:-The Staff: In short, they are the nicest bunch of people, always trying to help make your stay a nice one, always doing extra to assist you-The room: House cleaning 2x a day, thorough, willing to leave extra waters and chocolates at turndown service-The concierge: Efficient, never steered us wrong, understood how to direct a family to the best possible dining and attractions-The pool: Clean, not crowded (even on a weekend with the hotel full)All the little details were great. Complimentary fresh squeezed orange juice in the lobby, water and fruit by the pool, refrigerated washcloths in the workout facility. This is a first class hotel. I walked thru the Intercontinental Hotel and cannot believe the Ritz is not rated higher than that place. A few other notes:-I was not charged a resort fee even though AAVacations said I was subject to one...this saved me at least $200-We ate every breakfast at a place called Piu Bello...it was a 5 minute walk from the hotel, excellent food, and very reasonably priced. They also served lunch (very good) and had GREAT Gellato. In short, I would go back to the Ritz, but probably for a long weekend or without the kids. As nice as the hotel was, it's really not geared to kids over the age of 5...but if you want to impress the wife with a long weekend away, this is the place in San Juan for sure.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LBashir
<Content>Ritz is the best hotel in Puerto Rico! Just came back from a 1 week stay in Puerto Rico and the Ritz was fabulous! I can clearly say its by far the best hotel on the whole island. The service is excellent, you are treated like royalty from the second you walk in. The spa was great, and the concierge very helpful (they helped make great suggestions, try Aguaviva in Old san juan!) The restaurants at the hotel are wonderful as well. We ate at Prime 787 which was very comaprable if not better than the best steak houses back home with impecibale service (they even wrote us a thank you note!) We also had the famed seafood buffet which was spectacular. Granted, the location is a bit weird, literally right next to the airport, but honestly who cares when the hotel is so nice. If you are going to Puerto Rico, stay here, trust me you can't go wrong with the Ritz.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Hotel  We truly enjoyed our 4 night stay at the Ritz Carlton on Carolina beach in San Juan. They were nice enough to upgrade us to a Jr Suite on the 7th floor with overlooking the pool  the beautiful beach. The room was nicely decorated and had a very large bathroom. We inspected our sheets very closely and they didn't have any holes like the other TripAdvisor guests had complained about. The nightly turn down service was a nice touch as well. The pool and beach were both very clean and there were plenty of available chairs in either the sun or the shade. The poolside wait staff was very slow (waited 30 minutes with the flag up and no one stopped) which was also a bit disappointing.The Ritz is located adjacent to the San Juan airport which makes for a very inexpensive cab ride when you first arrive. The airport noise outside the front of the hotel is what you would expect when you are roughly an 1/4 of a mile away from the only runway to an International airport. Lets just say that you do not want to have a room that is on the airport side (non-ocean view) of the hotel. The good news was that we couldn't hear anything from our room but I am sure the windows in the room directly across the hall were shaking all day long.The casinos are full of locals during the evenings and they are especially crowded on the weekends. They offer a brief distraction but definately not worth spending more than 30 minutes or $20 which ever comes first. We chose not to eat at any of the restaurants at the Ritz since we aren't keen on paying $34 for a $7 dollar steak.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mmislove
<Content>How is this not a 5 star hotel? I've been meaning to write this review ever since we got back from San Juan near the end of May. We almost didn't go to this jewel of a hotel because of a few negative reviews we had read on this site, which I'd always found quite helpful in the past (There were many wonderful reviews which thankfully we used to finally make the booking). So, after having spent nothing less than a glorious week there, I can only assume these reviews I read were written by either some local competition, out of some act of desperation, or by some very spoiled people who don't know how to enjoy themselves. We can't think of one moment, or one employee, or one venue which wasn't world class. The restaurants, our room, the casino, the pool and spa....all terrific. And the staff, from front desk to room service, were nothing short of fantastic. And, it's not as if my wife and I haven't travelled a lot, because we have. And this hotel is world class, all the way from arrival to departure. We couldn't reccomend it more highly. Okay, it's not cheap, but boy is it worth the money. PS: Spend a little more and stay on the club floor. You won't regret it for a moment. We're counting the days until we can return.MichaelNYC  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>prczar
<Content>Amazing Stay at the Ritz!!!               More photos  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfectly Ritzy We took our family of 8 (three in their 20's) to P.R. for a 4 nite stay at the Ritz. Everyone had a great time!!!! The service was excellent and the staff was very friendly. We rented a mini van and hotel parking was tight but very convenient. We did not have the noise factor that someone else complained about and there were lots of restaurants within walking distance. We recommend Platos for true authentic Puerto Rican food - large portions at good prices! The LemonGrass restaurant was pricy but the food was excellent and not too far from the hotel. Wished the stay was longer!!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>acptravel
<Content>Can't go wrong at the Ritz!!! We stayed at the Ritz June 23rd-28th, 2006. Don't listen to the reviews telling you not to stay at the Ritz. It is an excellent hotel with top-notch service, especially in comparison with the other hotels San Juan has to offer. We arrived in San Juan and checked in at the El San Juan (hotel next to Ritz) - at 3 am, with music still blaring from the pool deck keeping my husband and I awake, I called the Ritz and booked the rest of our vacation with them. We got to the hotel at 10:30am, and we're treated like royalty from the first minute we stepped out of the taxi. They took our baggage, insisted we eat a delicious breakfast, and had us in our room when we arrived! You are in Puerto Rico and if you have any cultural experience, you should know what to expect. It's not Hawaii, but that's not why you should go there. I've stayed in nicer Ritz's, but I've also paid A LOT more. You won't find a better hotel in Puerto Rico, and it's still a wonderful resort. Food was great at all restaurants - especially Prime 787. If we return to San Juan, we'll be staying here, hands down, there is no contest.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Greenie2
<Content>Good Deal if you Get a Discount       pool  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Quick Rainy Getaway My family and I just returned back from a 5 day / 4 night stay at the Ritz Carlton San Juan. I enjoyed the Ritz Carlton, as it was clean, the staff was friendly, the location was convenient to the airport (7 minutes), and convenient to Old San Juan (a must see!). The hotel grounds were beautiful!I was prepared for the food to be expensive (from reading other reviews), and yes it was! Unfortunately, it was only average tasting food. The cost.......$45.00-$55.00 for lunch for 2-3 people. I went across the street to THE METROPOL restaurant (a recommendation from reading other reviews) and ate there our last night in San Juan. Better value for your money, and the Pina Colada's are just as good, and cheaper. The cost of a Pina Colada at THE METROPOL $7.00 The cost at The Ritz $14.00 Because it was close to the Airport, we could definitely hear the noise from the planes taking off. I did not like that.The Beach - It was very clean. The water was nice. It was a little cloudy, and somewhat clear, but not crystal clear like Cancun, or Jamaica, or the BahamasWe went in to Old San Juan. That was probably the highlight of the trip (due to the weather) It was fun walking up and down the cobblestone streets, and shopping. (Girls.....if you like Coach and Dooney  Burke...there are outlet stores there, with good prices.) We also toured El Morro Fort which was nice. The view of the bay is great from there.The Weather - It rained way too much for me, considering it was the middle of June. That definitely put a damper on the activities. It was gloomy for 1 entire day of my stay.The Spa - I had a good massage there. The prices are about average (I am from LA). They include the gratuity in the cost of the massage.Overall, nice getaway. Would I stay at the Ritz again? Only if I wanted to stay in San Juan again. If, and when I ever go back to Puerto Rico, I would stay further East, towards Luquillo, or Farjado.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ATR25
<Content>Not the Best Ritz I stayed at the Ritz Carlton San Juan in January 2005 for a long birthday weekend. I had been to Puerto Rico numerous times prior and had yet to stay in San Juan. We stayed for four nights/five days and overall the stay was just OK. The lobby was nice, yet small, compared to the other hotels I've stayed at in Puerto Rico. The pool was lovely as was the beach. The proximity of the rooms to the beach was convenient. The rooms were rather boring, nothing special. First we had to switch out of our first room because it smelled terrible. We later learned you could hear nearly EVERYTHING going on in the rooms next to us. This was problematic. There wasn't even a balcony which I've had everywhere else while visiting Puerto Rico. This was disappointing given the lack of seating in the lobby. There really wasn't anywhere just to go and read a book if all of the pool and beach chairs were taken if you had an hour to kill. Given that we visited mid-January there were typical mid-day rain showers every day. It would pour for about 30-40 minutes and then the sun would return. We were irritated because maid service would be cleaning our room during this time and they were doing construction around the few chairs in the lobby so we weren't allowed to sit there. There was literally no where to go during these brief showers. Unlike other hotels who have tons of indoor space and seating just to relax and possibly go if it is raining the Ritz Carlton doesn't have a back up plan for their guests in case of rain. The food was pretty good yet overpriced as one could imagine. The night of my birthday they delivered a special birthday platter to my room containing birthday cake, chocolate covered strawberries, and sodas. Several nights we walked to neighboring hotels which seemed to be more happening at night. Granted there was live music at the Ritz casino but it didn't seem to attract the locals like the Westin did. We had so much fun watching the locals dance to the live band at the Westin.Overall I would stay here again but only for a short amount of time. If you are visiting for a week or more I would recommend one of the large resorts elsewhere in Puerto Rico. You'll never grow bored and you'll still have plenty to do in case it rains.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Amazing I went there for a long vacation, two weeks, and it was just beautiful. I'd wake up, go down to the outdoor pool, have an attendant lay out a towel on a lounge chair in the shade, help myself to the lemon/orange water at the front and just relax. Some days I'd go to the beach, have a different attendant set up a chair and umbrella for me, and relax while the waves crashed onto the shore. Its so peaceful and quiet. At night I checked out the gym, and its amazing. Five of the ten eliptical trainers and treadmills have personal TVs on the front, and several weight training machines as well. The cleaning staff comes by your room twice, once in the morning to clean, and then again to give you any extra shampoo, water bottles, towels, and chocolates you might find a neccesity. At any given time, walking down the hallway is interrupted by Good Morning or Do you need anything? you call the front desk and you hear: Hello Mr./Mrs./Ms. ______, how can i make your stay more enjoyable tonight? Its within walking distance of a car rental place, so you can drive down to Old San Juan or the rainforest if you'd like, the stay as a whole was beautiful and enjoyable.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Is this value for money? My company does business with the Ritz-Carlton, and so I stayed at the Ritz-Carlton. I was prepared to be impressed, but, I told my boss my people are Motel Six people, I don't know how to handle this kind of royalty treatment....All I could think of the whole time was this is too pricey...The people were friendly. (But they're friendly at budget motels too)The lobby was very pretty and so were the grounds. I'll grant that.The breakfast buffet was pretty but I didn't eat it because it was so pricey (no sense in having my employer pick up the check $20+ when my diet says I should eat toast and coffee...)Never ate at the pricey restaurants OR ordered room service. (too pricey)Never did any of the resort things (surfing, snorkelling, etc). [I was too tired from doing business all day]Never partook of the mini-bar (Four bucks for a candy bar, you've got to be kidding???)But here's the kicker: My co-worker travelling companion had her company business credit card declined as we were paying the check at a nearby restaurant. Upon internet research we came to find out that the Ritz charges $150 per day (!!!!) to your credit card UPON CHECKIN to protect themselves from unscrupulous users (and doesn't share this little tidbit with you). The charge does get reversed when you check out but.... YIKES. We complained to both our employer and the Ritz about this process. This is not the way to treat business travellers.Plus you get $17.90 extra charged to your bill each day as a resort fee (which is pretty standard, but it still shocked the heck out of me).I think I'll stay at non-resort hotels. . .until I win the lottery (or I get mad enough at my employer that I will want to gouge the company....)  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FamilyFlight
<Content>If you're blue and you don't know where to go to...puttin' on the Ritz Some of the complaints listed in other reviews are accurate, the housekeeping staff threw out food and drink items that were not intended to be discarded, the sheets had holes and our room type was not available at check-in. Having said that, we could not have asked for nicer Caribbean accommodations. Everyone on the staff was exceptionally friendly and helpful. The grounds of the hotel are beautiful and the beach was fabulous. Our in-room breakfasts were enjoyable and delivered at the exact quoted times. There was a nice mix of children through seniors and our five year old loved playing under the spitting lions. With so many places to see in the world, we rarely ever visit the same destination twice. The Ritz Carlton San Juan will be one of those exceptions.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>thebets
<Content>Want to go back with kids in October! WOW. What a place. But more importantly, what staff! It's my pleasure is a phrase you will hear quite often from the staff. And, by golly, you believe it! Beach is wonderful- great people set up your chair for you and even bring you a cold towel to wipe your face.Pool was very nice as well.Food was incredibly expensive. Servings are pretty large for hamburger/french fries-split with a friend!Go to the El San Juan  Intercontinental for night life, as well as some great restaurants in Old San Juan: Tantra (has belly dancers!), Dragonfly, the parrot club. MUST go to the Water Club and see the view from the top of this tres chic boutique hotel.Don't believe all the warnings about how dangerous it is- if you have ever been to a city before- you practice the same caution.Very easy cab ride to and from airport.I 'm already looking into going back in October with my children!If someone asked me if I loved PR, i'd say, I sure love the Ritz in PR!!!!Check it out for yourself!  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BrownSugar622
<Content>Great time at the Ritz!       Beautiful pool at the Ritz  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very disappointing I took my mother there for a mother鈥檚 day weekend getaway. We were very excited when we arrived. The Hotel was beautiful. Then I went to confirm some surfing lessons for my son. It turns out they were never arranged but I have the email to prove they were. Then they recommended a restaurant to us that was awful everything they served us was burned. When we got back to the Hotel and went to our room we noticed many holes in the sheets. I told the front desk and all they said was oh we are sorry. No one ever change them. When we tried to make reservations for the brunch I was told they didn鈥檛 have availability. Before I went to the hotel I had called and they told me to make the reservation when I arrived that it wouldn鈥檛 be a problem. When I ordered room service 4 times I was told they did not have half the things on the menu. My son took the gummy bears out of the mini bar and only had 3 of them we left the room and when we came back they had been thrown away. He is 6 so he was devastated and he never got his surfing lessons. Not only that but it has already been a week since I left and they charged the full amount an my credit card and still have a hold on it for the same amount that they charged.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>usckim01
<Content>Forget the negative reviews and go! My husband and I just spent the weekend at the Ritz and I'm not sure whether the people who write the negative reviews are just snobby or if they just love to complain, but our stay was fantastic. Service at the front desk, lobby lounge, restaurant, poolside, etc. were excellent. My husband and I have stayed at similar 5* hotels and at some, we felt looked down upon because we don't look wealthy...we're not flashy at all...just grounded wall street bankers in our mid-20s that happen to like nice hotels. At the RCSJ, though, we were always made to feel welcomed and didn't get a pretentious look from anyone. We were given a well-appointed, clean room overlooking the pool (w/ a big flat panel TV). I was afraid of the airplane noise, but I never heard any. The pool/beach area were spacious and comfortable. The only thing that we would have liked to see was more dining variety. We ate at the Caribe Hilton at Lemongrass and it was innovative delicious pan-asian food, plus they had lots of other dining options. RCSJ has a steakhouse, a Chinese restaurant that didn't look that good, and an American/seafood restaurant. It would have been nice to have maybe a Latin/PR restaurant. We ate breakfast at the American restaurant and it was delicious and cheap. We looked at the dinner menu and it was surprisingly very reasonably priced. We had a great stay and hope to return soon!  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice but not Great. Positives: The rooms were nice, very clean and maid service was great. Make sure you request a room with either the pool view or ocean view or you will be looking at the run down neighboring buildings. Pool area is very nice, lots of space, great service and the best pina coladas. Negatives: All 3 hotel tour operators were totally rude and acted like they were doing you a favor to even speak to you. I would suggest booking all tours by yourself. With a quick internet search you can find everything you want for less money. Avoid the chinese restaurant in the casino. It costs us $60 for lunch for 2 for food that was on par with any take out place you can find. Make sure you realize this hotel is in the middle of San Juan, lots of noise and traffic! No pristine beach. Planes flying overhead. The one nice thing about the location is that it is a twenty dollar cab ride to Old San Juan which has great restaurants and lots to do. Make sure you go to Dragonfly and Aquaviva.I would not stay here again.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Mini Vacation Destination We chose the RCSJ for its accessibility (3.5 hours from NY and no immigration lines) and the usual exectation of high quality from the RC chain. The hotel and staff pretty much delivered all that was expected, save for a few exceptions. I would very much recommend the RCSJ for anyone looking for a quick break in the sun from the East coast of the US.The RCSJ delivered on the usual good things: Friendly and helpful staff, great lobby and common areas, good dining options in the hotel, clean rooms, nice large pool and beach, great tennis courts and spa. However, a couple of suggestions/ comments on what could be improved. First, the outside of the hotel needs a clean up. The parts facing the ocean need a scrubb and a new lick of paint. Second, the food options at the pool/ beach could be improved/ expanded, as it's basically just sandwiches and salads. We couldn't get our perennial favorite of guacamole and chips, which I'd suggest they add, plus some other nibble-type food. Third, the pool and beach drinks and food service was average. We felt that we had to keep a sharp eye out for a waitress and sometimes it would take 20-30 minutes to get the drink you had ordered! A few more staff when it's busy would help. And servers should let you keep the tab open rather than expect you to close it, every time you order a drink. Finally, the room we had an ocean view (but only just), was fairly small and lacked some of the basics we have enjoyed at other RC hotels (such as dual sinks and a separate shower cubicle). While the hotel layout may not accommodate such large rooms, it just didn't feel quite up there with other RC's we have visited.All in, we had a really good time. It is the perfect location for a quick weekend in the sun and, wIth a few relatively minor improvements, the experience could have been outstanding rather than just very good. We'd go back again, but hope there is guac on the pool menu next time :-)  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gngal
<Content>Elegant and relaxing but pricey We spent a week at the Ritz and our experience was mostly excellent. Positives are:1. Elegant rooms with very comfortable beds and flat screen TVs2. Great service, definitely a cut above most Carribean hotels3. Nice facilities - fitness room, spa, fine dining4. Pool and beach - clean, very comfortable lounges, water was perfect temperatureNegatives are:1. On a crowded holiday week, pool is inadequate in size and there's no kiddie pool (Sorry parents, I know you love your kids, but swimming alongside babies in soggy diapers is not my idea of luxury)2. Limited dining facilities - If you're staying more than a few days, you'll definitely have to venture out to the El San Juan, the Intercontinental (both a short walk) or take a cab3. Pricey dining - No matter what budget you're on, it quickly gets tiresome spending hundreds $$$/day (typical entrees range $25-$40, small portions)4. Rooms are relatively small. One rollaway in the room and you won't be able to walk around.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BluesTravelerVirgina
<Content>Leadership Problems Abound; Lack of Managment Involvement My wife, and I and our 2 kids visited the San Juan Ritz this past month for a week's stay. We've stayed at other Ritz locations about four times; this was our first visit to San Juan. This particular location seems to have, what I would call, siginificant leadership problems that affect the day-to-day quality of service being provided to the clientele. This is compounded further by managment lack of involvment when issues are called to their attention. The Ritz brand has an impeccable reputation and deservedly so, but this does not apply to this location.Prior to committing to our trip at the Ritz we read the reviews and were hesitant after reading the many so-so and negative reviews. The Ritz being so expensive in itself establishes certain expectations that are hard to meet and I believed that perhaps the reviews were affected by the cost of the Ritz and not the service. Based on my stay, I feel that this RItz location cannot provide a complete level of service commensurate with the expense.Our experience was that the front desk service was marginal at best and that the concierge service was almost non-existent. There were numerous occasions when I would call the concierge to be placed on hold for ten or more minutes, promised a call back, or never had the my phone call answered, or was given wrong information. On one occasion I went down to the conceirege desk to get in line for ten minutes to be helped as my calls were not being answered. While waiting along with about 5 other clients waiting to be helped by the sole concierge, I noticed the Guest Services manager instead of helping the clients waiting in line, was off to the side just standing there shooting the breeze with one of his buddies. An absolute disgrace! This manager could have cared less and that was the sentiment that many people staying at this property observed. The front desk has similar problems. We booked our hotel directly through Ritz back in December and paid top dollar. We were shocked to meet others staying at the hotel who paid almost half of our rate by going through a discount travel agency instead of directly through Ritz. When I called this to the front desk's attention asking for them to meet that rate, they gave me some nonsense excuse that they DO in fact provide rooms at much lesser rates to discount agencies BUT would not tell me who they were or meet the same price. They agreed that there is no benefit for loyal Ritz customers to book dirreclty through RItz as opposed to going through some discount agency. Management refused to engage on this issue as well. This location needs a change in senior management as it seems that the mediocre level of performance and service of the front desk, concierge etc., come right from the top and there's nothing filtering down. Fortunately, the mid-level and junior level staff personnel are admirably attentive, professional, and helpful. The problems when things come together or are supposed to come together organizationally. Because they do not in most instances in spite of the heroics of the junior staff. Unfortunately one expects AND PAYS FOR excellent service at the Ritz. One probably will not get it at this location. In fact, I'm kind of Ritz'd out, i.e. paid a bundle, had a so-so vacation, the senior staff could have cared less (or it seemed that way). If it weren't for the junior staff, I'd have rated this hotel as terrible. BTW, the housekeeping and the restaurant/dining service, staff and facilties are excellent in spite of senior staff.P.S. I hope Ritz corporate reads these reviews. If not; they should.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>thechin
<Content>great hotel...greater service this hotel was a fantastic relaxing one in san juan. I read all the reviews and was nervous after spending a lot of money and then reading the negatives. HOWEVER,forget all the negatives. This hotel was clean, and the service was excellent. They could not do enough for us. I did see people complaining about little things.(wanted chairs closer to the pool) In addition, these people are the ones who gave an attitude to the attendants. As I sat at the pool at a five star hotel, I realized that these are the people in life that complain about everything and are never happy. Listening to these people at the pool was all I needed to confirm their winey-ness. so forget all the bad reviews. This is a fantastic hotel. Pricey? YES. However, you are at the Ritz. You need to expect it. Yes. at times I did feel ripped off. $5.50 for an icecream bar? So i didn't buy that. Have a great time and do not let the reviews bother you.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kertech
<Content>Our service was great We stayed for 5 nights during a busy week. We were greeted by friendly, accommodating staff at the front desk who let us check in early! We also enjoyed a later check out even though there were no rooms available. We stayed on the club level and enjoyed the great food and drinks (non stop champagne!) that was out every day. The club level concierge were extremely helpful and polite, addressing us by name by the second day of our stay. The dinner reservations they happily made for us (and confrimed) provided us with the best tables the restaurants had. We were not crazy about having to get up early just to get a chair in the sun in the pool area. People were saving dozens of chairs and not using them until lunch time - if at all. There was always room on the beach and we enjoyed that just as well.  The lobby is very quiet - we walked to the El Juan many nights to enjoy the busier and more lively atmosphere there.  The service was great and the hotel is top class.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>newenglander99
<Content>Outrageous! Before going to the Ritz in San Juan I had read both the good and the bad reviews. I had mistakenly believed that the extremely bad reviews were simply written by high maintenance or difficult guests and that the reviews were most likely a reflection of the reviewer not the hotel. I am pretty laid back, no frills, and I tend to be very personable, and appreciative, so I thought I wouldn't have any major problems.  My college roomate and I were staying at the Ritz for 3 nights to celebrate our 30th birthdays. Over the course of our short stay, we thought the service at the club level lounge was great, had no problem with the pool attendants and thought the spa was fantastic.But the service at the front tesk was so terrible that it ruined our entire stay. 1. Check - in - yikes! If the hotel is full - as it was during our entire stay -there is always a long line and the rooms are never ready on time. Not a big deal, but the problem is that they are rude to guests as they tell them their room is not available. Example - when they told me our room would be ready in an hour and I asked what time it was (as I didn't have a watch on), the person at the front desk sighed, showed me her wrist and said with a LOT of attititude - I don't have a watch. There was a clock behind her and she was at a computer which I assume had the time on it. Also, I had requested via e-mail and confirmed by phone a room with 2 double beds on the club level, and when we checked in it was obvious that they had given all those rooms away. Rather than apologizing for their inability to honor the reservation, they said they had a record of my request, but no record that that my request had ever been confirmed - ...huh? When I said that I had called a few days before to double check on my request for double beds, they insinuated that I was lying by stating that they had no record of the call ever having taken place. I can understand that things fall through the cracks when it's busy, but that's when you apologize and try to fix things, don't accuse the guest of lying! I got so personally offended and upset I asked to speak to a manager (which I never do!). The front desk manager did not apologize for the unprofessional manner of the front desk clerk - she simply said, Well, we have no record that you ever called so I have no choice but to give both of you the benefit of the doubt...I'm sorry but we have no proof that the call ver took place. Wow, so much for 5-star customer service. They ended up placing us on on a non-club floor but gave us access to the club lounge through an additional key - no big deal. However when we called to request the complimentary in-room coffee service given to club guests, they said that we did not have club privileges. I explained that we did have privileges even though we were staying on a different floor, and could he check in the computer to verify? The person said, No you don't have privileges and angrily hung up on me! Seriously, hung up! - who hangs up on people in a hotel? I mean c'mon, it's not that hard to call back - they are the front desk! I later learned that the system was down, and therefore the person I spoke with was unable to look us up on the computer and because I was calling from a non-club floor, he assumed I was not a club guest. But then why didn't he explain that the system was down, and they were unable to confirm my status? Note: when I called later and learned what had happened - no apology - they never apologize, sometimes explain why they are rude - but rarely an apology. There were many other outrageous experiences/run ins with the front desk - but I think these give a pretty good picture. One final example was our wake up call the day we left. I called the night before and asked for a 8AM wake up call with coffee. They called (and delivered the coffee) at 6AM. Since I'm not a morning person I didn't realize that they called 2 hours early until I had my coffee, took a shower and then looked at the clock. So I decided to go back to sleep and called back down to make sure that they would still call us at 8. The person who answered said rudely Yes, we already have it in our computer, an 8AM wake up call. I said back pretty sharply at this point, Why do you think I'm awake right now with a cup of coffee? They already called at 6. Silence, then no apology, just we'll call at 8 - click. (I wonder who missed their flight that morning because they didn't get a 6AM wake up call...)Outrageous!So, I would advise anyone to stay away from this hotel, but if you must go to this hotel my advice would be:1. Don't go at a time when it's full. (I am hoping that they're a little nicer when it's less busy)2. Keep a journal/log of any correspondence or telephone calls you make before your trip, who you spoke with, when, what they said. - you may need it later for proof.3. Be prepared for totally inconsistent service and outrageous behavior by the front desk staff.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>SaxManLI
<Content>Beautiful Lobby, Terrible Customer Service The hotel has the expected spacious and beautiful lobby and pool area, but the customer service needs much improvement. If superior service is implied in the Ritz-Carlton hotel name, then it should be delivered. Following is a letter we wrote to Ritz-Carlton after our visit - we have yet to receive any response:Dear Sir/Madam:My partner and I were presented with a Ritz-Carlton gift certificate as a Christmas gift. As we had plans to visit friends in Puerto Rico during the period from 17 to 24 March 2006, we called the Ritz 800 number and asked if we could use the certificate to spend some time one afternoon at the San Juan Ritz-Carlton pool, to order drinks and lunch - we were answered affirmatively.Shortly after our arrival at the pool at the San Juan Ritz on Thursday, 23 March 2006, we asked one of the pool staff for an umbrella, given our fair skin and the strong sun that day. We were asked immediately for our room number, upon which we explained that we were not staying at the hotel, and showed that we had a gift certificate we intended to use poolside. The umbrella was never brought, but a poolside manager was shortly sent instead to again ask us for our room number. We showed again our gift certificate and explained that we intended to use the gift for poolside drinks and lunch.The manager told us that the Ritz-Carlton gift certificates are only allowed to be used toward the price of a room, at the restaurant, spa, or gift shop. I responded to the manager that we had specifically called the 800 number in advance to ensure that we could use the certificate poolside, and further showed that there are no indications on the certificate regarding special limitations on how it could be used. The manager responded that I was wrong, that the certificates can only be used in the manner she already explained, but that she was going to nevertheless let us stay by the pool that day.Instead of the pleasant experience we had expected, we were made to feel like churls who were trying to sneak into a place we were not allowed. And the pool staff refused to bring us the umbrella we had originally requested, as we were not room guests of the hotel.As a VP for a Dow 30 company whose brand value is also largely defined by its promise of superior customer service, I invite you to please provide an explanation as to how our experience fits into the Ritz-Carlton definition of customer service, and how I should convey our experience to our friend who had given us the Ritz-Carlton certificate, which he believed was an especially thoughtful gift? Thanking you in advance for your attention and response,Sincerely,  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best in San Juan My husband and I got married here last year and we enjoyed it very much. While the nightlife is a bit quieter than other hotels, it is certainly the most luxurious hotel in San Juan. The restaurants are quite good and the service was terrific. I would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DAB090192
<Content>Mother-Daughter Getaway       The beach  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>femmes
<Content>One of the best in San Juan Just returned home from a four day stay at the Ritz-Carlton...It is by far a grand hotel and luxurious. Just a note check in is at 4pm and we arrived early, the lady who checked us in did say she would call my cell when the room was ready. It was extremely busy so I suggest checking back the desk as opposed to waiting. If you are staying more than two people and request ocean view there is no balcony and if your on the 5th floor or lower your view is blocked by the palm trees, if you are looking to stay the pool views rooms are just as good and I believe cheaper..The dining was expensive but out of this world (if you love seafood, try the buffet, it is worth the money)...Also there are many places within walking distance to eat or go out. Pool was nice and clean get there early to get a seat. All in all, this is a 5 star hotel and with it comes the atmosphere...  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel You Will Find in Puerto Rico My husband and I just returned from a two night stay at the Ritz Carlton in PR. The hotel is very beautiful and the staff was very helpful/friendly. The grounds are kept up beautifully and the beach area is the best you will find in the area. True the hotel is very close to the airport, but we were not bothered by airplane noise. The property is a 15 minute ($19) cab ride to Old San Juan. Sure you could stay closer to Old Town, but the hotels are much older and run down. You will also find a whole different crowd of people when you pay the very low rates.If you truly want to enjoy the resort,be catered to and feel safe in your environment this is the place to stay.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Understaffed, Undertrained, Overwhelmed by Full-Capacity Crowd My daughter and I stayed at the Ritz Carlton in San Juan for four nights during spring break. Having read the reviews, we knew what to expect, the good and the bad.Checking in on Sunday afternoon, a male front desk clerk said our room with two double-beds was not ready, took down my cell phone number and promised to call me in an hour and half. He did not call so I returned to the front desk at the appointed time and was told by a female desk clerk in an unpleasant, testy tone that there were absolutely no double-bed rooms available in the entire hotel and the prior desk clerk (who was no longer on duty) must have been mistaken. She also asked me what he looked like and what his name was (as if he was an imposter desk clerk??), questioning me that he had ever promised me a room. After about 30 minutes standing at the desk, instead of being outside in the sun on the first day of my vacation, (during which I overheard other recent arrivals having similar check-in problems, and people who had checked-in the day before coming to the front desk to get lunch vouchers in payment for the check-in problems they had on the prior day so there was a common problem), a supervisor suddenly was able to locate an available double-bed room, but that it wouldn't be ready for another hour so could I please give them my cell phone number? I mentioned that they already had it but they could not find it. We did finally get the promised room at around 5:30 p.m.The check-in snafu was typical. Most the staff was pleasant and helpful, but it was clear that some had not fully completed their Ritz-Carlton training class and supervision of the property and its operations seemed to be minimal and inattentive.We asked for two blankets and only one arrived. The make-up mirror in the bathroom was broken. The trash can by the desk in our bedroom was never emptied. Several of the over-worked wait staff from the outdoor grill serving the pool and beach area were noticeably not happy about their jobs. The nice young women assisting with the buffet breakfast in the lobby ($18 for Special K and a banana) were always overwhelmed. Used towels and the remains of served meals in the pool area stayed un-picked up for far too long. The beach was littered with cups, paper and other debris first thing in the morning. One mid-afternoon we went to the spa and found all 3 bathroom stalls had no toilet paper. (Something that might be seen at a turnpike rest stop but should never be a problem at a luxury hotel.)The front desk told us on the first day that the hotel was full. That should not be an excuse for mixed service and a consistently overwhelmed, over-worked, under-attentive, attitude. A well-run hotel should be able to serve a capacity crowd with top service, especially at the prices we paid.On the plus side, the food (except for breaktfast) was good, if wildly over-priced. The airplane noise was not bothersome at the beach. And the doormen and other staff in front of the hotel were uniformly helpful.Maybe this was a Ritz Carlton lite instead of a full-service Ritz Carlton as advertised?? We won't know because we will not be going back.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Be Afraid Don't be afraid, like I was, when you read scary reviews after booking your stay at the SJ Ritz. We are just back home in New York after four nights there. It's a beautiful hotel with wonderful staff, good food, great drinks, a nice little casino, pristine little gym/spa, free morning coffee and wireless access in the lobby lounge, and excellent concierge recs on nearby restaurants. The complaints about the plane noise are just silly. The hotel is indeed full of families with children, but the dozens paddling around us in the pool were are well behaved.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>princeton12321
<Content>Great time at the Ritz Stayed one night at the Ritz mid march before a cruise. Got a great rate through my company. I was first put off by how close to the airport the hotel was (I could see it out of my window when we landed). These first jitters were immediately put off by pulling into the beautiful motor entrance at the Ritz. It was just after sunset and the entire hotel was lit up. The huge fountain in the front courtyard was very inviting and set the tone for the rest of our experience. Upon pulling up, we were greeted by the most friendly doorman I have ever come across (and I stay in a ton of 4-5 star hotels every year on business). We were escorted to checkin and were addressed by name by everyone in the lobby. Checkin was quick and efficient. Even though I was paying well over half off the going rate (my company has a killer corporate rate with Ritz Carlton), we were upgraded to a huge garden suite on the ground floor. At first I was a little concerned with a ground floor room, but was told that it was one of the few balconies in the entire hotel, and it was a very nice room. Sure enough, it was alot more than a simple balcony. It was an enormous garden area with two lounge chairs and table and chairs for four. There was a large entryway to the suite, with a half bath and small kitchen. There was a full dining room and on the other side a large living room with flat screen TV. The bedroom was a little on the smallish size, but the bed was comfortable in Ritz style, with desk, minibar, flat screen TV, its own entryway, and very large closet. The bathroom had a separate room for the toilet, one sink with tons of amenities. The only big complaint about the room was the fact there was no separate shower. This is something I have come to exspect from staying in many RCs and Four Seasons, and I was a bit put off not to find one here. The property is very nice. Because of our limited time, we did not dine in the big restaurant on property, 787 Prime, but did have drinks in the bar which was nice. At first I thought the service was very slow, but this was my New Yorkness coming through, and through the week we were down in the Carribean, I realized that life just moves at a slower pace down there. Drink prices were ok, about $14 for a top shelf cocktail. There was an ok wine list, I was exspecting a little more variety. We had breakfast in the lobby lounge, which at $17 pp was a bit pricey for what it was. The food however was very good, but it would have been more fair in the $13-14 pp range. We did have lunch at the Oceanfront grill, which was very good, and while the prices were on the high side here, it was worth it. You are overlooking a beautiful beach.The pool and beach facilities are where this property really excels. The pool service includes restaurant style pool chair seating by an attendent, which eliminates the ever annoying fighting for chairs that is so prevelent at too many resorts. The casino was nice, but I didnt bother gambling. Did not use the spa---simply not enough time. Overall, this was a very relaxing start to our vacation. Would I stay a whole week here? Id really have to think about it. There are a ton of very nice resorts in the Carribean Id try first. Dont read that as a knock against the Ritz San Juan, but I have a very been there done that attitude towards places Ive stayed. We went all over San Juan the night we were there (its a $20 ride each way into Old San Juan). After seeing a bunch of other hotels, we were very happy we stayed at the Ritz--it was by far the nicest we saw. ALot more calm and relaxing rather than in your face gambling and activity. The only hotel that caught my eye was the El Convento in Old SJ. We had dinner there and it was very nice and very special. Bottom line is to give the ritz a try, I really think youll have a great time.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>susanb5
<Content>Loved It We stayed at the Ritz Carlton San Juan from 2/27-03/3/06. It was a fully paid trip from my Husband Company, but we stilled loved it. The Hotel was very nice, and staff was very friendly, from bell boys the Management. The prices for meals are very high, so take plenty of money. The food was wonderful though. The casino is very nice as well. The conceirge is wondeful on helping you out so dont be afraid to ask, weather its were to go or what to do they are always willing to help you. The beaches are beautiful and we always had a chair if needed, the staff was sure to get you one so dont be afraid of it being to crowded. Thank you for a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Huge disappointment! Several girlfriends and I stayed here for a friend鈥檚 wedding. Although we requested adjoining rooms several times before our arrival, our request was not honored. After two requests and 45 minutes of waiting after being told they were delivering our luggage, our bags remained unattended in the front lobby. Service at the pool restaurant was unbelievably slow and we never even received our complete order. Afternoon tea was a disaster. Half of us were not given plates and had to use our saucers for the food. Tea was strained for only a select few, the others had loose tea floating in their cups. Again, very un-Ritz-like service. On our second day, one of us was taking the other guests' orders at the poolside grill and another had to help work the grill!The fitness center was adequate, however the 鈥渞elaxation room鈥?for the spa was upstairs with only a curtain to drown out the noise 鈥?hardly relaxing. Worse, one of my friends could hear the music clearly during her massage! Four different mysterious dining charges to our rooms, which were removed promptly upon question.Housekeeping was wonderful 鈥?delightful women 鈥?nearly the only friendly and accommodating members of the staff that we encountered. Aside from the actual wedding, which was lovely and very well executed by the staff, this was not your typical Ritz experience. We were able to find humor in being disappointed over and over again, but not worth over $500 per night for Holiday Inn quality.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>DJK81
<Content>Excellent Service During The Week My wife and I stayed at the Ritz Carlton from Monday through Thursday and we were very impressed with the hotel and the excellent service. The grounds are beautiful and very clean. Each staff person greeted us with a smile and did their very best to deliver prompt, courteous service. I felt that we were treated like royalty throughout our visit. We had one problem at the beginning with a tub drain and it was fixed within three minutes of our call to the desk.Our experience might be different than other reviewers here because we did not stay on a weekend, when it is apparently much more crowded and prone to service lapses. During the week, the beach and pool area are not overcrowded and we could get chairs and towels whenever we wanted. The concierge was extremely helpful whenever I had a question.We ate at the Prime 787 Restaurant and it was a wonderful meal. We also ate at the Lobby Bar, Poolside restaurant, and indoor Grill. On all occasions, the food was very good and the service was excellent. Meals are certainly not cheap(this is the Ritz after all), but not wildly expensive when compared to what you pay at many resort areas.Complimentary coffee is served in the lobby in the morning. If you don't want to pay for the breakfast buffet, you can go outside to the Dennys or other local shop down the street from Dennys.As most people have pointed out, the area right outside the hotel is not very nice at all. But I can't hold that against the hotel. Although planes are taking off and landing frequently, the noise was not loud and didn't bother us at all.The hotel also allows you to use the PC computer in the Business Center at no charge and they didn't charge for local or 800 access phone calls as some hotels do.Our experience at the hotel itself was first class all the way.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SeanHickey
<Content>Would I drop $500? No. maybe $300.00 My wife and I enjoyed 6 nites at the Ritz in San Juan. We stayed on company business. I would say its an excellent choice for the gambler who wants 3 nites in Jan or Feb at about $300 per nite. It would not be worth $500 per nite on my income level. The hotel and service were excellent but the location and the beach were weak. The hotel is located next to the airport so you will wake up to that 7:30 am jet taking off. The transfers back and forth to the hotel were cheap but the nightly trips to Old San Juan were $20.00 one way. No way you can play golf without renting a car. The golf courses were located at least 45 mins to an hour away. We ate at the hotel restaurant one nite. The 787 prime served the best chateaubriand that I ever had. Everyone else enjoyed their food tremendously. The hotel had 2 tennis courts right next to the pool. There was a large casino located next to the lobby. The casino housed a nice large screen so I could enjoy my heels whip Duke. They seemed to have a band playing in the hotel lobby bar every night. The pool was large yet looked old. They need to power wash the tiles in the pool and exterior facade of hotel. The service by the pool and on the beach was excellent. The towel hut offered complimentary oranges and apples every day. One exceptionally nice amenity for the hotel was the free use of the hobie cat/catamran sailboat. The banana boat was only $15 too.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing for the Ritz After 4 days in Vieques (which I later learned that Culebra has the better beaches), the Ritz was a bit of a let down. Impeccable service and the rooms were very nice and comfortable....but something was missing to make it more than an average experience. It's near the airport so be prepared to talk loud when the 757's are at full throttle across the street. While the beaches are nice (but nothing compared to Vieques), it was over-crowded, hard to find a seat and WAY too many kids running around. It was like day care by the pool...not my scene. Romantic couples who want peace and quiet and a bit of privacy should either head over to the Vieques, Culebra or some other island OR find a high-end boutique hotel in/near old San Juan (which was the highlight of that part of the trip. Again, the service was outstanding and everyone went out of their way to make the stay enjoyable. Great for families, not so great for those who want a bit of solice on their time off.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxing Trip!!!!! My wife and I stayed at the Ritz Carlton San Juan during the first week of March. The grounds and pool area are top notch. The only reason I wouldnt give it 5 stars is because the service at the restaurants are sometimes extremely slow. A couple of days it took 1 1/2 - 2 hours to complete our lunch. We found this to be true at all restaurants throughout the island, I guess that just the way it is in Puerto Rico.  The rooms are a bit on the small side, and there are only 3 rooms per floor with balconies. Try to call in advance to grab one of the balconies. We were lucky enough to run into Janet and Raquel at the front desk and they hooked us up with a balcony. Raquel and Janet at the front desk are always looking to please.  Concierge was wonderful in helping us out with dinner reservations. Try Pikayo, it is located in a museum and is a very trendy fine dining experience.  Do not listen to the reviews of people complaining about the sounds of aiplanes passing by. Yes you can hear them from time to time, but it is not bothersome at all. We would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in San Juan.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Hotel...Wish I could live in the lap of luxury at the Ritz every day! 3 of my girlfriends and I stayed at the Ritz a few months ago for our 25th birthdays/bachelorette party. We booked our trip through Orbitz and got an extremely reasonable rate(~$280 a night)...not bad for a 5-star hotel! I must say that from the moment we walked in the door we were treated like princesses!!! Upon checking-in, the gentleman at the front desk overheard us telling some other hotel patrons that we were in Puerto Rico to celebrate our birthdays and promptly ordered 4 glasses of complimentary champagne for us! Furthermore, he upgraded us to a King-Size delux room for free!!! The bellhop also heard it was our birthdays and took us to the Club lounge were we were offered endless glasses of champagne, hors d'oeuvres, cookies, etc. It was quite a nice welcoming to say the least!By the end of the trip, word had spread amongst the hotel staff that we were celebrating our birthdays...the entire time we were there we were showered with complimentary drinks, desserts, etc. The staff at the lobby lounge even had a mini party for us!!! Needless to say, the staff at the Ritz went above and beyond their call of duty and truly made this a memorable trip. Contrary to some of the other reviews, I found the concierge desk extremely helpful. There was a food festival going on in Old San Juan the weekend we were there and therefore, many of the top restaurants were booked. The girls at the concierge desk, however, were able to get us reservations at Dragonfly (highly recommended Asian-Latino fusion food) and Tantra (great drinks, even better looking bartenders) with ease. In addition, the girl at the concierge desk gave us complimentary VIP passes to the club at the Wyndam down the street (apparently one of the hottest clubs in San Juan) which allowed us to skip the long lines and get in for free.We didn't eat dinner at any of the restaurants at the hotel, though did have breakfast/lunch at the pool nearly everyday. Service was great, food was what you'd expect from a poolside grill, and the drinks were so-so (though most of the time, we just drank the bottled water that was provided). Take advantage of the non-motorized activities...we didn't have an opportunity to take the catamarans or the kayaks out because the water was too choppy, but we wish we did! Overall, an amazing trip. The hotel is absolutely beautiful...everything is meticulously designed and cared for...from the lobby area, to the pool, and even the monstrous bathrooms (extremely useful for 4 girls trying to get ready in one room)! I certainly look forward to returning to this hotel!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelinkids
<Content>Give it a second thought We were at the Ritz S.J. over Presidents weekend. Our rooms were not ready until after 5:00 p.m. The weather was absolutely beautiful. The staff was very polite and would say my pleasure. But saying and doing are two different things. At the pool, which was extremely crowded, the service for lunch was very slow. It was 45 minutes for a hamburger. I asked for ketchup--it came after I finished the burger. I know it was a busy weekend--but the hotel should be able to handle this. I also found the restrooms at the pool disgusting. I had to ask the manager twice to have them attended too. Toilet paper would be a nice touch. There is one restaraunt for breakfast. We went through the entrance on the patio. They asked us to go back through the hotel and go to the front of the rest. to be seated. They should close this entrance so they do not offend others. We approached management again and they said it would be addressed. Many other customers were offended also. Should you need a toilet fixed, or a jammed door, or a key to work in your door--get ready to call at least twice and wait for a really long time. There is not a sense of right away at this Ritz. I stay at Ritz's all the time. Only this bad experience has forced me to write this. The good things about S.J. are the Palm rest. at El San Juan (and the disco's). The Old San Juan District was fun. The Dragon Fly rest. was good also. Just think twice if you expect good and quick service.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Ragweedchic
<Content>Not a great deal I just got back last night 2/26 from The Ritz San Juan. My husband travels to PR every other month and always stays at the Ritz. I am glad the company is paying because it is not wortht $300-500 a night. The rooms are nice and grounds is very pretty but not for the price. My husband and I travel to the caribbean 2 times a year and have stayed at far nicer places that are All-Inclusive for the same price. Their continential breakfast is $17, that is crazy for a muffin and dry ceral with a little fruit. Coffee  juice is extra. If you want a drink around the pool it will cost you $9-15. I am so spoiled by The Sandals resorts nothing compares. While we were there the beach was so crowed we would pull our chairs off the property so we could breath.If you want to see a beautiful beach find a place in Rincon and stay there not in San Juan.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>3	1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>XDARKSTARX
<Content>The Ritz Carlton --- Over Rated My girlfriend and I went to the Ritz for six nights over the New Years holiday. Ive stayed in Ritz-Carltons many times...mostly on business trips to Atlanta and many many times in New Orleans, where I travel for work all the time. The best: The pool is beautiful. The gym and the spa are also very nice. The beachside restaurant was delicious, and the bar was very nice as well. As far as amenities, this hotel is typical RC. Everything is beuatiful and very organized, the service is, in my opinion, just as it should be for 6+ bills/night for a room near the airport with a view of the ugly hotel next door.The worst: The main problem with this hotel is the constant nickel and diming and the crime situation in Puerto Rico. I felt like every time I turned around, there was another bill to sign. On our third night we took a cab to Old San Juan to check out some of the clubs, listen to some music, and feel some of the local flavor that everyone raves so much about. Very very shady. I live in freaking Jackson, MS and work in New Orleans, the street violence capital of the US. I even felt uneasy. On our cab ride back to the ritz. the taxi we rode in had a bullet hole in the front windshield (NO JOKE) It was nuts.The New Year's party at the Ritz was pathetic. Not fun at all. After paying the price for entrance to the party, we had one glass of champagne and bolted to the Hilton, which had a waaaaaaay better party, including people actually smiling, plenty of free drinks, and music that didn't sound like a broken Harry Bellafonte record.THE ABSOLUTE WORST: On our second to last day, my girlfriends diamond stud earrings and two bottles of cologne were stolen from our room. The earrings and one of the bottles of cologne were gifts that we had exchanged on our arrival. We filed a police report and a report with the hotel security. The earrings, which were $4000, were supposed to be replaced by the RC's insurance company (I had receipts). It's been months, and I haven't even been able to talk to anyone about this. They just blow me off and say that it is still Under Investigation. The Bottom Line: PR is a hell hole of crime. Go somewhere else. For the same price as the RC in San Juan you can go to Caneel Bay or Nevis. Im so pissed off by this earring/eau de toilet heist that I now stay at Le Pavillon when I go to New Orleans, even though I always had great experiences at the RC.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Coralito
<Content>Try Platos Restaurant  Platos Restaurant  Bar is a must go!!! It is walking distance from the hotel. It was a great puertorican experience.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Rick4118
<Content>Ritz Carlton light? My wife and I just spent 6 days at the Ritz Carlton, San Juan. We DID have wonderful weather, and a terrific time, however having spent time at other Ritz Carlton properties, this resort has some brushing up to do.One would think that guests paying in excess of $500 a night could expect to receive a complimentary cup of coffee. Apparently the courtesy/service patrons receive at a Holiday Inn Express does not translate here. Yes, all requests were received and replied with a, with pleasure, however should it be necessary to ask 3 times to have ketchup at your table if you're having a hamburger? Oh and before I forget, the Privacy sign on your room door does mean don't knock and try to come in in Puerto Rico doesn't it?Adding insult to injury was the inablity to get a table at their 'Signature' Restaurant. The Concierge replied (when they didn't put you on hold perpetually) 'we are fully committed. Seemed strange to us that 'The Palm', and 'Ruth Chris' could accomodate us at other Hotels on the strip, while our own Hotel pushed us aside. These other Hotels enjoyed our Casino Patronage as a result.While the Hotel boasts Tennis Courts, it was nearly impossible to reserve a court. The 'Pro' had one of the two courts tied up all day, and the other court was available very intermittently.The fact is that this is a Beautiful Property. I believe that discerning clientelle will appreciate it for what it is, and forgive it for what it is not.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lovetogoonvacations
<Content>A Great Quick Vacation! My husband and two children (aged 15 and 11) stayed at the Ritz-Carlton San Juan for 4 1/2 days in Febuary. It was a quick trip, but the Ritz is a perfect place to stay for a few days in the sun.For starters, the service at this hotel is spectacular, which we have often found to be rare in the islands where most things are done on island time. We received anything and everything asked for, and most of our requests were followed up by a phone call asking if everything had been taken care of satisfactorily. The only area that needs some help is the concierge desk. I was put on terminal hold a number of times when I called, and not once did they call me back with the information I was looking for. Basically I just had to leave the beach and go to the desk and get the attention of someone to help me if I wanted anything done or questions answered. This area is sorely overworked and service is lacking.Otherwise, our hotel rooms were very comfortable and quiet....ours had a fantastic view of the pool and beach (definitely worth it as the rooms on the back of the hotel face the runway of the airport). The beach and pool are lovely, although the pool can be a bit cramped, but there are chairs for all who want one. The beach is beautiful, although you do hear the planes arriving and taking off from the nearby airport which could be a problem for those looking for total peace and quiet. No problem for us. The service is good at both the pool and beach (better when these areas are not too crowded). We ate lunch on the beach or at the pool which was very convenient (good, quick food although expensive for what you get). The exercise classes (lots of them all day long) and the exercise room are great and the spa is wonderful. We played tennis a couple of days and the courts are adequate but the tennis clinic (lessons) are not really worth it. You need to stay somewhere else for better athletic facilities if you plan on playing lots of tennis or golf. This is really a city property and they are limited to a small amount of space.We only ate dinner at the hotel steak house, Prime 787, which was delicious and the service was very good. We also ate at 2 other restaurants that I can recommend, Pamelas in San Juan on the beach and at Dragonfly in OSJ....quite a scene with fantastic food. Loved them both. I think the Ritz should have a place to just pick up coffee and a bagel for breakfast (something for on the go....) but rather they only have a place to sit down and eat a full breakfast. All in all, this is a fantastic hotel for a quick trip for some warm weather and sun. I would not stay here for an extended vacation, but I would surely go back for another quick one.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A bit noisy but nice overall Spent the end of the week at the Ritz after spending earlier part at the Westin. The Ritz's service from check-in to getting our bags was very efficient. Reminded me of a Ritz. Although we arrived early, we were lucky to have our room ready (deluxe king bed room). Although the airport is close by, we never heard any airplanes from the room, however, to my surprise, we could hear our neighbors in their room when they laughed out loud or had their tv up especially during the Superbowl. Soundproofing was lacking btwn rooms.The pool is rather small and did not have a kid section for my 18 mo old so we spent our mornings at the beach which my son loved. We were up early every day and watched as they cleaned the beach, set up the chairs/umbrellas, etc. The gym/classes were good and enabled us to work out. We had the buffet bkfast at the Grill each morning which was solid for a buffet. We had dinner one night at the Grill which was very good and expensive. We spent the afternoons in Old San Juan which was lovely. El Morro was a hit for our son since we let him run around.One problem during this stay is that my wife lost her wallet. Not sure where but on the hotel grounds. Security helped us file a police report. Otherwise, we had a good time at the Ritz considering the cost. Service was wonderful, room well kept, lots of space and my son had a good time there.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sunbear9621
<Content>OK at the Ritz We Have stayed at this hotel approx. 4 times.Once when going cruisin,once in the summer,half price and 2 times in the winter,once ocean view,to much money,no balaconies,and city view save 100.00 a night.All on the club floor best deal of all.Wake up to bagels,coffee,fresh fruit,cereal,danish,srambled eggs,mimosas if you ask.Lunch time petite sandwiches,usually one salad,soup etc.dinner time is very nice hors D'oeuvres and wine,cocktails if you ask and champagne.Cannot beat it.The only downside i see is the hotel has no balaconies,the ocean water is not that blue like other islands,and the clientel is a mixture of vacationers and business people.To get away for a few nights is fine but if you had a week or more i think i would travel to a resort such as the ritz st. thomas,beautiful property only lacking a beach or Ritz jamaica also lacking a beach but more resort feeling.We were happy with service in the three hotels.good luck  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BeachBabe110
<Content>Not Exactly Five Star Just returned from a four night stay at the Ritz San Juan. It was very nice but not the five-star service and accomodations that you would expect from a Ritz. All of the servers were very friendly, however. It was difficult to find servers at the pool. There is only one pool (no adult pool) and there are several loud children that tended to occupy the hot tub. The hot tub is right near the beach and filled with 4 inches of sand at any given time. Not very clean at all. We sat by the fountain at the pool and found it to be much quieter. The most dissapointing aspect of the hotel was that it was not the caribbean outdoor resort that we expected. The restaurant and lobby were not as open air as at other resorts in the caribbean and had a city hotel/convention facility feel to them. This makes sense considering many meetings were taking place there and it is 5 minutes from the airport (literally, planes take off and you can hear them over the beach at the hotel). However, it was not what we expected when booking a getaway vacation. The rooms were nice, although we did have some issues with getting housekeeping to make up our room one day - did not happen until 6 at night. Prime 787 was wonderful, and so was Baru in Old San Juan. Puerto Rico is a great place to visit, but this hotel/resort was not what we expected when booking at a Ritz. It was a nice trip, but I do not think we will be returning anytime soon.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not up to Ritz Standard We stayed at the Ritz San Juan for a family vacation in February 04. The service was much more of a Marriott quality (and not even as good as some of the better Marriotts). Food quality was fine, but the service inside of the hotel and near the pool was very slow. We spent several hours over the course of our trip trying to get billing errors resolved (and even though the errors were finally fixed by our departure, our credit card bill turned out to be incorrect once again). Overall the hotel was understaffed and undertrained. On a positive note, there was exceptional service and quality at their steakhouse. The bottom line is that this is an adequate hotel for those not expecting the typical Ritz service. However, if you have vacationed at other Ritz properties, you will probably be disappointed.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JSWB
<Content>Ritz ---Not Worth Full Price We visited the Ritz in early December, and were able to take advantage of pre-season rates, which made the stay worth what we paid when booking a deal which we did via this site and Expedia. But travelers doing so must be aware of the added 20% or so to any room rate with the combined taxes and resort fee which we discovered were added after we booked the room on the site.Were we to have paid top rate, I would have been very disappointed in our Ritz experience. While staff and service were top-notch, the pool is crowded with beach chairs and with a predominantly New York clientele, many of whom speak loudly on cell phones disturbing the peace that most people seek on vacations.The beach is a better choice, and while the surf is a often a bit rough, beach chairs can be moved to more quiet locations.Most rooms have no balconies, so one cannot enjoy relaxing privately outside while enjoying the tropical sunset.We did enjoy lunches at the poolside restaurant, which were extremely well-prepared and generous in portion, though very pricey.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DeedraF
<Content>Relaxing time at the Ritz Spent 4 nights at the Ritz and have to agree with the previous review, its perfect for a few nights. We had a room on the club level and not sure if it was worth the extra cost. Breakfast was bagels, fruit, and cereals with coffee and tea everyday. Light lunch was cold cuts and small egg salad and tuna sandwiches and sodas. They had appetizers before dinnertime that was some cold shrimps and some spring rolls, things like that. If you are a big eater don't count on the club room being enough. Prime 787 was excellent for dinner. The room and hotel in general was very clean and the service was good. I have stayed at other Ritz proerties that were definitely better though.We had great massages at the spa and the pool was really nice with good service. The gym is small but had good enough equipment. January is high tourist season so I paid $549 per night for a club level room with a parking lot view. Overall, I am not sure if I would stay here again (for that price at least) but I have no complaints.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top Notch Service We stayed two nights at the Ritz before a cruise. You can't top the service. Everyone is so friendly and welcoming, I have never experienced anyplace with such good service. The concierge was excellent as was everyone we encountered. Our room was upgraded since we were there for our anniversary. The hotel is beautiful, especially the pool area. Nice beach. The restaurants are quite expensive but I would expect that. There are some less expensive places to eat down the street. I do agree that that area is a little sketchy at night. Overall, it was a very good experience.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Member212
<Content>Ideal for a Few Days in the Sun The Ritz is a self-contained mini-resort in a fairly urban area. It's ideal for a 3 to 4 night stay either for couples or families. You can fly direct to San Juan from many cities and the cab ride from the airport is only a few minutes. It has great restaurants, a large pool and a very nice beach. For longer stays, I would recommend going elsewhere as the hotel's limitations - small size, relatively few restaurants, unattractive surroundings - will become more apparent.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lissee
<Content>Relaxing My husband and I just returned from a five day trip to the Ritz .It was great! The trip from the airport was perfect 5 min and you are there on the beach within 1/2 an hour.The rooms are amazingly clean kept very nice.The first room was disapointing we were expecting a balcony .When we found out that there were only 16 on site we were surprised.I thought you are on this beautiful island and can't get air or hear the water.So we upgraded to a balcony WOW that is the way to go. We dined at Ruth Chris or the Palm we stick with what we like.The ELSJ is a great place to stop for a drink in the lobby. The beach at the Ritz is beautifulplenty of chairs and umbrellas.The food for lunch was fair not enough variety.The service was amazing.drinks at the pool or beach amzingEnjoy!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, not Great We just returned from 5 days at the Ritz. We found the hotel to be pretty nice. We stayed in a standard room with a pool view, and the room was comfortable and certainly large enough. The staff were very good and very nice, but the hotel was perhaps a little understaffed. We arrived at 1 pm, and our room still wasn't ready at 3 pm check in time, and we had only fair service in the restaurants. Speaking of the restaurants, they're probably our biggest area of complaint: the food (except for the sushi bar) was only fair, but prices for all food (including the sushi bar) were very high. The cold buffet offering at breakfast (includes bread, cereal, fruit) cost $17/person; a la carte two eggs any style cost $10 (toast cost extra). As for location, the hotel is walking distance to the runway at the airport, so when you're sitting out by the beautiful and otherwise tranquil pool or on the pleasant beach, you can hear planes engines roar and take off periodically. Inside the hotel, however, you can't hear a thing - the windows are well insulated. Still, I wouldn't want a room facing the airport. The area around the hotel is a bit grim. I think it must have been quite posh twenty or more years ago, as the neighboring hotels the El San Juan and the Intercontinental both look like they date from the 70's. But now the area looks a bit run down and there's not much in Isla Verde where the hotel is located. There's a Denny's next door and some divey restaurants and stores. If you don't want to eat at the Ritz (which I suggest), then it is a $14 to $19 cab ride to a decent restaurant, or a brief walk to either of the neighboring hotels which have some better offerings though no Puerto Rican food. The concierge was helpful making recommendations and reservations, but there often was a queue. One of the guys working at the pool told us to rent a car and drive to the rain forest rather than doing a tour arranged through the hotel's trip desk for $70/person. The concierge arranged the car rental for us ($36/day) and we drove there and had a great day. As for other facilities, the hotel's spa appeared to be quite nice and the gym was well equipped, and classes were offered throughout the day. When we were there, the not-very-fancy casino had open about 4 blackjack tables, one or two craps tables, some other assorted card games and two roulette tables, plus a slew of slot machines. It seems to attract a fair number of locals, especially on the weekend; we had fun there. Overall, it was a good place for a quick romantic or relaxing get-away, but I wouldn't bring kids here.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Welltraveledone
<Content>A relaxing experience... My boyfriend and I went to San Juan to ring in the New Year. We stayed at the Ritz which is in Isla Verde. I had a good time overall. The service was excellent throughout our stay. We were there from Dec. 30 until January 3. We knew the staff by name by the time we left and they knew us by name. There were a lot of families there with small children which surprised me. However, I didn't see it as a problem and actually enjoyed watching the little ones enjoy themselves in the pool. Isla Verde is not a resort area. We had a 3rd floor room with really no view for about $800/night. The room was very standard but clean. We didn't expect to spend a substantial time in the room anyway. We just wanted to stay in a nice hotel with such amenities. Unlike the other premium hotels on the strip, the Ritz was overall quiet and only frequented by the guests of the hotel. Intercontinental and El San Juan had too much going on for my taste because of all of the attractions in the hotels. Also, the Ritz provided every service that you can possibly imagine. This allowed the guests to retreat in the hotel for the duration of their stay if they liked. The casino was nothing to write home about but if you are a gambler I guess it will be ok. I am not a gambler. The spa services were ridiculously overpriced. I am unsure if the prices quoted to me were holiday prices or everyday prices. I just believe that a manicure and pedicure for $160 is absolutely RIDICULOUS. Although it was extremely pricy for the holidays, I definitely enjoyed the Ritz. If I went back again, I think I would stay in Old San Juan because it is less touristy and feels like you are on an island with rich history and tradition....plus I may be able to find a cheaper yet still enjoyable experience.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Area not Safe The main reason why I didn't like this hotel is the area. Not safe at all. My husband was robbed one block away from the hotel (long story). Down the road (about 6 blocks) in front of a Walgreens, I heard the police yelling at a guy who had just robbed a business and attempted to carjack a lady!The hotel is okay. Definetely not a 5 star. I have stayed at the Ritz in Cancun and Hawaii, and this Ritz does not compare.Do not attempt to drive in Puerto Rico unless you are a trained race car driver and are willing to forget your manners.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Casual Elegance at the Ritz We recently returned from a one week stay at the Ritz Carlton, and the key phrase for this review is my pleasure. We arrived at the hotel on a Thursday afternoon. As we stepped out of the taxi we were warmly greeted and our luggage quickly collected. In the short check-in line, tropical fruit juice and cold hand towels were waiting for us. We stayed in a standard room on the 3rd floor, which was spacious enough for myself, my wife, and our 14-month old daughter. The room had the standard comfortable beds, nice sheets, and quality bath amenities that you could expect from a Ritz, along with newly installed flat-panel TVs. We had a nice view of the gardens and some of the pool area, but had to crane our necks for the ocean view. Our requests for a refrigerator and a crib were met soon after we settled in, with an unsolicited offer from the porter to try and get us an upgraded room. Be aware that the hotel is close to the airport, so it is not a resort in the middle of nowhere, but rather an oasis in the city that might be subject to some runway noise. The beach is ok, with large hammocks and beach chairs available. The pool area is lovely, with plenty of available lounge chairs. The pool attendants were great, laying out towels, moving umbrellas and setting up the playpens/portable cribs that are available. One thing that surprised us was the number of people that went to the pool desk, got towels and avoided the attendants. Another surprise was the number of kids under 5 that were there over the weekend. We thought we'd be one of the only ones, but for those first few days, the pool area was full, with a good number of small kids. Throughout Sunday evening and Monday morning, many of the weekenders with kids packed up, and the hotel transitioned to a decidely more business, less leisure guest mix. This left the pool area more sparsly poulated and quiet for the remainder of our trip. Throughout our stay, the hotel was 95% full, but you could never tell. We found that the hotel did not nickel and dime on the whole, although there were some exceptions. For example, the hotel provided free bottled water in the rooms, with extra bottles available on request. Some items at the pool like soft drinks and fries were actually reasonable for a luxury hotel. On the other hand, the $6 ice cream bar was a bit excessive. Breakfast was $23, expensive if you are eating at home, but what you might expect at a quality hotel with a fairly comprehensive buffet. You can also order specific entrees like 2 eggs, toast and hash browns for $10, but order anything additional (juice, cereal, etc.) and it starts to make sense to pay for the buffet and have all the variety. The concierge was helpful in arranging babysitting, dinner reservations, and providing general travel information. What really made our trip was the responsive service level provided by the entire staff. We were always greeted with a warm hello or good morning. Virtually no request was refused, and service was delivered promptly and always with a smile and my pleasure. To put it simply, much of the staff knew our daughter by name, and seemed to genuinely enjoy playing with her, and seeing to our needs. Overall, I would say this ranks among the top hotels I have stayed in. If you are looking for a more isolated location, or a self-enclosed megaresort this is not the place for you. If you are looking for a low-key luxury experience, then this is your place.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ritz Kids I have traveled the world and choose the best Hotels and property availible in an area which I am satying. This hotel has started a program which caters to children. The club level experience felt like an elementary school cafeteria. The pool was like public pool in the middle of summer not a Ritz.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jLawrencem
<Content>Not worth the money !! I must admit that I would have given an extra star if it wasn't for the fact that I paid over $1,000/night for a small (though nice) room and everything else was overpriced as well. I can afford it, but I felt dumb. The pool and beach area is beautiful, the staff is friendly and helpful, the location is convenient (though don't count on playing golf unless you commit the whole day to go back and forth). The casino is definitely not even of three star quality: minimal credit is given for play, it is hot, and it is packed with locals playing for pennies. All in all...the hotel was very nice, but I felt had!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>eranie957
<Content>Service with a smile Spent a few days at the Ritz (first time at this hotel) 12/7/05 - 12/11/05 with my husband, 2 daughters (11 and 9), and my parents to unwind after 4 days at Disney World. What a treat! Service with a smile - and incredible food, rooms, spa, beach, pool, etc. Just what we were looking for and it was right there at all times. While it is a bit pricey for food, it is well worth the price for the pampering. The staff is extremely accommodating and never harried, always pleasant and extremely professional. A pleasurable time for everyone in our diverse party. We expecially loved seeing the iguanas around the pool area - Ritz iguanas are a breed unto themselves!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Property Ok; Service Amazing We stayed for a week in December. Overall execellent. On the downside, they took over an older property and therefore the building is a little worn. My biggest problem with the building is that most rooms have no balcony (the few rooms that do are a FORTUNE). In a place like PR, it's nice to have a balcony to unwind on in the morning or evening and hear the crash of the waves. Without a balcony, you feel a little captive in your room. Also, the rooms on the east side face an apartment building. You should definitely pay the few extra dollars for a pool view. Ask for a high floor as well so that you will also have a view of the ocean.That being said, on the service side, this place in a Ritz all the way. You will not find better service in PR. Every staff member treats you like a king. No questions asked. Nothing you ask for is ever a problem. The beach is beutiful too. The casino is very nice and open all the time. In sum, what this hotel lacks in terms of property it gains (and then some) in service.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shonuffnyc
<Content>Don't Be Swayed Overrated. Essentially, this is a Sheraton/Marriott with Ritz prices. While certainly nothing bad, this hotel does not rise to the level of expectation for something called a Ritz Carlton. The rooms are nothing special, and the service is only adequate. Our sheets were not changed in our rooms, turn-down service was basically asking if we needed more towels, and all food service was slow. Again, there's nothing ultimately wrong with that, but I certainly expect more when I pay Ritz prices. Food is fine, but the pool bar uses a machine for the frozen drinks, not a blender. Which works, just not what I expect or necessarily prefer for what I pay.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>murrayhill
<Content>The Ritz experience, with a few hiccups This was our first time staying at a Ritz-Carlton, though we've dined and gawked at others. We headed down for a 48-hour RR break and decided on a little splurge using the Fine Hotels  Resort Rate offered to American Express Platinum Card holders.If you have a Plat card, by all means, avail yourself of this service. For a $282 rate, we got an upgraded room overlooking the pool and ocean, which was characterized by the understated elegance the Ritz-Carlton is known for.The ample room came with a large plasma TV (installed the week before, we were told and a peek in at other rooms revealed they had standard TVs).The pool area has more than enough lounge chairs, and the smallish beach offers hammocks, which help you overlook the fact that the airport runway is just over a strand of trees.The staff was unfailingly courteous and helpful to a fault, and a feeling of serenity pervaded our stay that made it seem longer.The problem: Disappearing restaurant reservations. First, we made them online. I checked to confirm on arrival. No record, so the concierge confirmed new reservations. But when we went to the first one, at the Caribbean Grill, no record of us. No worries, as it wasn't crowded. Food decent, only worth it for dinner if you're not leaving the hotel grounds like us. This is also where breakfast, included in our rate, is served. My wife's egg platter on our first day came out cold. Rather than cook the eggs, they simply stuck the whole plate under a broiler. Not the right way to do things.We confirmed a third time for the signature restaurant, Prime 787, where we had a delicious albeit pricey meal -- though no more so than what a N.Y. steakhouse would cost. Only downer, when they tried to push a bottle of wine with a more recent vintage than what I ordered. When I sent it back, the right year magically appeared next.Despite that, I can highly recommend a stay. The hustle and bustle of some resort hotels, which can often feel like a rail terminal at rush hour, is noticeably absent here. You pay the price to feel special for the short time you are there, and on that account, the Ritz-Carlton almost uniformly delivers.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HWTraveler86
<Content>Lifestyles of the rich and famous!! My husband, another couple and I stayed at the Ritz Carlton for three nights and all we kept saying during our stay is that we are truly in the greatest hotel any of us have ever stayed at!! First of all the hotel is just beautiful, the rooms are so clean with only the finest amenities. The pool is spectacular, and the beach is just amazing. We had great food and really enjoyed the spa and casino. But what makes this hotel top notch is the staff and service you receive. You truly feel like this hotel wants to ensure you have the best possible hotel stay. They are so accommodating, helpful, and just nice. I left the hotel planning our vacation at this hotel for next year!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BernieMaggie
<Content>a great experience! We absolutely loved our stay at this classic hotel. We stayed one night before our cruise, and were upgraded to an executive suite on the club level. The club level lounge is a GREAT perk, I would recommend it.The staff never said no to us, they were amazingly accommodating. We asked for late check out at 2 PM, so that we could enjoy the pool, and relax, the response was no problem.We walked the beach the afternoon we arrived, which we enjoyed. The day of departure we enjoyed the pool area, which is beautiful. I had run along the coastline, leaving the hotel after taking a left, and passing the airport. A nice option for those runners visiting the hotel. This was recommended to me by the attendant in the gym. She said that it would be fine by day, although not recommended after sunset.Although the hotel is older, it is superbly maintained. The hotel is not inexpensive, but this is a case of you get what you pay for.We would not hesitate to come back to the Ritz on our next visit to San Juan, and would recommend it to anyone!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kt02363367
<Content>The Best!! We just returned from our stay at the Ritz for our Honeymoon. We were both totally impressed. We left the hotel twice and wanted to get back immediately! Everything from the room, to the grounds and the lobby were just beautiful. We were treated like royalty and look forward to our next trip there. We've told all of our friends and family they have to go. Thanks to the staff at the Ritz- we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Resort Life! The rooms, the views, the food, the service...out of this world. I have stayed in many Ritz Carlton's around the world, and this one is as good as they get and they are always great. I was on business, and the lobby bar was a terrific place to meet business associates. Internet access was terrific, which is important for business travel these days.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous!!!!! I just got back from a 6 day stay at the Ritz Carlton San Juan. All I can say is that it was FABULOUS!!! I can't wait to go back. From the moment we walked in to the time we left nothing but the best from the staff.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>babyhansm
<Content>Outstanding!!! Stayed at the Ritz from 10/14-10/17. This hotel was AMAZING in every aspect! The staff was extrodinary! Everyone, even the housekeeping staff greets you with a smile and a good afternoon. We booked our rooms on the club level after reading some reviews here and we were not disappointed. You get your own conceirge, bottles of champagne on ice all day, wine, and 4 different food presentations everyday. The food presentations are not elaborate but are very good. The club lounge is nicely decorated with comfy couches and a balcony that overlooks the massive pool and the water spitting lions. The rooms were very clean and the beds are unbelievably comfortable. There is not alot of nightlife in the hotel but the San Juan hotel next door is heaving with people and nightlife constantly and then you can go back to your beautiful hotel and crash. Brava was a fun club with great dance music and reasonable priced drinks. While in Puerto Rico visit Old San Juan. It's really colorful and there is some great restuarants and shopping. The best way to get there is to take public transportation. The bus is .25 and the bus stop is right outside the hotel. A cab ride is 20$. The bus is safe and the people are friendly.  I loved this hotel. It was truly one of the best places I have ever stayed!!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Organization I have been a member of the casino for more than three years,the first time that I have been invitedfor a birthday activity,was this year. For my surpriseI call three days before to reserve and already it wasfull ARIEL RODRIGUEZ CENTENO GUAYNABO PUERTO RICO  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>1	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tekcomp
<Content>one word to describe = UNBELIEVABLE My wife was a little skeptical on going on this trip, Because of the heavy rains the days before. But after staying at the Ritz Carlton, Her mouth drop and melted like ice. She felt like a queen at this hotel. Puerto Rico couldnt have been any more pleasant. This must of been one of the best trips ever experience. The Staff was great, the food and drinks are very pricey. For drinks we went to a bar next door for half the price. Especially during happy hour 2 for one drinks. Overall experience I would give it a (*****) Star rating. I highly recomend this hotel, you will not regret it.The last words wife said on our way back home was We are comming back here to Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Service- Overall a Great Weekend. I just returned from a long weekend at the Ritz Carlton. While this is the first time staying at the Ritz Carlton, I am used to staying at top-notch hotels. While the was ok, (I ordered a turkey wrap as well as a strawberry-banana smoothie and paid $24.00) , The service was top-notch. Their goal is to not only make sure you are satisfied and happy , it is to in a sence put you in a place where you are completely relaaxed, and have not a care in the world. Everybody there was sooooo nice and attentive. Overall it was a great weekend. The pool was nice, however the beach was what did it for me. It was very clean and once again the service went above and beyond. * Check out Old San Juan, as it was amazing. We went in the late evening. We attempted to eat at DragonFly and were immediately turned away from the EXTRMELEY RUDE GIRL at the door. She was talking to her co-worker and did not even acknowledge us trying to enter the restaurant, then once we got her attention, she went to tell us there would be a 40 minute wait, and again would not let us in. We then asked if there was room at the bar- she said there are people sitting there, maybe when they get up, and continued on with her conversation. This was for sure the rudest person I have ever come in contact with. We decided to go next-door and ate at an amazing restaurant. I do not know the name of it, however it was themed in blue and white, the food and service was superb. As we were leaving the manager actually walked us to the next lounge we were headed to.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jmc318
<Content>Excellent Service from top to bottom My wife and I took a long weekened at the Ritz from 9/16 - 9/19. We arrived there at 11:30am and were very happy to find our room ready and available.The hotel was beautiful from the grounds in front, the lobby, the room, and the pool / beach area. The people were extremely friendly and helpful. They are always smiling and saying hello. Plenty of towels and help at the pool / beach. Never an issue finding a chair.As in any resorts, the food is expensive but very good.I highly recommend!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MarcoMilanez
<Content>What a difference compared to other years!       View from my room (853)  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GreenMountains18
<Content>Who in the world trains these people??? We stayed at the Ritz Carlton for five nights, based mainly on the strength of other Tripadvisor reviews. All I can say is, Who trains the staff at this facility? Every single person, from doorwoman to desk clerk to concierge to waitstaff to housekeeper to towel attendant to spa operator to the men in suits who were probably security...every single person was friendly, courteous, patient, solicitous of our satisfaction...I could go on and on.Following a foray on our first full day into Old San Juan, overrun with traffic and crowds of cruise passengers scurrying about in search of T-shirts, my wife and I decided to think of the hotel as we would a self-contained, remote resort with a superb beach, delightful pool and spa, great restaurants, and inviting rooms. In other words, we never left the hotel again until, reluctantly, we had to check out and return to real life with impersonal, no-eye-contact vendors in the San Juan and Philadelphia airports. Alas.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pharmdoc-1
<Content>The Ritz made it worthwhile My husband and two children ages 8 and 5 all loved our stay at the Ritz Carlton. It was our first time to the island of Puerto Rico which was not as exciting as we had hoped but the hotel and the service were absolutely superb.The staff was unbelievalbly accomodating and attentive to all our needs. The service was so awesome that we almost expected the same wherever we went ---we were really spoilt and in for a surprise as we moved around Old San Juan.The room was fantastic and clean and well designed . Our kids loved the Ritz-kids program which we tried for a day and much to our dismay the kids preferred to be in the program than to visit the island with us. I would stay here again but I must say the price for food and drinks were a bit excessive. Truly worth staying at this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GlobalQueen
<Content>Wonderful Attentive Staff...Above Average Property My husband and I stayed at the property August 27th and 28th and had a delightful stay! The drive from the airport is only 5 minutes and you can see the property from the plane. The check in was quick and they had iced towels and fresh juice available. As it was my Birthday, they gave us a complimentary upgrade to a junior suite, which faced another building, but the ocean could be still seen.The rooms are showing some signs of wear. Our drapes, carpet and throw pillows had stains on them, but all of the amenities and comforts are available, including generous sizes of Bulgari bath amenities. Despite being so close to the airport, the rooms are soundproofed and we slept well on the comfortable featherbed.We had lunch in the Caribbean Grill. The services was a bit slow, but our food was hot and delicious and the staff gracious. We did the tour with Here and There of the Bacardi Factory (recommended) and old San Juan and our driver was very personable and almost like family as he guided us around and even stopped at Cafe Puerto Rico after a group consensus was reached for authentic cuisine. This was not part of the tour and we ended up having the tour extended for one hour at no additional cost. The concierge can arrange the tour ($40) for 5 hours...ours was 6 hours.We had dinner at Prime 787. The meal was pricey, however the service was attentive and on point. The food is similar to a Ruth Chris or a Mortens. The staff brought out a complimentary plate of chocolates that had Happy Birthday written in chocolate for me and they gave me a card that was signed by the staff. The concierge also gave the restaurant staff a gift to deliver to me with a card and lotion and body wash. Very thoughtful and much appreciated!The casino was fair. There definitely appeared to be a mix of locals and guests of the Ritz and other hotels. There is a good variety of games available.The beach, pool areas and gym are clean and adequately staffed. We had absolutely no problem finding chairs at the pool with umbrellas during peak hours. Waiters come by frequently if you need drinks, food, etc.Upon check out, we had a small problem with our bill with something that was not deducted, but they rectified it and showed us their in house system and printed out a correct bill.I have no complaints of this hotel other than it could use some interior upgrades. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mlthomas13
<Content>At Your Service       View from our Room  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cruisinsuz
<Content>Not a typical Ritz experience I was disappointed in our experience at the San Juan Ritz. To begin with, we were not so much as greeted by anyone but the bellman as we walked into the hotel (and there were two staff members at the bell stand as well as the front desk clerks and the concierge). Also, I was looking forward to the Welcome drink that some other reviewers received, but that was never offered. Not a big deal, but would have been a nice touch. It just made me resign myself to expect inconsistent service. I was right.Our pool/oceanview room was nice, but small. We were there less than 18 hours total, so not much to say on that.The poolside cafe was good, but a bit overpriced for what you got. However, we enjoyed dining beachside.The pool was chaos. We didn't make it there until about 2:30 pm and by that point, people had already long-ago staked their claim, which is fine, but the chairs that were available were unorganized and scattered. Also, there was plenty of empty cups and no one bothered to clean up. The one thing that stuck with me is that my towel remained on the chair I occupied after I left at approximately 5pm and was there when we checked out of the hotel at 5:30 am the next day. No one had even bothered to straighten up that area of the pool at all.All in all, not worth the $400+ we paid. My expectation was a relaxed, pampered, luxurious experience. It was just not in the cards.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I Loved the Ritz and P.R       Bathroom  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it I was nervous about going to Puerto Rico after reading some of the reviews, but like anywhere else in this world you just need to be alert. My boyfriend and I stayed at the Ritz Carlton the week of June 15th. I loved this hotel. The rooms were very comfortable, with all the little touches you would expect from a Ritz Hotel. The staff was well trained and we had no problems. The bed was very comfortable - we booked a room with pool/ocean view. The bathroom is large with lots of marble. What did upset me was that we had to wait to check in until 3pm, the room was not ready until then and we arrived around noon. They offer you the opportunity to change and hold your bags if you don't want to wait to get on the beach. I liked the beach, it was never really crowded and it did seem that a few locals went there on the weekend. The pool was beautiful, it was never really packed even on the weekend. We never had to stake a claim on a lounge, there were always plenty and very comfortable like mini-beds. There were as many towels as u needed, and the staff came around for drink orders on a pretty daily basis/ bringing chilled towels, etc. The hotel is very pretty and to me is the perfect location because its close to town. When we visited old san juan, there are a lots of places to walk around, drink and eat. The night we went in for dinner/drinks there was a definite police presence, it seems they make their rounds often in the areas that are filled with tourists. Everyone we encountered was very nice and friendly. Every restaurant we ate in was good. I would recommend Ruth Chris's, The Parrott Club and there is also an intalian place in san juan right by the main square that the cab drivers seem to bring everyone. The Metrople was very good cuban food, and its very reasonable, casual place. Its right up the street from the hotel. The Caribbean Grill for breakfast was good, a little pricey though. Restaurant out by pool on the beach was good too for lunch/drinks. Most of the reviews I read on this site were pretty accurate as far as restaurants. We discovered on our last night a lot of nice restaurants/clubs/shops - an overall nice area by the Wyndham Condado. We had dinner in an italian restaurant there that overlooked the ocean, a cute place. It seems they are really building that area up and I wish we had found it sooner. Dont be afaid to rent a car and go on your own, we took a trip to the el yunque rain forest and then to loquillo beach. Its pretty, more tropical and rougher water than the ritz beach. it was no problem to get around. I would definitely recommend the Ritz for their location, its very pretty and well maintained, the pool is beautiful and the beach was nice too. The staff were all nice also. If we went back i wouldnt hesitate to go there again. Yes you can hear the planes since its near the airport but it really doesnt happen enough to be annoying. Even though youre still in the U.S., it definitely felt like youre really away, and with such a short flight its worth it. The temperatures were very high the week we went, (record highs) so if you're planning to go into town to see El Morro go super early. The views were pretty but it was way too hot. The Ritz we felt was the best choice in that area and worth the money.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>milhouse
<Content>Pleasant Ritz Experience Compared to all other hotels in San Juan (with the exception of the El Convento in Old San Juan), the Ritz Carlton is a wonderful hotel. Compared to other Ritz Carltons it is a typical Ritz with a few minor glitches.In comparison to other hotels in Puerto Rico:Unlike the WESJ which has a great lobby but disgustingly dirty and outdated rooms, the RC is an oasis amid the aging and mostly unattractive San Juan landscape. Most of San Juan appears to have seen better days. The Ritz Carlton, however, has kept up with the times, and you'll find typical Ritz Carlton rooms (nice fabrics, clean carpets, up to date amenities and services, nice fixtures, etc.) and privacy. The hotel's pool is kept clean, the food served at the hotel is typical Ritz (not Micehlin star level, but decent resort food) and the attitude of the staff is pleasant and easygoing. It may not be the outstanding service one would find at a Four Seasons, but it is gracious and forthcoming.In comparison to other Ritz Carltons:Some things could stand a change: increase the number of poolstaff, increase the number of rooms with balconies and train the casino staff to be as welcoming as the rest of the hotel staff.Personally, I will not be setting foot back in the Ritz Carlton in San Juan. Not because of the hotel, which, along with the El Convento, was like a sanctuary for us. I just have no desire to set foot in Puerto Rico again. In the future, when I plan on going to the Caribbean, my wife and I will fly directly to St. Martin where the friendliness of the people is amazing (unlike that which we encountered in P.R.).  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>beachlvr123
<Content>Great staff stay in Club Level if you can! We stayed in this hotel for three nights the weekend of July 4th. We were a group of 4 adults and 1 child so we had two rooms in the Club Level. The Club Level is on the 9th floor of the hotel and aside from being a private access floor (you need to use yor room key in the elevator) it has a Club Lounge where they provide four or five different food displays per day as well as drinks all day long, a very nice Ritz champagne (two bottles are always on ice), wine, sodas water and hard liquors. the best part, is teh Kids Club Level it is basically a room that has been setup for the childeren to go and play, eat, watch movies, color and mingle with other kids. They have child friendly snacks and drinks set out for them (just like the adults lounge!). Our daughter loved it here so much she did not want to leave!! The staff here was absolutely SPECTACULAR! particularly Lisa,  Vanessa, with the kids. Kudos to Gianna the club manager who has done a fantastic job with both the Ritz kids and the Club Level. Gianna thanks you for making our stay memorable!!Rooms: comfy beds, feather pillows, comfortors and Frette Linens, Bulgari bath products lots of clean thick towels.Casino: average (good music most nights!)Restaurants: Caribbean Grill-good food especially the ChurrascoService-Top Notch definitely nothing negative to mentionPool Service-fairly good, plenty of towels and chairs (they could probabaly use more floating mats but other than that it was good)NOTE:this problem may have been exarcebated by the many non hotel guests in the pool.Overall a great experience very relaxing and stress free. I would stay here again even though their prices are on the steep side  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bsammons
<Content>Good if you get a bargain price Enjoyed the stay but wouldn't pay full price for it.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel - Worth the Price I'm a business traveler who travels fairly frequently (10-20 trips per year), and I have stayed in a wide variety of hotels. The Ritz in San Juan is definitely among the top hotels I have stayed at. First, the pros and cons:Pros:1. Spectacular pool, open 24 hours a day2. Incredibly attentive staff. Anything I needed was immediately provided3. Beautiful, well-groomed beach4. Good security in hotel and on grounds5. Wide selection of restaurants within walking distance6. Top-notch room with comfortable bed, great bathroom7. Free high-speed internet access8. Stunningly beautiful facility and grounds9. Decent, if uninspiring casinoCons:1. Very close to the airport; so close you can hear the planes and smell the jet fuel (Can't hear the jets in the room, tho)2. My corridor smelled oddly like cat urine (believe it or not)3. $15- $20 each way cab ride from business district4. Very expensive parking5. No coffee maker in roomOverall, this was a very pleasant experience. This is definitely a quality hotel; you can see that from the courteous and numerous bellhops at the front door, to the detail-oriented and attentive staff behind the check-in desks, to the top-quality/high-thread count linens in the spotlessly clean room.The hotel restaurants (as most are) are very expensive ($15 for a hamburger, and $15 for a continental breakfast). However, numerous other options are readily available. I usually ate dinner at a wonderful local establishment calld 'Ediths' (I believe). It was about a 5 minute walk from the hotel. As you exit the hotel's front door and reach the street, turn right...there are at least 5 reasonable restaurants within a 5 minute walk, as well as a well-stocked pharmacy. Ediths (in particular) had wonderful Cubanos, as well as many Puerto Rican specialties, most for well under $10. They also had $2 Coronas that you could take with you.The hotel grounds are immaculate and beautiful. Plenty of flowers, fountains, and birds. The pool was amazing. Large and temperate, it is open 24 hours, with big fluffy towels availabe at the cabana immediately next to it. There is also a nice jacuzzi in the poor area that looks out onto the beach.The beach itself was very well cared for, and in the evenings is watched over by security (we had a security gurd named Matos who was excellent, friendly and helpful...great staff all around). The ocean water is rather silty, but fine for swimming.The room was a 5-star quality room. King size bed, with great sheets and pillows, large well-equipped bathroom. The only odd lapse was that the maid forgot to give us washcloths on 2 of the days we were there. High-speed internet access is free and convenient (Take a note Hilton - If I can choose between a Hilton and the Ritz, the fact that the internet is free at the Ritz WILL make a difference to me).For some odd reason, the hallway outside my room consistently smelled like cat urine. It wasn't overwhelming, just disquieting and surprising. But that was about the only negative.Overall, this was among the nicest hotels I have ever stayed at. I got a good corporate rate, and it was worth more than what I paid. I will stay here again; it is most assuredly a 5-star hotel, with a Puerto Rican touch. I don't think you will be disappointed if you stay here.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CTKnowItAll
<Content>What Could Be! A lovely facility and staff. The wonderful pool was ruined by a crowd of disrespectful people who had no consideration for those around them, unless you like an I-Pod with speakers blasting away! Very un-Ritz-like. The hotel staff had to be reqested by several guests to please do something. They did, but the bad taste remained!The main restaurant, Prime 787, is spectaular! The staff and food are second to none on the island, and deserve praise.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NYCdweller43
<Content>Sensational San Juan What a wonderful stay we had. It is close to the airport, 5 minutes to be exact. What a sight it was to watch the planes take off on the beach, but they don't bother you at all. The sand on the private beach is white and soft. The water is very calm, so we didn't have to worry about any rough surf. The Atlantic down there is blue. The palm trees are a nice sight and the wildlife is great. We got to see a small Iguana in the bushes. At night, little frogs called coquis make a musical sound. If you want the pool to yourself, go early in the morning, for a lot of people are in the casino at night and don't get up early. You should get your towels early as well because they run out in the afternoon and you might have to wait an hour to get more. Breakfast in the Lobby Lounge is expensive; there is a Denny's just two blocks away from the hotel. To get there, ymake a right when you exit the front of the hotel and walk 2 blocks. Next to the Denny's, there is a great souvenir shop and a Pharmacy where you can get snacks for a cheaper price than the snack bar under the TV in the hotel. The best restaurant in the hotel is the Ocean Bar and Grill. It is like a diner but they have excellent drinks, including virgin Pina Cooladas and Virgin Strawberry Daiquiris.If you are planning to swim at night and want a towel, you should get them before you go upstairs in the middle of the day because the towel people are closed at night. Rooms were well kept and very clean. Bring a few singles for tips for the people who bring you your chairs, towels, and drinks. Room service was great. If we had a chance, we would drinately go to this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nahs12
<Content>THIS IS THE RITZ CARLTON? 3 DAYS/ 4 NITES, July 1-4, 2005. ran out of towels at pool side,not enough waiters at poolside,rib eye steak for dinner poor,waited 45 min. for a sandwich, lunch time,room wasn't ready when we arrived, very disappointed!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NewY0rk
<Content>not a five star hotel Certainly not a five star hotel by any stretch of the imagination. The service at the beach and the pool was terrible. Every day they were out of towels by 11am and made no effort to solve the issue. The beach is over run with the locals. The people taking care of the beach services are more interested in catering to their own friends than the guests.You can't walk around the pool area because it is so full with lounge chairs right to the edge of the pool. The inside of the hotel hallways smell musty and moldy. When we had to change rooms we were told to pack all our luggage, something they should have done, and then they would move it. At 11pm we still did not have our luggage in the new room and it took many phone calls to finally get it. The breakfast is terribly overpriced for a mediocre buffet, not the ususal Ritz buffet. The food at the beach is limited and less than stellar. Overall after staying at many Ritz Carlton's throughout the country I would say you should definately go elsewhere if you are expecting a five star experience at five star prices i might add.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>frankie868
<Content>Big Disappointment We wanted this to be a special celebration because it was our 25th anniversary. We came in on a red-eye on July 2nd, and were not give the room that we paid for in our package. We were first given a room with two twins although we requested a king. Secondly, we were moved to a non-ocean view room (231) although we paid for it in the package we obtained through Liberty Travel in Mamaroneck, New York. Then on the 3rd we were switched to room 603, which had a poorly functioning air conditioner and were told by maintenance that it was an old air conditioner and nothing could be done about it. We expected better service from a resort with the RC's reputation.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never going back... In the last year, I have visited two Four Seasons, one One and Only resort, and one JW Marriott. My hope was that the Ritz was going to meet my expectations and be comparable to other 4-5 star hotels I had visited. What a complete disappointment. The concept of customer service is a complete unknown to everyone, UNLESS you take the time to complain to the manager and express your frustrations. Only then is action taken.Here is a laundry list of problems, and mind you, our room rate was over $300 a night.1. No ice bucket in the room2. Phone in room had major static problems.3. Closet hanger said robes were there for use, but no robes were actually hanging there.4. Toilet clogged after two basic uses.The four issues mentioned above happened the first night. The phone was missing a filter (they couldn't explain why it hasn't been installed), the ice bucket had been forgotten, the robes were forgotten (which I am glad we said something b/c I would have likely been charged if they thought I had taken them) and as for the toilet, no explanation was given.The next day, we expected all would finally be right. Toilet again clogged, the concierge didn't do much to assist us (she was on the phone with someone who did not appear to be a guest, so we had to wait for her to finish her conversation-the other person at the concierge desk ignored us and just talked to another staff member while we stood there), and even though we called for turn down service when we headed to dinner, no turn down had been done when we returned from dinner 3 hours later! I called to complain and they apologized profusely and sent someone over...30 minutes later!Then, on our third day, my family member wanted to buy a robe, priced at over $100. After 3 phone calls requesting assistance on this matter, no one bothered to tell us that no bath robes were available. We only found that out when we proactively went to the hotel shop to find out about buying a robe.The pool was clean on the first 2 days (Friday and Saturday), but was filthy by Sunday. The oil from sun tan lotions was gathering at the edges of the pool. Since we were there during the July 4th holiday weekend, I think that the pool staff did not do enough to clean the pool throughout the day. Moreover, of the four days, on 2 days, we had towels with holes in them. There are two nice things that I wish to commend the hotel on: we were celebrating my family member's birthday and they sent a small cake to the room on our first day, free of charge. In addition, based on our nightmare experiences, they discounted our room by 50 percent for two of the four nights and permitted us to check out late afternoon (3:30 instead of the usual noon check out). Note, however, that even though the manager let us check out 3 hours later, the hotel staff did call us two times to confirm that we were leaving. Both calls came in one hour before our late check-out, around 2. So, yet again, the management does not communicate with its staff to ensure that the guest isn't inconvenienced.All in all, I would never go back. I felt like I was there to serve the staff. At least 3 times I called Guest Services and no one picked up. Although I appreciate the discount, I would have rather not gotten the discount but instead gotten excellent service.I have read many reviews of this hotel and I do see a mix. Some people absolutely love it and some hate it. I wish I could say I loved it, but my experience left a lot to be desired.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not impressed This is a late review, but I just found your site.As in a previous review, room was not ready, then found room assigned wasn't what was ordered. Then, was moved to another one, not quite matching what was ordered.Advise anyone to use the resurants on the strip rather than in -house dining. If you have been to Vegas, Atlantic City, etc., you will find their casino run in a very amateurish fashion, and not friendly as the hotel staff. (Hotel staff were courteous, helpful and informed.). Pool/ coutryard/ beach area well organized and run..pool bar and resturant also very good.Overall, in comparing this place with everything from a Mom  Pop's motel right up to the Waldorf, found the rooms, amenities,etc.,overpriced and overated. Found better places in and around Old San Juan on later stops.Lastly, booked this place with Expedian and in the end had a dispute with the quoted rates and actual ones..(**Big note here: Never, repeat, Never use Expedia to book anything. They will not back you up on price changes; they charge your credit card in advance, and they just don't care about your problems, and won't correct anything even when they agree you are in the right!)Overall, check out other places around Old San Juan, I found them way better than this place.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful hotel, please read this "honets review"..... I almost cancelled my trip because of the crazy things people wrote about this hotel here. Honestly, we had no problems here from start to finish!. READ THIS: Stay at the club level. Either upgrade when you get there or book it in advance. You have your own concierge, cocktailas  food all day in a really nice lounge. Its more expensive but it cant be beat. This iwll make your trip 1000 times more enjoyable!!The pool  beach were beutiful. The plains did not buzz over the pool, the beach / water were not black and the water did not smell like gasoline! I dont know how people can write these things. Look at the pictures on the website-it really looks like that!The room was awsome. Large enough for two, nice decor. Housekeeping was excellant, the pm turn-down service was a luxury!The surrounding area is not seedy. It's Puerto Rico, there are good parts  bad parts! In Nassau for example, go two blocks off the strip and tell me that isnt seedy. In any Carribean island, you need to be careful-it's commen sense! We walked to some of the other hotels, then realized how nice our hotel was! Also, this so called anti-American thing is another lie. People were fine. I think the wonderful people of PR just know how to tell a rude tourist from a nice one.Gambling-I won 600.00 over 5 days. The slots are loose! Plenty of nickel ones too! 5.00 craps during the day as well. Theres also several other small casinos within walking distance.Back to the club level-it was a little more expensive every day, but having your own concierge to book any day trips or give you info on the island was a treat. Rather than stand at the lobby concierge desk, you could pour a glass of bubbly, have a snack while Charles or Gianna pampered you (with information!). I cannot tell you how nice these people were. Again, having this really nice quiet room to read a book, have a drink, it was like a private lounge. Just wodnerful.The staff. My Pleasure. Thats what you heard from everyone. The drinks when you were checking in, the cold towels at the pool, on  on it goes. The people here were truly wonderful.The restaurants were magnificent. A little pricy, the steak place PRIME is as good as anywhere. Theres a great sushi bar too! If you need to go on the cheap this is probably not the best place, but you do get what you pay for.To do?: You have to find your fun in PR. Theres the new huge mall (upscale shopping), Old San Juan, Rum tours, rain forest, etc. Nothing is really within walking distance, so before you go, plan your activities.If you can afford to stay here, it's well worth it. The hotel was beutifull, the people wonderful! As I said, I cannot understand why people write the things they do on this page. Most if not all are simply not true. I think some people are just spoiled or maybe just mean spirited. This is a very nice hotel in a great location, it's the best of everything!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel Pros:Unbelievable service 鈥?the staff is so helpful and polite. I was given a free drink during the check in process. I stayed in a Jr. Suite over looking the pool and beach area. The room was slightly bigger than a standard room with a king bed, put-out twin couch and a small flat screen TV. The bathroom was beautiful as well. The pool area was spacious and clean. There were not a lot of kids mostly couples and adults. Very nice spa. Cons:You can hear the Airplanes but it鈥檚 not that bad. Overall view:Loved the Ritz and will return. I did not eat at the hotel. There are many cheaper places to eat outside on the strip.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Ritz We just returned from a wonderful weekend at the Ritz. We stayed there in March, 2005 and loved it so much we booked this trip in June. From the minute we checked into the hotel and were brought to our beautiful room, it was like enterng paradise. The staff was wonderful at the hotel and on the beach. We had wonderful breakfasts and dinners at the hotel and in Old San Juan and Ocean Park. We cannot wait to return again to the Ritz and Puerto Rico. We return every year and just keeps getting better!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved it!!! MY husband and i were married in Sept of 2002 and we stayed at the Ritz Carlton and we absolutely loved it!!! When we arrived the door men were polite and very attentive, and the overall atmosphere was just beautiful and very pleasant!I am actually a little upset with some of the reviews from the other guest. My husband and i had such a wonderful time! I suppose the time of year you go to visit has a lot to do with it. We went in Sept which meant kids were back in school, and all the summer vacationers were back to work. I honestly loved my stay and would recommend it to anyone!!The beach was private and very clean! wasn't over crowded and we weren't bothered by anyone! Some nights we actually went out on the beach at very late hours of the night and there was always a security guard on stand by patrolling. My hubby and i actually conceived our first child on our honey in PR! To us that said a lot!! Definitely a place for the mature, and the more laid back. My hubby and i were actually in our early 20's when we took our trip and it was just our speed. If we wanted to party and act crazy we would have gone to Cancun or some other place. But Ritz Carlton in PR was very relaxing and just wonderful!To my hubby and i... everything was just great!! The food, the room(which had a balcony and a wonderful view of the court yard where the pool was), room service, house keeping, the casino..EVERYTHING!! The floor we stayed on was a private floor. The only way to this floor was to use your room key on the elevator... this floor had a beautiful concierge lounge that had wonderful food and as many drinks(fountain as well as alcoholic beverage) at no price. This was also a highlight of our stay because we could fill ourselves up with the goodies from the lounge and be alright until lunch, or dinner. The lounge hours were great and the hosts and hostesses were very polite and very attentive. The view was also gorgeous from the balcony too!Oh and one thing we absolutely loved, was that we never had to wonder how we would get around. There was always a taxi ready and willing to take you anywhere you needed to go and it was normally a very good price!The Ritz Carlton is the place to go if you ask me!!My hubby and i will be going back hopefully in a few weeks and we can't wait!!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>poor customer service we just returned from a weekend at the ritz in san juan and we were very dissapointed with the service. upon arrival and after having confirmed an early check in the day before, our room was not ready. we waited an hour for the regular check in time and our room was still not ready (as well as other guests who were waiting to check in as well). all the while, the staff was unapologetic and did not offer any explanations as to why the rooms were not ready on time. when we would ask what was happening with the room or how much longer it would be, the staff members would say they would get right back to us, then they would dissapear for 20 or so minutes before telling us it still wasn't ready. we were tired from our flights and asked if there was another comparable room available. we were finally given another room an hour an a half after the check in time and it was a room without a view (we had paid extra for a pool view room). when we complained the staff blamed us and said we were not willing to wait for our room so they had to downgrade us. it was already 5:30 and check was supposed to be at 3. close to 6:00 our room was ready and all the while - no one was nice about it. we were also suppose to have wine and fruit waiting in our room as part of a special occassions package, that also was not there and we had to keep calling to get it sent up which took a few hours and many calls to guest services. we wasted a lot of time dealing with the poor management and customer service at the ritz. we really expected more. in general, the rooms were very clean and housekeeping was excellent. there is only one swimming pool and it can get very crowded. there were numerous other smaller things were not done right and we would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>2	1	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Work Related I went to the Ritz at the end of March for work. I was there for a week and a 1/2. It really is a nice hotel, clean beach, clean rooms. The service there was very good, people were polite and attentive, food was excellent but I must admit I was not impressed with PR. The beach at the Ritz was nice but the surrounding are was not. After going to Jamaica and the Bahamas, PR does not compare except if you go to the caribbean side. Old San Juan was really cool with the forts but was not relatively safe and rundowned. It seems like people don't take care of what they have there. Isla Verde was rundowned and a little scary on the weekends and there really wasn't much to do at night outside of the hotel. Everything was overun with too many teenagers especially during the weekend but there were some small places to eat great pr food like the pr cafe although it was pricey. All in all I have to say that I don't think I will be visitng PR anytime soon because I rather see the other beautiful islands that surround the caribbean.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>craxyinal
<Content>The Ritz in May My husband and I just returned from 4 days in Puerto Rico with 17 other people. We were there for a work retreat and most of the group expressed their pleasure with the hotel. We were greeted with a pina colada as we were checking in. Nice touch after an all day flight. I inquired about upgrading to a room on the club level and was advised it was available for an additional $100 per night. Our upgraded room was small, and the view was such that we couldn't open our curtains all the way. Housekeeping was great and the room was very clean, but it did have a slight musty smell. The upgrade included access to the club room which served four food offerings a day. This included a deluxe continental breakfast, lunch, early evening cocktails and snacks, and a late evening cordial and sweet presentation. We figured we saved well over the cost of the upgrade in choosing to eat in the club room. All drinks, including champagne and hard alcohol were included. The conceiege staff was amazing and we made sure to tip them well. A previous review stated drinks were $10-$14 each. This was true, and we avoided most of these charges by upgrading our room and drinking in the club room. If you can afford to do this, you won't be sorry. Puerto Rico itself is not a typical tropical island. It is very crowded and not the cleanist of cities. Outside the hotel was a bit scary at night, and there really was not much in walking distance anyway. We took a tour of the Bacardi Rum Factory and Old San Juan. Both tours were fun and worth the money. I had read all the reviews posted on this site a month before going to PR. Overall, they were fairly accurate. The hotel was nice: not a five star hotel though, and the area was disappointing; but we found fun things to do and had an enjoyable time. I doubt I'd ever return to Puerto Rico for a vaction, too many other islands that are much more beautiful.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful family vacation Just returned from 5 days at the Ritz in San Juan and had an amazing time. The weather was gorgeous, the venue was beautiful, the service was impeccable....everything you would expect from the Ritz. The hotel has a very intimate and elegant feel. It was my parents 35th anniversary and upon arrival, my parents were immediately upgraded to a beautiful suite overlooking the ocean. There is so much to do which makes san juan such a great destination. My sister took her children on day trips to the rain forest and old san juan, while my husband and I and my parents mostly hung around the beautiful pool and relaxed. The restaurants in old san juan are fantastic and the nightlife is vibrant and exciting. I couldn't recommend this hotel enough. We had a memorable time and most definitely plan on returning.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jenqt
<Content>We had a great time... Before you decide to stay at the Ritz San Juan, be comfortable with the fact that this hotel is in the city. And San Juan is not Oahu. There are not pretty flowers on the corners of pedestrian friendly streets, no high-end shops to pick up a Hermes bag or Burberry suit. San Juan is a gritty city. You will walk past drunks/peddlers/homeless on the way to find dinner/lunch outside the hotel.That being said, San Juan really is a fabulous city and we had a great time during our visit (just got back last Saturday after a week's stay.) San Juan is a little like New Orleans...a bit raw, but still a lot of fun. On the Ritz itself:Our room was a nice, normal hotel room. Nothing fancy, no balconies (there are very few at this hotel, and none of the windows open), nice bathroom, decent view (partial ocean, partial parking lot.)Staff was great. Lady in the lobby kept giving our son a balloon when we came down to watch the bands in the lobby, hang out before dinner, etc. They also have board games, which came in handy during the rains we got.Beach is average. The water is SANDY, not dirty--the water's just a slight bit choppy where the waves hit, and it kicks up a lot of sand. Once you go past where the waives break, it's not sandy anymore.We thought the pool was great, and spent most our time there (when it wasn't raining). They did have to close the pool for cleaning when it finally was sunny, because flooding had dirtied it all up.Use the concierge service, they recommended almost all the places we ate at outside of the hotel. They have a big book of menus that comes in handy for browsing.The area:We loved Old San Juan, great places to eat there everywhere, and parking is easy in the two main parking garages. There is some high end shopping in Old San Juan, and locals selling all sort of things. Places we ate in Old San Juan: lunch at The Parrot Club was great--a casual, yuppy atmosphere. Had dinner at a GREAT Italian place called Fratello's. A bit more formal, we felt slightly uncomfortable in jeans, but the food was fabulous. Also had dinner at El Picateo in the El Convento Hotel. It's a great tapas restaurant in the courtyard of this beautiful little botique hotel.Other places by the hotel where we ate were equally great. Everything is walkable, but again, it's not really set up for pedestrian traffic. We ate at the Metropol, which is across the street practically. Was delicious. Also ate dinner at Lupis, a local Mexican chain. Ate lunch there too, a great (relatively) cheap place to go, away from the hotel. We walked to the Wyndham down the street for dinner on the top floor at The Tequila Bar and grill. Great views of the city/beach from there. Ate lunch at Ciao Mediterranean at the InterContinental, also within walking distance. We had a bit of a hard time finding it within the hotel at first...it is literally on the beach. The place we ate our last night in San Juan was Pamela's in the Numbero Uno Beach House. It's a 5-8 minute drive, but well worth it. It's in a gated community in this little house on the beach. You park where the road dead ends, and the house is on the right. You feel like you are in the wrong place, but you're not. We brought our 1 1/2 year old to all the places we ate, all were child friendly, even the more fancy ones. Our son loved all the fruit punch served in PR, all actually mixed on request, no bottled, pre-made. And usually came with cherries and/or pineapples which he though was pretty cool. We ate a few times at the Ritz, but lunch for two adults and one child was $70. So most times we ate elsewhere. Also stopped by the local Pueblo grocery store down the road and bought milk for our toddler (kept it in the minibar), and Corona  tequila and margarita mix for the adults. (Drinks at hotel range from $10-$14 a pop.)If you are looking for a more natural setting, you'd be better off on the east side of the island, by Luquillo beach (we didn't get to go, but is supposedly THE most beautiful beach on the island.) El Conquistador and the Westin Rio Del Mar are over in that area. Downside to those places are there aren't as many fabulous places to eat outside of the pricey hotel restaurants. Next time I'd like to split our stay between both areas.If you like outdoors, definately take a trip to El Yunque Rainforest. Don't bother with the tour groups if you have a car, its very tourist friendly and the visitors center has maps, etc. and you can then drive to and choose which trailhead you want to hike. You can also look up the trails on the website for the park. We LOVED this part of the trip.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lcookster
<Content>mixed We just returned from a week's stay beginning 4/16. We are frequent Ritz Carlton vacationers so I do have a good basis for comparison. Some of my disappointments could have been avoided by doing a better job of assessing the whole san juan situation. THe Ritz sits on the ocean and you can look out certain windows of the property and see the landing strip of the airport. We never heard planes while inside our room but did hear them outside by the pool area. The sound varied depending upon the traffic route. I think I was expecting Isla Verde to be a little bit more like Cancun- I knew it would have more of an urgan 'strip' hotel feel but was really disappointed by the neighborhood the Ritz is in. Tons of litter in areas outside the Ritz, sidewalks not easily navigatable. We walked to the El SAn Juan and my 9 year old had to literally step over a drunk guy whose feet were sticking out of an alley. (and this was 10 am) I will never return to SAn Juan, although it is convenient in terms of travel and timing. The beach is not stellar. It is not a 'walkable' beach and the sand is brown and the water not clear. Just not a pretty beach. This does not compare with other beaches we have been to. The pool area was okay, but actually not as impressive as others. There were always seats to be had, although the seats themselves are packed pretty tightly together and in rows. I thought the water temperature in the pool was fine. We had booked an Executive suite at $975 a night. Our view was really high rise (and often) run down apartment buildings or other resorts. The bedroom area was beautiful but the living room area was not as attractive. Only in picture and the rest bare walls. A low level cabiner holding a TV, so that the top of the TV was no higher than the top of the coffee table. Why didn't they just use the taller units that are found in the bedrooms. The sofa can convert to a sofa bed, but was not comfortable at all if using as an actual sofa. We asked to be switched and booked 2 adjoining oceanview rooms for a bit more money. The front desk staff handled this very well. However, when we checked out they had continued to charge us $975 plus $489 for the second room. The King bedded room should have been $600. This took a while to manually rectify at checkout. Our cleaning and turn down service was fabulous. We also tip every day and I think that makes a big difference. So I had no issues at all with the housekeeping staff. I am really picky about restaurants- the food at Prime 787 was wonderful and the service was really some of the best I have had. It is expensive but really made our stay. We ended up eating there 4 or 5 nights. The service at the outside pool/beach bar was not good. The bartenders were not that helpful or friendly. Often we would be there for opening at 10:30 am to get sodas etc and they would tell us they needed to find ice, couldn't open for another 20 minutes. Others said they got great service by attendants pool-side but we didn't see much of that during our stay. Again, I am comparing this to other Ritz properties. The sushi was pretty good but the Chinese food was really terrible. Outside bathrooms by the pool were dirty and not maintained throughout the day. The Spa was fabulous. The only downside is there is no inside route to the spa, you have to leave the hotel and walk outside. Over 7 days of huge rain this became a bit annoying, but the service was outstanding. Great workout room and hourly exercise classes etc..Our son is 9 years old and although the Ritz Kids club is supposed to be for 5-12, the activities were not age appropriate. The staff is delightful however. So I think if your kids are younger they would love it. Our son didn't want to go after the first morning. When he went there was one first grader and two 3rd graders and when I arrived they were making paper native american head dresses. My son thought that was a little 'baby-ish.' But I want to reiterate, the staff there was wonderful. The casino was fun but people weren't tripping over themselves to provide food or drinks. Through no fault of the staff at the Ritz, we had horrible weather during our entire stay. Unusual amount of rain and flash flood warnings. Many times torrential down pours. Roads in Old San Juan were flooded. You couldn't spend the afternoons by the pool or on the beach. By the end of the stay the pool area became flooded and they had to close the pool entirely. I think given the fact that the rain there was front page news and the forecast was projecting 8 or 9 straight days of rain, they could have tried to creatively come up with other activities. Keep in mind, noone wants to sightsee outside when it is thunder and lightening. Even employees were telling us to stay on property. There was bingo and salsa dancing lessons but these are held inside the casino, so kids can't join in. There were also large groups of convention folks, who were traveling at rates of $200/night. This created quite a bit of congestion in the breakfast dining room. One morning we were told it would be a 20 minute wait for a table. We went down the street to Denny's, lol. All in all, there were some really outstanding features of the hotel, but others which were really sub-par. I won't return to this property again personally.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This property should not carry the ritz name I still can not believe all of the five star reviews for this hotel. Pros: Close to the airport, on the beach, decent pool.Cons: Close to the airport, beach is not beautiful (water looks almost black/mud like substance,) too many young children (under 10,) rooms/lobby/casino need to be updated, nothing worth seeing is with in walking distance, ocean view room's windows do not open/no balcony? Food in pool restaurant was sub par, the upscale restaurant Prim 787 was not very good either. I paid roughly $400 a night for a ocean front room. I feel as though the experience was worth $89 a night. I would not return and I am still amazed at the positive reviews of this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mhpw
<Content>Perfect relaxation Myhusband and I spent five nights at the Ritz Carlton San Juan in early April. We were aiming for pure relaxation and rejuvenation, and we have no doubt that we made the right hotel selection. The rooms were great. They were not huge, but not as small as some of the reviews make them sound. There was plenty of room for a large comfortable chair, a desk, a tv cabinet, and a dresser, with room left over. The bed was very comfortable (the down matress pad made us feel as if we were sleeping on a cloud). The bathroom was very spacious and quite nice (marble counter, lighted makeup/shaving mirror, a seperate room for the toilet, etc.). Finally, the rooms were perfectly clean, and the housekeeping service (twice daily) was great.The restaurants at the resort were fine, although it is definitely worth taking a cab to Old San Juan for dinners, as there are some exceptional restaurants there (Dragonfly, Baru, etc.). Tangerine at the Water Club hotel is also a great dinner choice. But we did have dinner at the Ritz steakhouse one night, which was delicious even though the portions were quite small, and we ate breakfast every morning on the outside patio of the main hotel restaurant, which was very pleasant and not too expensive.The pool area was very nice, and surrounded by beautiful lush gardens. The chairs surrounding the pool were very comfortable -- be prepared to drift off! There are a lot of kids around the pool, but we did not find them to be annoying at all, and in fact found it pleasant and amusing to watch them swim and play. The staff makes frequent rounds to ask if you would like a drink, or to give you free frozen watermelon or offer a cold washcloth (this was true on the beach as well).The beach was nice, and very clean. I am not sure what reviewers who say the beach is dirty saw, but we saw no evidence of this at all. The only complaint that we had about the beach was that although there are stands for six hammocks, four were broken -- so there are only two working hammocks on the beach. No big deal, though -- they weren't in too high a demand, and we were able to use them several times.The casino was a lot of fun. Although we are not frequent or high stakes gamblers, my husband had a great time playing Blackjack, and I spent a few hours on the slots over the week and -- in the end -- only came up 5 cents short. It is definitely worth it to go have some fun in the casino, as the waitresses walk around taking orders for free drinks, so even if you loose a little money, you probably still come out ahead with the money you might have otherwise spent on drinks!We also spent a lot of time sitting on the patios just outside the main building, enjoying drinks and reading and doing crosswords, etc. The waitresses from the lobby bar will come out and wait on you out there. That was a very relaxing way to pass time!Finally, I did use the spa for one treatment, and it was great. The spa has a very nice atmosphere, and it is worth using even if you are not getting a treatment (they have a sauna  steamroom, etc.).Although no vacation is so perfect that you can't find things to complain about it you really try, you will really enjoy your time at the Ritz Carlton if you go in with a good attitude and do your best to relax and just enjoy your time in Puerto Rico!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Grohe
<Content>Enjoyed our stay here and the staff was excellent Well, we had a totally different experience here than the last people that posted. We had an excellent vacation and wonderful food.We thought the staff was very nice and the resort looked great! Yes, there are a ton of baby strollers but HELLO, this is not a Sandals resort, go to Sandals if you want no kids. We don't have kids but I enjoyed watching the kids play in the pool and feed the large iguana that came to visit one day. Everywhere we went, people said, Hello, Mr. and Mrs. xyz and knew our names. Sure, we waited some time for a drink some days, but this is Puerto Rico, NOT NEW YORK CITY. (which I will tell you, I felt like we were in NYC some days). If you are in a hurry, don't bother coming to a Carribean Island. We had wonderful meals at Prime 787 and our waiter, Benjamin, was one of the nicest waiters we have ever experienced!The beach is nice, there are unlimited towels (gosh, I wonder how many they go thru a day)! They brought water and fruit around in the hot afternoon and their staff was friendly. Yes, it was a busy hotel but it is April and all of us Snow Birds need to get away. We just relaxed and enjoyed. The airplanes did not bother me one bit. They don't hide the fact they are right next to the airport and in the rooms, you can't hear a thing. Sure, I would have loved to open a window at night but I understand why it was designed that way. We will definately go back and have already sent a thank you note to the hotel manager. We stayed there back in 2003 and the staff and customer service has definately become better!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>happycamperNewYork
<Content>baby stroller a must Don't bother staying here unless you have a high-tech baby stroller. For close to $900 bucks per night, I thought I would have some peace and quiet but not here. The kids ran wild on the club level and I could have spent much less at the Embassy Suites for the same ambience. My room was handsomely furnished but very small. The rack rate is a rip-off plus the beach is dirty, the tennis pro is a jerk and the food is awful.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Canterbury417
<Content>Cleanliness and Maintainence Issues here My husband, sister and I just returned from a 4 night stay at the Ritz San Juan. We decided to slurge on a room in the Ritz Carlton Club and paid 865.00 per night, 85.00 p/d in resort fees(total BS if you ask me) and then the tax for a whopping amount of almost 1,100.00 per night. We had a late flight coming in and were told by the conceirge that the club would be open until 11;30pm that night serving drinks and snacks. When we got there at 10;00pm it was closed up like a drum. So we were relegated to the lounge bar and spent 100.00 on 2 glasses each for some cheap rot- gut wine. Now off we go for a snack... We were told a Chinese restaurant was open in the casino. We were seated by a surly chinese MaitreD' to see 18.00 for a bowl of won ton soup and 9.00 for one eggroll. I mean--we are sports when traveling but COME ON! Needless to say, we got up and walked out. Casino was nice but the machines were fixed that you never received ANY coins back to play. 20.00 literally went in 5 minutes. This happened the next night as well and to all the people around us and to those with whom I spoke. Look...I expect to lose, but usually you get a few coins back here and there to keep you playing for a while. Forget it here! The greed of the Casino is overwhelming. So we did not go back for the rest of our trip. Too bad too, because my husband and I enjoy playing a little bit each night after dinner. Got to our room and A/c was broken. Men tried until 3:00am to fix it to no avail. Hotel had no where to move us so we literally sweat it out our first night. They fixed it the next day but we could not used our room until 4:00pm cause it was filled with workmen and saws and ladders. The main window was so dirty that you could not tell if it was sunny or rainy outside. The terrace was never cleaned of all the bird droppings,our plasma Tv sound remained broken for our stay, the toilet overflowed and the shower flooded the bathroom if you did not stand a certain way. Maid never replenished our towels and soap even after we asked our dour faced maid nicely for a bar of soap. Turn down service left all dirty towels in our room and maid left candy wrappers for us to throw away.The Club presentations were nothing like the Club in Cancun. Breakfast was just some buns and fatty cold cuts. Lunch ws the nicest food display of the day with beautiful fresh salads, cold cuts etc.. Cleanliness was an issue here in the club as well. Glass was ridden with childrens sticky fingerprints never to be cleaned. Tables not wiped down after use. The men in the morning wore the same filthy uniform siuts with dried crusted food on them for our entire stay.Also they both had head colds, and one of then kept wiping his nose with his bare hand and then going around handling all the food displays. Needless to say, I caught a vicious brochial cold and it cost me 210.00 to see the hotel docteor. Many people around us at the club began sneezing and coughing as well.Spa was very poorly maintained with the shower, jacuzzi and steam room remaining broken for half our stay. Notice they did not reduce our resort fee for lack of services. And all employees expected tips from opening doors to laying down a towel.On the plus side, the gardens, lobby and public aresa were beautiful. Beach was nice as was the service. They came around with cold towels and frozen fruit to enjoy. The only problem was they came to take your beach umbrella away at aound 4;00pm and if you were napping as I was, you realized you had no umbrella until you awoke with a sunburn as I did! Well, my friends this was my experience at the Ritz San Juan. Hope this review helps.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>pina
<Content>Disappointing Experience My husand and I recently spent three days at the San Juan Ritz Carlton, begining with Easter Sunday, and were terribly disappointed with the hotel service, definetely not at par with other RC resorts. The staff is polite but not eager to please. Had to request silverware on several occasions, while dining on very mediocre food, at the resort restaurants. In general it was not a terrific experience and we would not recommend this resort. Also beware of the Metropol restaurant across the street. My husband became the recipient of a severe bacterial infestation after eating one of their fish preparations and pretty much spent his time between the bathroom and bed until the antibiotic he prescribed for himself, fortunately he is a physician, kicked in on Tuesday when it was time to leave. Good to be home. Wish we had done So. Florida instead.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>3	1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ral63
<Content>Over Stated Just spent 5 days at the Ritz San Juan. Very nice staff, hotel is not a premier property. I felt my room needed a face lift. Wall paper in bathrooms old and in need of change. Rooms very small. Hotel very expensive for what you get. I would not recommend San Juan if your looking for a great beach. Yes, you do hear the planes all day at the beach. Not a horrible problem, but you can hear them. I would not stay there again. I really was expecting more luxury than what I was charged.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jofog1
<Content>A fair analysis of the R-C San Juan My wife  I stayed here in March, 2005. Pros:Finest hotel in Puerto Rico, without question. Service is fantastic, Resort has very nice outdoor area with pool and lush gardens. It is the first hotel out of the airport, which makes for easy quick getaway. Lots of activities and tours daily. Kid-friendly, in Ritz-Carlton style. Very nice spa facility with a great gym, many classes daily  tennis courts. An oasis in Isla Verde.Cons:Puerto Rico is not the finest island in the Carribean. The resort understandably attracts lots of families and is not a great romantic getaway for a couple. Many people are there on a corporate rate of $210/night. Casino attracts more locals than tourists. Beach  pool area can get very crowded on busy weekends. Rooms are very nice, but not as high-end as you might expect. Resort fee and taxes will run $100 additional/day. Be aware, there are many aggressive travelers (read: New Yorkers) staying at this hotel (of which I am one with a bit of self-awareness). I hope this review helped in your decision. Feel free to email me for more info! I have used this website often  am happy to help.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GlobalFlyer
<Content>A delightful retreat I visited this property in December. When I checked in, I was asked for my passport (as is common in many hotels). I was upgraded to a balcony room. A very nice suprise. Another nice suprise was waiting for me upon my return from the beach the following day. A delicious chocolate cake with Happy Birthday spelled on it was in my room. I had not mentioned to anyone that it was my birthday. The staff noticed it from my passport at check in. These kinds of things set this hotel apart from other on the island. Worth every penny.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tddn
<Content>Great Place Stayed at the Ritz 2/17-2/24. Went with husband and 11  14 year old. This place is a great place for a quick trip out of NY's cold weather. You are at hotel 5 minutes after leaving airport. Airport so close is NOT a problem. . The pool is nice but was colder than ocean. Beach nice all activities included with fees, also have jet skiing, banana boat (extra charge not run by hotel). Did banana boat kids loved.Plenty of chairs to go around  hotel was sold out. Loved the frozen watermelon they came around with in the afternoon. Service was excellent everywhere. Liked the Vineyard better than other restaurant. Never left the hotel. Kids had great time. Would recommend to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent experience       Front of ritz taken from street.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PLUMBO
<Content>The best place to relax Let me start by saying I am a very critical person, but there is nothing to criticize about the Ritz. The beach was fabulous, there was great live music at the pool and the lobby lounge, and the casino was a lot of fun. There was a tic-tac-toe game with a live chicken (a better use of chickens than the cockfighting arena near the hotel) and we beat the chicken! Nobody on the staff or the other guests was snooty. The native Puerto Ricans who were at the casino were extremely friendly, especially when I played the free bingo game with numbers called out in Spanish and incomprehensible English. We barely had a desire to leave the hotel for food or anything else, although we did venture to Old San Juan and the rainforest for nice outings, but being at the hotel was better. If you want to relax and not be bothered by anyone, and have everything handed to you on a silver platter, this is the place!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Ritz is a Ritz... We had a great stay as you come to expect from the Ritz Hotels. The service is excellent... recommend the club level with great food throughout the day. The club level will actually save you money with breakfeast, lunch and cocktails provided. The pool is very nice. Small beachfront, but the nicest in the area. The Sushi restaurant and the seafood buffet were excellent. This is not the serene, isolated carribean get away but an excellent retreat for those who want instant access to warm weather with a short connection from the US.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What's not to like My wife and I and our two children just returned from a stay at the Ritz Carlton in San Juan (February 19-22) and like they say, it's the Ritz, what's not to like. Actually, on a scale of 1 to 10 I would give it a 9. Although I rate the hotel five stars (excellent) on the rating scale, I did so only because the four star rating is for above average and in my opinion the hotel is closer to excellent than above average. Prior to arriving at the Ritz, we stayed two nights at the Marriott in Condado Beach. Although the Marriott now owns and/operates the Ritz Carlton chain, there is no comparison between the two properties. With that said, we did have an oceanfront room at the Marriott (which allowed us to sleep with the balcony doors open) and were unable to get one at the Ritz. However, that turned out to be a blessing in disguise. With the exception of a few rooms at the Ritz, none of them have balconies and the windows do not open and we were on the so-called garden-view side of the hotel at $550.00/night and the rooms facing the water were even pricier with no real added benefit. Some reviews talked about the hotel's proximity to the airport which is great when arriving and leaving any really had little, if any, effect on our stay. Although you could hear the occasional airplane taking off when at the pool, it was not a negative. Everthing that others are writing about the hotel is pretty accurate. The staff is as friendly as can be, the hotel and grounds are immaculate, the bathrooms and rooms are very nice and meals at the hotel are expensive. We were somewhat disappointed that our room (612) had a large coffee stain in the middle of the carpet and the carpet in general was somewhat dirty but after pointing this out, someone from the hotel quickly came and scrubbed out much of the coffee stain but truth be told, the entire carpet really needed to be cleaned. We had dinner two nights in the lobby restaurant which also allows you to order from the Chinese restaurant in the casino which we could not eat at because the kids are not allowed in the casino. The first dinner was great but the dinner order the second time was completely messed up (after waiting almost an hour to get it) and the hotel insisted on not charging us for the dinner which was nice. My only real complaint is that the pool did not appear to be heated and was very cold. In fact, the only people in the pool were kids and most guests (including the kids) simply used the jacuzzi. Perhaps in the summer a heated pool is unnecessary but not so in February. Other than that, the hotel was great and we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Has it all Loved it. This place has it all - great spa casino and pool. the service was excellent. i got engaged on the beach here and had the time of our lives. the guest servicesdepartment delivered champaigne and put rose pedals on our bed at night. it was amazing. it is close to the airport but you can't hear many airplanes. the vineyard restaurant is fantastic. get to the pool early to reserve a spot!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tlcarlson
<Content>Very nice place to stay. Staff very helpful.            
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth every $ After spending 6 nights here (just got back yesterday) and wondering around Isla Verde and (old) San Juan, the Ritz is hands down the best hotel in the area (over el san juan, convento, etc.). It is 5 minutes from airport (but you really do not notice it)...we landed at 2 and were checked in, changed and on the beach with a drink by 3. The beach is beautiful (unlike the beach by the el san juan which appears much more public, this beach is more quiet and relaxing...hammocks and lounge chairs are pentiful ). The staff was terrific...fast check in/out, great conceirge (you must try the restaurant in the Museum) and we were upgraded to one of the best rooms in the hotel with one request. The room was not big, but very nice...bathroom was very good. Food was good...particularly, the sushi bar.Great tennis courts, and the pool and spa are what you expect from a 5 star hotel. Casino was fun, but too smokey so we went to the intercontinental and el san juan (5 minutes walk or $5 cab) most evenings.Yes it is a bit pricey, but it is definitely worth it.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good but... My wife and I went to the Ritz dec 11 to dec 18. We decided on it because she is 3 months pregnant and we wanted something easier to get too.GOOD POINTS-Easy access. From the mainland US Puerto Rico is an easy flight with a great deal flexibility. It is a very easy trip to the airport, just a 5 minute ride(watch the cabbies we were informed it shoul dbe an $8 cab ride but we were charged $18 going and $14 going back).Easy to keep in touch. My Blackberry worked and US cell phones worked there. If someone wants to go away and be able to easily keep in touch with work, this place is great for it. The hotel also gets all US TV stations so you can even keep up with your favorite shows.Nice Pool area- The Pool area was really nice and very realxing. The chairs are those nice ones with the padding. On any given day many people were taking naps and it was a mellow relaxed atmosphere. There is a great deal of shade in the pool area between the palm trees and the hotel itself. When we wanted more sun, we went to the sunnier beach.Service- The concierge was great. They recommneded restaurants, made reservations etc.. In general the staff was great except at the restaurants. They were clueless and slow for breakfast and lunch. We did not eat at the Vineyard(the fancy restaurant) it was closed while we were there.Bad PointsThe beach- In general the beach area was just ok. It was not the nice exotic looking beaches that one sees in other parts of the caribbean. My wife and I enjoy taking long strolls on the beach and it was just not that nice.Value- We had a very nice time but I did not think the cost of the trip was really worth it. We go the caribbean every year and I tohught we got better value in everything from the trip to dinners elsewhere.Good to know-Location-The hotel is literally next to airport. It is convenient but you hear and see every plane take off. That diminishes from the ambiance a great deal. This is also not an exotic locale by any means. The hotel is in an urban area close to the airport that just happens to be on the beach. The El San Juan is a 5 minute walk and the interconital a 10 minute walk. The EL San Juan has an interesting scene on Friday and Saturday nights. While the hotel is an an urban area outside of the restaurants in the hotels, there are no restaurants recommneded by the hotel within walking distance(there is a local one but anywhere you can get a steak for 9.99 makes me scared.) Anyway cabs can add up from there, we spent over $130 on cabs while in PR and that was just trips to the airport, Condado($14), Old San Juan($16) and a few other local ones.Restaurants-In general were good but not great. My favorite was Pamelas. We also went to Baru in old san juan good, Ajili-Mojilio my wife liked, I thought just ok. We went to the Italian and the Japanese in the El San Juan both decent but not great.Spa- seemed nice but we did not use it, Casino beat me up too much. The Casino was nice and they either had entertainmnet in the Casino or in the Lobby Lounge.In general we had a great time but I like a more exotic locale and I thought it was not the best value for the $$$. Otherwise would have been a 5***.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Screams 5-Stars at its best! Loved it! My boyfriend and I stayed here for two nights during the Thanksgiving holiday and felt there was no other hotel that could meet the quality of service and attention like the Ritz (we were greeted by name everytime we entered and exited the hotel)! From the rooms to the garden view to the beachfront and pool area, the surroundings screamed grand, quality, and comfort at its best. I wouldn't suggest the dining options inside the hotel though..overpriced and not worth trying. Go to Pikayo (fine dining), El Picoteo (Old San Juan inside the El Convento) or Tangerine (Water Club Hotel) for a delight to your taste buds. Also, the clientele is...well...what you would expect at the Ritz. ..and lots of families with kids. One more thing, the phone rang a few times in the middle of the night, but would stop after one ring (this happend both nights). Overall, the service, attention, and the plush bed in our oceanview room was unbeatable. At the Ritz, your every wish is their command!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 Star Wow! First time to Puerto Rico and the first time staying at the Ritz. This is truly luxury at it's finest. The staff is amazing, the accomodations are the best. Upon check in we were upgraded to the Club level floors that have their own conceirge host as well as access to continental breakfast, mid afternoon snack, tea, and cocktail hour in the evening.The rooms were spacious, the bed, pillows (which we bought), robes, the bathroom were amazing. The pool area was fantastic and beautiful at night as well. They also serve lunch/drinks by the pool. The beach was very nice too. They'll personally escort you to your lounge chair and get you all set up for a day in the sun. The spa treatments were amazing. It may cost you a small fortune but aren't you worth it! Made a donation to the Casino in the hotel. Nice casino, a bunch of slots, but a small number of tables.Ate at one of the hotel restaurants, Carribean Grill, for lunch. It was ok and the cost was silly. lunch for two was $60, I had a burger and wife had a salad. Two great restaurants to go to in San Juan are Pikayo (in the musuem of art). It is amazing, i compare it to Jean George in NYC. The other is Tangerine in the Waterclub Hotel. A Miami Beach like scene. Servings are small but tasty and the nightclub/bar scene at the top of the hotel is great.Hotel is within 10 minute walking distance to the El San Juan and the Intercontinental Hotels. And it's only a 5 minute cab ride from the airport. All in all, I plan a return trip to San Juan and I'm definetly staying at the Ritz.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding Service and Quality We arrived at the Ritz for a 4 night vacation begining on Nov 3. The hotel itself is first class all the way. Everything is perfectly manicured. The staff is the most responsive I've ever seen and I have been on a lot of vacations. The complaints I've read about being close to the airport just aren't accurate. While in the hotel, you never know you are close. Out at the beach you sometimes hear the planes on the runway but the kids love watching them take off in the distance. Yes, if you are out front of the hotel it's loud when they take off. I would love to see it be a bit more kid friendly but it wasn't obnoxious either. A water slide or swim up bar would make it a bit more interesting at the pool. The casino is first rate and clean, not like the El San Juan up the road which seems to be a local hangout for everyone and is a bit run down around the edges. Sure, it's a party place with lots of beautiful young people if you are going to party....but if you want top class service with your family, stay at the Ritz instead. The level of service and comfort at the Ritz can't be matched by anything in that area of the island. The sand on the beach at the Ritz is literally like walking on powder. It's so soft and smooth. Completely clean.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jkaelin
<Content>First Class and Fabulous!       Beach at the Ritz  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding Hotel Arrived at the Ritz on July 18, 2004, after a Cruise and stayed 4 days, it was fabulous! From the Mimosas while you were checking in to the flower petals on my bed to the whole staff. The surroundings were great and the pool area and beach were just beautiful and relaxing. It was closel to the airport (was not a bother as others have said) port and highway, which made it easy to travel the island. I've read the one or two negative reviews reference this hotel and have to say that if you dont' like this hotel you have issues. I strongly recommend it and it will be the only place I stay when I return.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tariap
<Content>Liked the Ritz I stayed at the Ritz in San Juan for 1 night after a cruise (22 Aug 04). The room (4406) was large and I loved the bathroom. Although I did find a hat in the room when I checked in that did not belong there. The bed was very comfortable and the tub was nice and big. I liked that the toilet was seperate from the tub and sink. The room was comfortable and the staff extremely friendly and helpful. The pool and casino are open 24 hours which is nice. The casino is large (for a hotel) but seemed to be filled with mostly nickel machines. I had a good one night's stay there. Others in the group stayed longer and loved every minute of it. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel Really lovely hotel. We had started off our trip at El Convento in Old San Juan for 4 nights. We're very glad we spent the remaining 5 nights at the Ritz. The Ritz was the pool/beach/luxury vacation that we were looking for. We stayed on the Club Level, which provided nice mini-meals and kept our dining costs low. Hotel is elegant throughout. The pool is a great place to lounge. The spa is nice (but not as nice as some of the other Ritz spa properties). The Casino is fun. We lost money in the Casino during most of our trip until we won a big 20,000 nickel jackpot, which was a very pleasant surprise. If you get hungry or need a good drink in the middle of the night (or the middle of the afternoon), put a dollar in one of the 5 cent machines in the Casino and order a Cuban sandwich and a pina colada from the waiter/waitress (very yummy). Have fun!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Ritz lived up to its name! The Ritz was a great place to relax. We just got back and enjoyed our stay tremendously. The hotel was very clean and elegant, as you wold expect. The staff was very helpful and well mannered.The food was a bit pricey for those price conscious travelers, but there plenty of venues down the street. Definitely try Lupi's. The food was great and not that expensive.The only thing we had an issue with was the pool area, which was mainly geared towards adults. We have a two year old and there was no shallow area or designated play area. We survived, but it would have been nice to have something set aside for the little ones.The location is right next to the airport, but the sound was not an issue. I guess they installed sound dampening windows when it was built.We would definitely stay at this hotel again. It was a little pricey, compared to other hotels, but it was well worth it. After all, how much would you pay for a quality vacation with your family?  
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>abenitaj
<Content>Exceptional Three girlfriends and I stayed at the Ritz from June 21-24, 2004. I read the previous reviews for all of the hotels that we were interested in before booking and found the Ritz to meet our specifications. Based on the reviews, I was slightly concerned before arrival. Although nothing compares to the Atlantis hotel in the Bahamas, we were pleasantly surprised. The staff members were friendly, helpful, and made a point to learn your name. We were greeted at the front doors each time we left and returned to the hotel. The rooms were large enough and very clean. The beds were very, very comfortable. The bathroom was larger than usual, nicely decorated, and exceptionally clean. Soft Jazz music was playing when arrived to our room on the first day. Our rooms were cleaned daily and restocked with fresh towels. Our beds were turned back, soft music was left playing and little chocolate candies were left on our pillows upon return to our rooms at night. The pool area was pretty and not crowed at different times of the day. The water at the beach was not as clean and beautiful as the Courtyard but it was sufficient. The casino was big and not smoke filled. The prices at the Spa far exceed any prices that you may expect to find at the most expensive spas in your home state. They have a super gym with lots of equipment and a varied selection of exercise classes and times. The food was somewhat overpriced so we ate at resturants that were within walking distance of the hotel. The Courtyard by Marriott has a delicious dinner buffet for $19.95. If you want more than danish, donuts, and bagels for breakfast, then don't eat the buffet at the Ritz. The Courtyard also has a breakfast buffet for appoximately the same price as the Ritz but meats, juice, and fruit are included. We also found that the drinks were overpriced so we opted to play a few dollars on the slot machines to get free drinks. Strangely enough, although the airport was close by, we never heard any noise from the planes. The band at the Ritz was great. They played all sorts of music. We stayed on the 8th floor and the carpet in the hallway was a little outdated and worn but we didn't smell any musty odors. We travel a lot and are very selective about hotels. Moreover, if you are as picky about hotels as we are then, I would only recommend The Ritz Carlton and the Courtyard for accommodations in San Juan.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The classiest hotel in San Juan My husband and I stayed at The Ritz (with another couple) from June 25th to the 29th, and for the most part found this resort to be excellent. First of all, the hotel itself is quite pretty, with the lobby area greeting you with full views of the pool area through floor-to-ceiling glass windows about two stories high. The pool area was very nice and we didn't have any problems finding 4 lounge chairs on our own ,or on saturday and sunday with the help of one of the pool attendants (never neglecting their gratuity, of course). My husband and his best friend really enjoyed the beach and commented how clean and pleasant it was. We celebrated my husband's 29th birthday on sunday and found the Sunday Brunch at The Caribbean Grill excellent, and our waiter even made us a special array of desserts with a candle and a personalized birthday wish. We also got a chance to have some services at the spa, which was fine but not what you'd expect from The Ritz Carlton chain. As far as food is concerned, we ate at both the restaurant by the beach (can't remember the name) and The Caribbean Grill and found the food well prepared and delicious. Previous reviews have mentioned prices to be high, which may be somewhat true if you don't keep reminding yourself that you are on vacation and that these prices are somewhat expected for any high-end resort. If you are in San Juan you really have your pick of some really good food, we visited several restaurants and found La Piccola Fontana (in The Wyndham El San Juan), Ajili Mojili (in Condado), Casa Borinquen and Dragonfly (both in Old San Juan) all to be excellent, and all with such different flare!.Apart from housekeeping which was somewhat inconsistent , the service at The Ritz is excellent. The staff from the bellmen, front desk, conceirge and wait staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Now on to our only problem with our stay, from our first walk into our balcony room (# 354) we noticed an awful mildew or mold-like smell. The room was very well appointed and of a nice size, and this lingering smell seem to be coming from the carpet. On our second day we called housekeeping to ask if something could be done about the smell and because we noticed that the carpet had not been vacummed since we got there. The lady on the phone was very polite and apologetic and within 10 minutes there was a housekeeper at our room, vacum in hand and with a very strong but pleasant room deodorizing spray. The smell persisted and on our last night there we were awaken by a big leak in the ceiling in the entrance area. Engineering came to our room about twenty minutes after our phone call to Guest Services and without even coming into our room, which obviously shows that they were previously aware of this problem, informed us that it would be taking them a very long time to deal with the problem and that we should call the front desk and have our room switched. After packing, we were moved to the 7th floor and our room (# 757) was spotless. We were allowed a 3 o'clock check out after reminding the front desk of our switch, but no one offer any apologies furthermore. In closing, I hope that this review has been helpful and as for us we would actually stay at The Ritz Carlton San Juan in the future, but would request to be moved immediately if upon entering the room we find ourselves unhappy.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kyamin
<Content>very,very, nice we stayed at the marriott for two nights, before staying at the ritz. There is no comparison. The Ritz is lovely and very clean. The staff is very friendly and couldn't be more helpful. The restaurants are o.k. overpriced. But you can eat out locally and have good food. I would definitely recommend the hotel as one of the best. It is on the quiet side. I would not bring teenagers here.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WE LOVED IT !! My husband  I just returned from our vacation we stayed at the ritz carlton the staff was very friendlty (first rate) !!rooms are very nice the bed is like sleeping on a cloud take metropol (cuban food) food is very good  reasonable prices. !! (across the street in walking distance.the pool  beach are nice !! stay at the ritz carlton you won't be disappointed !!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jayne94
<Content>Nice hotel My husband and I just returned from spending a few days at the Ritz-Carlton in San Juan.We were able to get a nice room facing the pool area.The beds were very comfortable.The staff was excellent.I would avoid though eating there. Definitely over-rated, at least eating dinner at the Caribbean Bar and Grill.The pool area and beach area were fine.It's true that the hotel is about 5 minutes from the airport but we never heard anything inside the hotel.Also I would recommend renting a car from LW.They are located right next door to the Ritz.There's also free parking available if you rent from there.Then when you are done with the car, they can drive you to the airport.Prices were reasonable.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tosca3
<Content>We loved the Ritz and would definitely return! My husband, 17 mo daughter and I arrived at the Ritz on Friday during the Memorial Day weekend and stayed Club Level (9th floor). Check-in was quick - no complaints. The room was a bit small but well appointed. We had asked to have the room POLO'd (protect our little ones - Ritz' childproofing) and it was not done. The crib we had ordered arrived shortly after we got there. The service on a whole was great. Everyone seemed to go out of their way to be friendly and helpful. As someone else mentioned, if you asked where something was, the staff would walk you to it. Housekeeping was OK. There was a bit of a language barrier at some points. But otherwise, the room was always cleaned while we were out. We were never inconvenienced by their presence.The Club lounge was definitely worth it and I would strongly recommend it to others. There was always plenty of food and lots of variety. The lounge staff was very accommodating and always aimed to please. One day we decided to have afternoon tea (done upon request) and, although we had to wait a bit, it was definitely worth it. The one complaint I have with the lounge is that some of the patrons did not observe the rules of etiquette nor the dress code. The staff rarely mentioned the rules to those persons...The pool area was very nice and it didn't get too crowded. It is true that in order to get a good beach chair location, you need to arrive by the pool no later than 9. We only ate once by the pool and the food was OK. The beach area was nice as well. I did not see many non-Ritz guests by the beach. There was always plenty of beach chairs available.We had the seafood buffet (on Friday nights at the Caribbean Grill) and it was fantastic. Worth the $49 pp. Our meal at the Vineyard Grill was outstanding and the service superb.The proximity to the airport was nice and the noise of the jets was not too bothersome. After the first few times, you hardly noticed it. All in all, we had a wonderful time and would return without a second thought.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved The Ritz My wife and I stayed at the Ritz Carlton for an extended weekend on the way to Culebra. The property was beautiful, well appointed and we found the service to be excellent. We have stayed with Ritz in several other locations and found this hotel to match the quality that we expect from this chain. In regards to the recent writer from Houston concerned that the staff could not speak english...I think they should realize that they are visiting an area where spanish is the primary language, and if they want perfect english (and beautiful escorts), they should visit Florida. Puerto Rico is a fascinating island and an exciting place to learn from those who live differently than us in Texas and Massachusetts. At any rate, this has nothing to do with the Ritz, but I could not resist. Enjoy San Juan and consider The Ritz Carlton if you are looking for a wonderful experience.  
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great restaurants!!! Caribbean Grill and Vineyard were great!!! I've read all the reviews that said that most of the staff at this hotel couldn't speak good english, and all I have to say to that is that it was all bull! It was my wife's and I anniversary, and we decided to eat at the Vineyard, there we were greeted by a beautiful tall, blonde Puertorican woman named Lizzie (by the way she looked like she was from France, not Puerto Rico and spoke PERFECT english). My wife then wanted to know where the Casino was and Lizzie very kindly, left her stand and escorted my wife all the way to the casino. To top that off, after we left, we were curious about all the other restaurants on the property, we asked the hostess and not only did she show us the menu of each, but she also showed us to them!!! The next day, we saw her at the Caribbean Grill (she seems to be an all around girl). She welcomed us by name, asked us how we spent out anniversary and sat us in a great table. Then we were greeted by an excellent waiter named Christopher who also spoke perfect english and got us our order promptly and efficiently. The only complaint I have is with housekeeping, who are a bit slow and they REALLY need to work on their english, and room service, which are a little slow (but the food was still very good). I had a little trouble with the check in, but the agent (another beautiful blonde) was very polite and courteous and excused herself for the inconvenience. I have stayed in the water club, and there all the women are beautiful and know it and they treat you like it is your priviledge to speak to them. Their english is terrible and the service is slow. All I can say for the Ritz-Carlton san Juan is that they have an excellent staff, eager to please, a great property, and most of all, GREAT service. I will definetly return for my next anniversary (mw wife would not have it any other way!)  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Ritz Carlton--would definitely return. My husband and I went to San Juan for our anniversary and stayed at the Ritz Carlton. I must say without a doubt that it was one of the better hotels we have ever stayed. The restaurants were great, the pool area was outstanding (all of the pool chairs, floats, etc. appeared to be new) and above all, the staff was FANTASTIC. We would definitely stay there again. In fact, my sister and I are planning a week stay in San Juan in June and will stay at the Ritz Carlton.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tim-Sue81
<Content>Diverse Guests, Wonderful Hotel and Staff Like many others, I was perplexed by the contradictory reviews offered for this hotel... until I went. The Ritz San Juan is a beautiful property with wonderfully pleasant staff, particularly the club level staff. We had a very nice stay and would return in a heartbeat. The guests were as varied as the reviews before you. Many were very pleasant, but many were quite demanding and obnoxious toward the staff. A lesson to take with you wherever you may go- treat others as you would like to be treated and it will pay great dividends. Don't let the poor reviews keep you from this wonderful hotel.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love The Ritz We stayed at this hotel for a few days before a cruise.Hotel is very nice,clean.Pool beautiful beach nice,Ritz supplies beach chairs umbrellas  some water activities boogie boards,kyak,water bikes.you can also catch jetskis  bannana boats here.If you want to stay in town or nearby old san juan this is perfect spot.if you are looking for a quiet resort i don't thnk this would be it,this hotel close to airport,which isn't a problem but for a long stay could be. Snacks in lounge excellent,so are restaurants, skip friday nite seafood buffet not worth it.All in all would recommend  stay again.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Easter Week After reading some of the recent reviews we were very concerned about staying at the San Juan Ritz, during Easter week.Much to our surprise, we had a wonderful week. The staff is super. They genuinely were very interested in helping us whether it be at the pool, room, restaurant or other hotel areas.The pool is wonderful and the beach was great. The hotel was full but the service was always available to help.We would definitely go back to the Ritz San Juan. We have stayed at other hotels in Puerto Rico and none of them compare to the service at the Ritz.Our stay was SUPERB !!!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>safety to an extreme I spent a few days at the Ritz Carlton in San Juan last year. I went to visit some friends who have a beautiful home outside of San Juan and brought back a bunch of beautiful flowers from their garden, to put on a vase in my room. A day before my departure, another good friend came over to visit and I asked him to take the flowers with him, so that they would not go to waste. On his way down the elevator, one of the hotel managers made a sarcastic comment complementing the flowers. On his way out by the beach, the pool staff again asked him where he had obtained the flowers from. He explained. When he was about to get into his car, a security guard stopped him and again asked about the flowers. My friend was finally let go, but we were left with a sour taste in our mouths. We support security, but wasn't this a bit ridiculous? Otherwise, the pool is HEAVENLY. The beach just ok.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VoyageurHeureux
<Content>Very Nice For What It Is: An Urban Resort We have just returned from a four-day stay at this hotel. The previous reviews of this and other San Juan hotels left us puzzled, so I thought I'd try to provide the straight scoop. This is a very fine URBAN resort hotel, with a pleasant beach attached as a bonus. There is no question that this is the finest hotel in San Juan, and the staff is well trained and generally eager to provide a lovely experience. As an added bonus, the hotel is a pleasant five-minute walk from the El San Juan, which has fabulous nightlife in its elegant lobby. BUT: This is not the Caribbean resort of your dreams -- it is basically urban. If you need or want to stay in San Juan itself (as we did) this is beyond any dispute the finest choice you could make. (The closest competitors in San Juan, such as the Marriott or the Water Club, are pale imitations of the Ritz and nowhere near as nice.) However, Puerto Rico does offer many other high-end beach resorts some distance away -- typically, 1-2 hours drive outside of San Juan. If you're looking for a typical luxury Caribbean resort, you may be happier at one of those choices (Horned Dorset, Wyndham in Farjado, etc.). If you have already decided in stay in San Juan itself, howver, the Ritz is absolutely your best choice. BTW, if you're in San Juan, go for dinner at Pikayo -- rated, for good reason, as one of the top 100 restaurants in the world for 2003.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible experience Terrible experience. In a nutshell, I had a pair of designer sunglasses stolen from my rental car by the Valet attendants. After reporting the problem to several managers, I left without the problem being resolved. It appears that the management of this particular hotel has not been empowered to do whatever it takes to keep a customer. In today's competitive business environment, that is a recipie for failure. The management in this Ritz Carlton could benefit greatly from attending some customer service seminars. Just a thought!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED IT!!!!!! This has got to be the BEST Ritz-Carlton hotel I have EVER stayed in!!!! I have read the previous reviews and am completely flabbergasted, by their negativity!!!! The Ritz-Carlton is a dream, and the staff couldn't be more elegant or sophisticated!!!! The food was GREAT, especially at the Carribean Grill!!!! During my stay, they treated me like a queen (they also remebered my name and the fact that I love cheddar cheese soup at night!!!! I am definetly staying here again!!!! I can defineatly see why the Ritz is a leader in the hotel industry!!!!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise Found We just returned (Mar 12th, 2004) from a 5-night vacation at the best place we have ever stayed The Ritz Carlton San Juan. Let me start with this was a first time staying at a Ritz so we do not know what others are like, but based off of our experience here we would stay at any of them and plan on coming back to this one. We saw many of the negative write-ups and were frankly nervous about our stay, but in our opinion they were completely unfounded. Our room was ocean view, without a balcony. It was great, what you would expect for $400 a night. The staff was extremely courteous, no matter what I asked for they would respond It will be my pleasure and they delivered time and time again. While it was not over run by children, it was very child friendly (2 of which were ours) and the staff (especially the concierge and their staff) were fantastic. The rooms were cleaned and turned down perfectly. Yes you can hear and see every airplane that takes off from San Juan International but that is because you are 20 minutes from the airport and there are no large buildings blocking the coast. The beach was very clean (the sand is brown not dirty), when there was high winds or heavy rain seaweed would wash ashore but it was always clean the next morning and in clear weather the water was crystal clear blue. If there is one thing I would say is that the Caribbean Grill (on the beach) was a little slow but with that scenery, the wonderful sunny skies, cool breeze and ice cold Pina Colada- who cares. I would recommend this place to everyone.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great time at the Ritz just returned from PR. Feb. 17,24,04 at the Ritz. As usual had a great time. Hotel and staff were great , will be back soon.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A few problems? Sure. Still a great place to stay? Definitely. My husband and I just got back from a 4-night stay at the Ritz-Carlton in San Juan, and overall had a wonderful stay there. We found all the staff to be very helpful and friendly, always greeting us with a smile. The property was beautiful, especially the pool area and lobby. It is true that the rooms could use some updating - especially new carpet - but our room and bathroom was large (at least for our NYC standards), comfortable, clean, and nicely decorated. We had no trouble getting a king size bed, and another reviewer put it nicely, it was like sleeping on a cloud. On the weekdays, housekeeping was a little slow to get to our room (twice it was not done by 4pm), one night we did not receive turndown service, and I had to call to get new bathrobes when housekeeping removed them and forgot to replace. This didn't bother us too much since we were rarely in the room during the day, and during the weekend the housekeeping staff was much more on top of it. The pool area was indeed crowded, but we were always able to find chairs (even getting there late morning/early afternoon). There is some airplane noise on the beach, less at the pool, and we never noticed it inside the hotel. The beach is beautiful, but windy - at least when we were there - and they have nice hammocks set up under the palms. We did not eat dinner at the hotel restaurants, preferring to head into Old San Juan, but the breakfast at the Caribbean Grill was always delicious. Also had very tasty Cuban food at Metropole (5 min. walk from hotel) - and for $35 for two people, dinner, beer, and dessert, it's a great deal for a casual meal. The nightlife at the Ritz is pretty quiet, except for the casino on the weekend. However, a very happening bar/nightclub scene is only a short walk away at the El San Juan. That was a fun place to spend an evening, but I don't think I'd want to stay there as a guest. Overall, the Ritz was exactly what we were looking for - a peaceful, beautiful place to enjoy the sun and be pampered. For us, the few problems were merely momentary annoyances, and did not affect our enjoyment of the vacation. We would definitely stay there again, and highly recommend it to others.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing. Terrible. Horrific. We just spent three nights at the Ritz Carlton, San Juan. This hotel is an embarassment to the Ritz franchise. The management staff was rude, completely unhelpful, and dishonest. They did nothing to accomodate us or make up for the mistakes they continued to make. Although most of the bellboys and waiters were nice, some were downright lazy and seemed bothered to have to help us (not surprising given the horrible management style of the entire place.) Needless to say, we will NEVER be returning to this hotel and I have warned everyone I know to stay away. I would venture to say we would have gotten better service at a Holiday Inn. Disgraceful.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is what the Ritz is like?? This was out first stay at a Ritz Hotel. We were looking forward to the glamour and glitz. Didn't find it here! The hotel was very crowded and busy. Lots of very small children. Not what you want when you're looking forward to a relaxing long weekend. The staff tried to do the best they could. I think there just weren't enough of them. Poolside was the worst. Empty food plates all over. Just overall messy. Our initial room was so full of mold and mildew we had to move to another room. The food was also not up to par. Overall very disappointing. I told my husband that I didn't want this experience to taint our view of this hotel chain, he gave me the harry eyeball! Enough said.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Far cry from other Ritz Properties After staying at the Ritz for a little over two hours , I left the hotel. I confirmed a queen bed with ocean views. What I got was a two hour wait (they said they would call my cell when room was ready, which they did not) before a twin bed room was available overlooking the roof of the ritz spa. If you like looking at air conditionier units and repair men on the roof then this room was great. When the manager tried to accomodate me with a king bed with a mountain view, I viewed the room and saw that I was basically looking at the airport with planes landing every 15 minutes.The property is small and there is not too much to do. The only benefit is that you are close to San Juan.Do yourself a favor and do not stay at this hotel. for 400 a night you can do much better.Also, make sure you get a confirmation (not a request) for the type of room you want if you stay. If you do not get a confirmation they will stick you anywhere.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>melissa251
<Content>too crowded I am a repeat customer of the ritz and this is the worst ritz i've ever been in. The hotel was extremely crowed and the service was lousy. The hotels overall appreance was ok, but ive never seen worst rooms in a ritz before. I Think that this hotel needs to be updated and needs to be UP TO the standards a ritz should be. I suggest save your money because this hotel is too expensive for what it is.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>sub-standard service at the Ritz This was our 2nd stay at this property, the first being last year in Feb. Last year the service, food and rooms were perfect. This year, under new ownership I understand, not very good. Food was poor at carib and pool rest. , service at the grills and pool, non-existant and housekeeping didn't get to our room until 4pm each day. If your expecting Ritz level service you will not receive it at this property. I don't have any problem paying for service and quality but by the end of week was very frustrated at the high prices and lack of service.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gyinct
<Content>Great Hotel BUT not without flaws!! We just came back from this hotel on 2/15 and had a great time overall. My summary is that the accomodations are first class, service by front desk, concierge, bellmen and housekeeping are excellent but not without some problems. The only place I found average service was at the ocean/poolside restaurant staff...they were ok but not up to Ritz standards. You will find certain things annoying for this class of hotel like...I went to the fitness center and two of the open treadmills were not working (apparantly broken)..so I told the guy and he could not get them working so he said he will get them repaired...after several other people tried to use them until I told him he needed to put a broken sign on them. I promised my kids pasta for dinner at the poolside restaurant..come dinner time we ordered and they told us it would take over an hour so I convinced my kids to get a hamburger and they could have ice cream but later...no ice cream. I made a valentines dinner reservation a month in advance at the signature restaurant at the hotel the Vinyard..come 5:00 on Valentines day I go to find out if my reservation was for 7 or 7:30...they tell me they don't have me listed and there is no room. I was livid but I must say, they tried to do all they possibly could and they got me in someplace else, gave me transportation, etc. All in all, don't expect the same great Ritz service everywhere in the Hotel but mostly it is very good. The pool is great, especially for kids (only 3- 3.5 feet deep and they give you pool floats) One thing is to get up a reserve your pool chair early since it gets crowded. The beach is also nice...great sand and shallow water..but while we were there a little windy and shallow waves. The Ritz will get you a beach chair and umbrella and offers sailboats, kayaks, etc. for free use (included, among other things, in the 10% resort fee surcharge they started charging in 2004). The spa and fitness center is very nice...bring your wallet...but good things cost $ ..right?? Almost everybody uses it, especially for the signature messages. The casino and lobby bar is faily quiet during the week and gets busier on the weekend. You will see tourists and locals in the casino on the weekend. Over at the El San Juan hotel that place is really hopping all the time and you will see lots of locals, hear spanish bands and people are dancing in the smokey lobby. The csino is also more crowded and smokey than the Ritz. I recommend a visit to the El San Juan but its nice to visit and then come back to the Ritz. Since food is very expensive at the Ritz, Denny's for breakfast is great and right around the corner. What we paid at denny's for 3 adults and two children bought one breakfast buffet at the Ritz (22.50). However, the Ritz does not have any other outside restaurants closeby.. you will have to walk or take a cab to get to other restauarants. The El San Juan/Intercontinental are farther down and accross from some fast food places (pizza hut, wendys, burger king) and a grocery store (where you can buy some water/soda/yogurt/cereal etc. for the room, otherwise you will pay $$$ at the Ritz). These hotels are maybe a 10 minute walk from the Ritz. The restaurants at the El San Juan are very good and more to our liking than the Ritz. The Italian restaurant Piccolo is especially good. The Intercontinental has a Ruth Cris steakhouse but with the Kids we went to the Outback at the Embassy Suites (15 minute walk from Ritz/ 5 minutes from El San Juan hotel). The Ritz is very close to the airport and although at times the planes taking off are very loud, you don't notice it when out by the beach or pool and at night the sound is very muffled by the soundproofing built into the hotel...all in all.. the noise was not an issue. The El San Juan and Intercontinental hotels are further down the road so I imagine noise is less of an issue. The Ritz rooms are very, very nice (especially the bathrooms) and small/average size. Great bed and Frette linens for superior comfort. The Intercontinental is an older hotel and rooms not nearly as nice. If I was going back, I would still stay at the Ritz (even with the Valentines day fiasco). The only way I can see people bad mouthing this place is because they are used to flawless service (usually found at the Ritz) and anything else is a disappointment....but if you can overlook some service issues and the price of drinks and food, you will have a wonderful time!!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DrBob5
<Content>Great easy get away We went to this hotel with two small children. It is an excellent place to just sit by the pool or on the beach and forget the cold. Two minutes from the airport the local is great. The service was superb and as some one noted on a earlier review they do speak spanish here. It is a former spanish colony, but they also speak english quite well and are incredibly accomadating to the guests of the hotel. Personal favorite was the sushi bar menu was availablefrom room service. Great trip.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gerryjets
<Content>We were extremely impressed!! Me and my wife were very nervous about coming here after reading the reviews. How wrong the negative reviews were is unbelievable! We were there last weekend - 1/29 to 2/1.We loved everything about this place - its absolutely one of the nicest , well-kept properties with plush surroundings and excellent service. I will admit although the service is excellent - this is not the quickest (not like NYC). But we did not mind as the attitude of the workers was excellent and we were there to relax.We even had to make a last minute change to the dates. I asked for a manager as the reservations line told me they were completely booked. The manager not only got us a room but he gave me his cell as we chatted during the week to see if there were any upgrades available. He truly went out of his way to satisy us.Here are the highlights -- great pool area - very clean and not too many kids (good for us as we wanted some quiet) - very nice spa and gym - the food was good but not great (although we did not eat at the signature Vineyard) - room was very nice (2X cleanings per day) and very comfortableThe bonus is that this place is 10 minutes from the airport and you barely hear any planes!I would highly recommend anyone wanting a high-end experience to stay here!  
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ANELSON1013
<Content>Verry Disappointing This hotel is not 5 star property. Very disappointing in every aspect. Small room with no view $400.00/night. Cocktails $12.50...Food quality terrible and outrageously expensive. Poor location requires expensive cabs everywhere. Better off to run out in the backyard and just throw up $5000 up in the air. You will feel better.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxurious and Fabulous Escape...Close to New York The Ritz San Juan is a fabulous hotel with a great swimming pool steps from a white sandy beach. The staff is top notch professional as expected and tends to your every desire. I have stayed at this Ritz three times and will return again in March. I am the typical New Yorker...type A, Perfectionist and can find fault with everything. The only fault I find is that I can't stay longer!!!I do not understand some of these reviews...could these guests have stayed at the wrong hotel?  
<Date>Jan 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Service The service at the counter reception area was terrible. We left things in the safe deposit box in the room. When we left we immediately call them 20 mins later and the assured me that I could pick my things up at the reception desk. When I arrived no one knew anything and they said some one had given the room and they would not disturb the new customer. These were important documents and they were very rude and not one bit helpful. The food is horrible also.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely the best! My husband and I stayed at the Ritz for one week May 2003, and we were also there a week in December 2002. When I read the horrible reviews of this hotel, I wonder if they were staying the same hotel. The Ritz in San Juan is the best hotel. I would pay to stay there anytime. Staying at the hotel has made me compare every hotel I stay at to the Ritz in San Juan. The staff was absolutely great! The front desk personnel were very friendly, and accomodating. The room, the pool, and the beach were very clean. I cannot wait until my next stay here.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>holykamoli
<Content>Long time guest I've been staying at this Ritz for more than seven years. At first, I found check in to be a problem if there was a large group checking in but it was more the weary traveler than the help. Not much of a big gambler, but my friends think the Casino is just perfect. There always seems to be something going on. The best deal at this hotel is the concierge level. If though it's more than a 100.00 a day more for the room you easily save this in food and drinks. The breakfast at club level is perfect and plentiful along with the luncheon and even cocktails. I've been traveling to San Juan to enjoy the local Tarpon fishing and with the Marina (Cangrejos Yacht Club) a five minute ride this is the perfect destination. Even better is the 5 hour flight from Boston, 10 minutes to the hotel, and 1 hour later fishing with Captain Omar. The sushi bar is fantastic, room service outstanding, the pool is always clean, and the beach side bar always great. Can't recommend it enough and the best thing is the weather is 85 degrees year round!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous!!!! My husband and I loved this property. How could any one give this property a bad review? Our room was gorgeous and spacious with a balcony overlooking the ocean. The restaurants were also very nice. Loved ther huge pool, we will return.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ritz-Carlton is SUPER! The Ritz-Carton in San Juan was all the we expected -- plus! The Ritz-Carlton has a reputation for excellence, and we were not surprised to find the room quite lovely and the amenities also 'way above standard. The meals were also terrific. But the main ingredient, making our stay so pleasurable, was the service. It was outstanding!!! Every employee was gracious, friendly, helpful and appeared interested in our welfare. I would recommend the Ritz to anyone, with the expectation that no one would be disapppointed.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The talk but not the walk It is no accident that this Ritz has low occupancy compared to other hotels in the San Juan area. The service is bad from the get-go; you get a more inviting welcome at the Hampton Inn! You would think from the snotty and pretentious attitudes that this hotel was first class, and people who think that first class means being treated condescendingly will relish their stay here, but frequent travelers will know better. The typical room is tiny.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hnilee
<Content>great place and svc just got back for 4 nights. a great place and svc. some of the reviews are very wrong or they just had bad days and prof complainers. i have been many of ritz and 4 seasons, nothing wrong with this hotel. but few issues, 1) this is 50% hotel/50% resort. good for business travelers. 2) room size/400 sq ft. too small. most rooms do no  
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They must be crazy! We just completed our stay at the Ritz a couple of weeks ago. (8/23-8/30) And before we left we had read some of the Roach Motel reviews by some of the others and can't figure out where they stayed! Must not have been at the Ritz because we had an excellent time. They, meaning the bashers of the Ritz, have to be spoiled and uptight. The rooms were clean and fresh. Room service twice a day was great! Bed was luscious and totally comfortable. Down comforter, pad, and pillows. The Casino was smaller than a Vegas style casino, but had the same atmoshphere, fun and inviting. We ended up there at some point every night. Pool was immaculate! Beautiful landscaping and very clean, if you don't mind the Iguanas! But even they were friendly. Food a bit expensive but worth it. All our meals there were excellent, especially the Ocean Grill by the beach. The staff was always courteous and helpful. Greeted us with smiles all the time. We would recommend this Hotel to anyone. What can I say....They MUST be crazy!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enchanted by the quality of the room... Wonderful hotel and great service from the polite greetings of the greeters at the doors to the maids at our room. Exquisite bed linens with down feather pads you feel like your sleeping on a cloud. The best sleep I've gotten in all my travels throughout Europe, Mex, USA and the Caribbean. Not a whisper is heard from the nearby airport due to the quality of the construction as well as the insulation of the bldg. Within walking distance to Dennis Restaurant if you desire to have breakfast elsewhere. I'll definitely return for my next vacation.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ladydi52
<Content>Wonderful! My husband and I stayed at the Ritz-Carlton in San Juan PR 7/12 - 18, 2003. It was an absolutely fabulous place to stay. The service was perfect. Our room (we had a city view) was neat and comfortable. The hotel itself was luxurious and had a grand feeling about it. The beach was clean and the ocean was good for swimming. We would definitely go back there again or try another Ritz-Carlton. We were not disappointed one bit and felt like royalty while there. One thing about the area: you may want to rent a car to give yourself more variety on affordable places to eat and for things to do. Also, if you have children, consider another hotel -- i.e. the Hilton or Wyndham in Condado looked more accommodating for children. But, if you're just looking for quiet and relaxation in a top-notch hotel, the Ritz is the place to be.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time, but.... We just returned from the Ritz (Aug. 7-12). The hotel was very nice and well kept. The standard rooms are a little small. In all the staff was very friendly and the service was great. The only problem we had was that the wait staff was slow and seemed to be spread thin. The meals and cocktails are overpriced! I would not recommend families use this property. The Jet thrust noise is a bit loud when out on the beach. I could not really hear it when in the hotel. All in all, I think it is a great property but I would have a hard time paying more than $200-$300 a night during peak.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmo312
<Content>Loved the Ritz We stayed at the Ritz from 8/4-8/9. The room was beautiful, facing the courtyard. The staff couldn't be more friendlier or helpful. They always had a smile on their face. We were treated like royalty. The drinks  food were a little expensive. The hotel was immaculate. I loved the idea of of maid service twice a day, always supplying clean towels  making sure we had enough amenities. (We loved the chocolates they left in the room.) We would definitely stay their again.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Satisfied for the Price I was dissapointed. I had stay there 2 years ago, and at that time, I was treated at all times like one expects from a five star hotel. But this time it wasn't up to the same levels of service, courtesy and all around experience. The hotel is not kids friendly, the rooms are small, the restaurants meals are way overpriced for the quality and portions. I believe they are understaffed ( my room was cleaned very late during the day and one particular night, there was nobody at the main entrance to greet and open the door, and no one to receive my rental car. Next time, I will go somewhere else.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THE ABSOLUTE WORST!!! DO NOT STAY HERE!!! I have stayed at virtually every Ritz Carlton property, and this hotel is beyond dreadful!!! The desk staff is rude and extremely unaccomodating. The rooms are musty and loud (because of the extremely close proximity to the airport - you could walk there). The bathrooms are full of black mold. In addition, I found a condom wrapper by the whirlpool. The food and drinks are bad and costly. Do go elsewhere, trust me!!!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fine for a regular hotel, but not a Ritz My husband and I went to the Ritz in San Juan for our 1st Anniversary. After staying at a Four Seasons for our honeymoon, the Ritz has a lot to compete with. We were lucky enough to get upgraded to what they call a Jr. Suite, which is merely a larger room (600 sq ft). We peaked in the regular rooms and they are small. In the Jr. Suite the bathroom is nice and large w/ a shower stall separate from the tub (which I happen to prefer), but the stall is so small you can hardly move. Very bad planning for a Ritz. Also, the rooms are very dark. The rest of the hotel is nice, but I did notice little things that seemed worn out and needed to be refurbished. Not at all what I would expect of a Ritz. For example, in the Caribean Grill- the seats are stained and mismatched furniture. The food on the breakfast buffet is not readily re-served, as needed. My absolute biggest problem was the service. The people that work there are all nice, but in a completely different world seem  to miss everything obvious. There will be 5 towel people standing around doing nothing and three waitresses for the whole pool who you never see. The pool area was not kept clean at all. I heard people complain to one manager who apologized and said they were understaffed. Then I complained to two other managers who were nice and receptive, but never did anything to make it better. After all the complaints I heard from other people, I was surprised that these two managers appeared to be so shocked at my complaints about the service. Apparently, they haven't read the other comments on this website- maybe that would give them a clue. For example, I complained to one manager at 10 am about the pool service and she said she would take care of it right away. Nothing was done. I then complained to another manager and had the same response. By the end of the day the dirty towels, empty bottles, etc. were still there and never cleaned up. One time during our stay when I actually did see someone w/ a broom by the pool, she walked right by a large empty water bottle and empty bag of chips- completely oblivioius. In the restaurant, we 'd be there early in the morning when it was empty. I would sit there w/ my hand raised for 5-10 minutes before someone actually noticed I needed something. Complete oblivion. I'd go back in the off-season again since the rates are cheaper and you won't feel as if you wasted a lot of money. I can't even imagine how they could handle the large crowds at Christmas- and I certainly would not pay $500/night to stay there during peak season.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't stay at the Ritz Carlton San Juan This hotel is near the airport and is really better for business than pleasure. The rooms and halls need refurbished and the service is poor at breakfast , at the pool restaurant and at the beach. The front desk personell gave poor service upon arrival. It appears that management has not taught customer service as they exhibit at other Ritz Carltons we have stayed at in St Thomas and in the USA.  
<Date>May 7, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Get A Life - A Great Hotel I was apprehensive going here after reading the reviews- having just returned I feel the critics are nuts. The rooms are just as advertised (sdq footage etc)- it's not a Four Seasons- but you get what you pay for. The staff was gracious and accomodating- the noise from airport not heard inside and nothing compared to living in Dc or NYC. I think the naysayers are folks who are splurging on a luxury hotel for the 1st time--go back to Motel 6 where you can count your pennies. I'd gladly recommend the Ritz SJ to anyone....  
<Date>Apr 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ritz Carlton Just So-So This Ritz Carlton does not live up to the chain's reputation. Our room was so small that furniture had to be rearranged each night to make room for the cot for our granddaughter who was traveling with us. Once the cot was in place (which was $35 per night extra), we could not walk out onto the balcony (which was $150 per night extra) without tripping over furniture. The lighting in the bathroom was horrible, the food was just ok, at lunch there was a long wait at the outdoor restaurant...it wasn't the Ritz experience we expected. We've stayed at much better hotels for a lot less money.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>disappointed I have stayed at many Ritz Carlton properties and this was NOT the norm. Checked into a oceanfront room, view was nice but the furniture was old, bedspread was stained, not the usual sheets, no featherbed. Had to call down for robes. No turndown service unless you called every night to request. The staff was not professional or friendly. The spa was okay at best. Would not recommend this property to anyone! Good luck if you stay there!!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Planes trains automobiles Site selection people really missed the boat here. Room was not ready for over two hours--though we did manage to get one of the oceanview balconies. Room was small. Most rooms did not even have balconies or opening windows as it is so close to the airport. Staff was inconsistant and they erroneously added charges to my bill after I left that took four months to clear up. Laying on a raft in the ocean smelling jet fuel as they flew literally right overhead did not add much to the ambiance. This was topped off that evening when we were told by the security guard that he advised us against taking a romantic walk on the beach for safety sake---the good news was he was there to warn us...  
<Date>Mar 3, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ub42
<Content>Not the best Ritz...   showReview(860212, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>San Juan Be Gone   showReview(859909, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>4 great nights!! Loved It!   showReview(837382, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not upto usual Ritz standard   showReview(833048, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5 Incredible Nights   showReview(832882, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delightful week at the Ritz   showReview(821303, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2002
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MrsMaytag
<Content>Save Your Money   showReview(722231, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Save Your Money. Stay at the El San Juan   showReview(721390, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a geat time by not relying on the hotel to provide my total experience   showReview(707297, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Save your money!   showReview(701408, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

