<Author>Karen012
<Content>Great location, comfortable beds This is our second stay at the New Orleans Marriott and we enjoyed it immensely. It is in a good location close to everything but very quiet. The lobby is cool looking,very modern.The rooms and beds are comfortable,I had a corner room and had an awesome view of the river.All hotels are older so you have to take that into account in the French Quarter but unless you are very picky it is fineI want to mention Sue in valet parking. There are not many people in the hospitality industry that can remain untainted by how the public acts. She is the most friendly lovely person I have ever met in this business. During our last trip a girl lost her cell phone ,Sue searched ,called cab companies and continued to look even calling the mother to let her know she had not found it. That is so far above the call of duty. She greeted us as old friends and was just as lovely and helpful this trip.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AMPHIL01
<Content>Impressive Facility - I will go back.. I stayed at this hotel during 4th of July weekend this year. My girlfriends and I went there to enoy the Essence Festival. I must say overall I was impressed with the hotel and the staff. This hotel was booked to capacity and yet all the staff members were courteous and the service was good. I can't say the service was excellent because there were so many people the hotel had to cater to at one time. My biggest complant was A) the parking which took 1 hr and B) the elevator system. Upon arrival of the thousands of people, it would have been nice to have a HOTEL attendant assist but hey.. I understand why they did not. My friends and I stayed in one room(4 ppl) and we had a great view of the city and the river. This was centrally located to all the hot spots in town and I felt very very safe. I'm sure this facility is even better at 50-75% capacity.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>ColoradoChilidog
<Content>Parking hassle plus! Great location but agree with others..parking is a mess. We arrived at 4:30 PM was told lot was full and we'd have to park at the Sheraton. No compensation/drink/upgrade offered for this hassle. Even though it was close by, at rush hour it took an extra 15 mintues to valet park.ONLY stay here if you get a good rate to balance out the cost of parking.Request River tower...great views of rive and boats.Clean rooms, good beds, smaller in size.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Markmmg
<Content>Nice, but I will not stay here again. The location of the hotel is great. It is easy to get to since it is located on Canal St. and it is located just on the edge of the French Quarter. While the hotel is nice, the rooms are very small for the rate that they charge. I wasn't too impressed with the quality of the rooms either. We found little black hairs on some of the wash cloths and the hotel shampoo was left over from the previous guest. The parking was absolutely horrible. To start with, they charge you $30 to park your car at the hotel and valet is the only option. When we parked, we were told to call down 15 minutes ahead of time to get the car. Well, when we were checking out, they told us that we had to go down to the lobby and wait in line for 30 minutes to give them out parking stub so that they could retrieve our car, which took another 20 minutes. It was a 50 minute ordeal to get our car. The parking area was completely crazy with close to 100 people trying to get their cars. There are just too many other hotels in New Orleans with better rates, better comparable rooms, and trememdously better parking accomodations for me to ever stay here again. I expected much better from a Marriott hotel.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	3	4	

<Author>andrewphelps
<Content>Awesome Location and Staff Great Hotel. Amazing location as a launching point to explore New Orleans. Within walking distance of everything in French Quarter, Financial District, Garden District, and Warehouse District. The staff was excellent, with great suggestions of places to eat. Would stay at this hotel again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mjfulke
<Content>Great centrally located hotel with friendly staff Stayed there to see my hometown NFL team play the Saints. Great service, clean, friendly staff in the bar area made this a great stay. About the right distance from Bourbon street. I would go back there again.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>suzieq50
<Content>A++ experience! I pricelined 2 rooms for our 1 night stay in New Orleans prior to boarding the Carnival Fantasy. This property was wonderful - from start to finish. We were warmly greeted upon our arrival at 10am from the airport. We were able to check in then, and dumped our things and headed right out to see the sights and get our lunch. Encounters with every staff person were warm and friendly. The bell staff guided us to our restaurant picks and gave us further reccomendations. We were able to return to the hotel after our cruise and leave our luggage with the bellmen while we did some last minute sight seeing until it was time to head for the airport.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>spunkster
<Content>Great Hotel Hotel has gone through a renovation and it has turned out to be a great hotel. Its location is close to all the action in the French Quarter. We checked in and got an upper level room with a river view with wrap around windows - very nice. Staff was wonderful. Parking is $30 per night!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bluefog
<Content>Mixed Opinion Our 3 night stay was enjoyable, with the exception of a few items that seem to plague the expensive hotels.CONS:- Parking. We dislike valet parking due to the inconvenience (little access to car, wait time, etc.), not the price. There is no option except valet parking here.- Internet. Excessive fee ($15) and they don't even have wireless access.- Elevators. They claim to be more efficient (touch your floor number outside, then you are assigned an elevator that goes to that floor, no buttons on the inside). But they aren't. As an example: On 3 occasions, we entered our floor number, assuming we'd be assigned to the elevator that was sitting right there at the lobby level, open and ready to go. Instead, we were assigned the elevator that was at the highest floor, which we had to wait for (you can see where the elevators are located when you enter your floor number).- Food options. Over priced and limited selection at breakfast, but the restaurant seemed to be a decent place for dinner.We don't understand why the big hotels will nickel and dime you for parking and internet.PROS:- Comfortable room, although a little small (but that's expected from a downtown hotel in a big city).- Excellent location and friendly staff.Would return to this hotel, but not for the price that we paid.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>pjfarr1
<Content>Weekend in NO We spent two nights at the Marriott New Orleans this past weekend. Hotel location is perfect. Close enough to the action to walk but far enough away from the craziness. Very close to ACME oyster house (a favorite) and the Harrah's casino. Cab fare for 4 was 50$ we thought that was really high. Hotel provided great service...let us check in very early, gave us two rooms on high floors with excellent views of the city. Rooms were small but clean and well equipt. Had some temperature control issues with showers. Liked the elevators and found them to be much quicker than the traditional ones. Lobby is huge with really comfortable seats. Good drink and snack selection. Starbucks in the hotel charges $.60 for refills!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>publius72
<Content>Pubes in the towels The location is excellent, but we found a giant dark red stain on a mattress. Best case it was mold. I don't want to think about what the worst case was.Plus we found pubes in the towels.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	4	3	2	

<Author>JoeytravelerNJ
<Content>Busy Hotel We stayed here for 2 nights as part of an escorted tour group. The hotel location is great, it sits on the edge of the French Quarter and is in walking distance from the French Quarter, Harrahs Casino, Jackson Square, Bourbon St, many shops  restaurants. The street cars are right outside the main entrance. This is a very busy hotel with a large lobby which is often quite loud. They have a large lobby bar in the center, a nice restaurant on the side, some shops in the back, an ATM, two airline check-in kiosks  a concierge desk. The elevator system is different from others, in order to call for one you must enter the floor number you are going to, it will then tell you which elevator to use. It's very efficient. There are 2 wings to the hotel and 2 sets of elevators. Our room was high on the 24th floor with a nice view of the city. It wasn't an overly large room but the queen beds were extremely comfortable with lots of pillows, a big flat screen tv, coffee/tea maker - no room safe. The bathroom was very nice with good quality soap, shampoo, lotion,  conditioner. We were in the opposite wing of the fitness  business center, so I had to go down to the lobby, get to the other set of elevators then go up to the fitness center. The fitness center was minimal at best with some treadmills, step climbers, machines,  free weights. They are housed in two small rooms with nice views of the city. They have a water cooler, towels,  headphones to use for free. There is no locker room, no sauna,  no indoor pool which was all disappointing for a large Marriott hotel not to have. The business center is pretty good with free internet pcs along with business supplies like paper, post-it notes, pens, paper clips, scotch tape  printers. We had the buffet breakfast each morning and the food and staff were wonderful. They had a huge variety of choices at the buffet and the food was very tasty. They prepared eggs any way you asked them to and also made fresh waffles - they were great! The staff at this hotel is extremely accomadating and friendly, they'll go out of their way to help you out and that was a nice surprise for such a large hotel. The staff is definitely the hotels greatest asset.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	-1	5	4	

<Author>travelori
<Content>Great stay! My husband and I stayed here for Voodoo fest, and stayed October 23-27. We normally try to book the older, boutique hotels in the Quarter, but the price Marriott was offering for the Voodoo fest ($125/night) was far better than anything else we could find. Overall, excellent experience with this hotel.Check-in: Quick and easy. We arrived around 9:30PM, and were unpacking in our room within 10 minutes. Signed out a safe deposit box later for our passports, extra cash and other things we didn't want to lose.Room #3915: Somewhat small/cramped, but otherwise nice. Decor is up-to-date; view is opposite the Mississippi and looks out over Canal, all the way to the lake. I think this was the highest floor. Despite that fact, the elevators were pretty quick.Bed: In a word: Luxurious. Incredibly soft, cushy and comfy. After walking around all day at the festival, this bed was heavenly!Bath: Plenty of towels, hot water, and the ammenities are really nice. The lotion had a nice, gingery citrus scent that isn't too feminine or masculine. Just right. Shower head might be a bit low for anybody over 5' 9. I had to crouch a bit to rinse my hair.Housekeeping: Room always done up by the time we arrived back from our daily excursions. No problems here.Wireless Internet: Was a bit disappointed at being charged $15 a day, as so many hotels offer this free nowadays, but whatever. The tech support was the best I've ever experienced through a hotel though. I had some problems with my wireless card accepting the hotel's, and the 1-800 tech line was able to walk me through the steps to enable it. A real live person, no less.Bar: Had a drink at the bar downstairs -- they make a mean dirty martini! Prices were fairly normal for a hotel bar - about $8 each (and they didn't skimp on the alcohol).Would stay here again without hesitation. Only reason I didn't give it the highest rating was because the room is so darn small. Almost too small for two people to get around in comfortably. However, we had no plans to stay in the room for long anyway, so it didn't pose too big an issue for our stay.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SCTraveler864
<Content>First Rate I honestly wasn't expecting much from such a large convention style hotel but I was more than pleasantly surprised. The staff was wonderful from valet to check-in to the concierge lounge. I was particularly struck that in the morning the staff lined up in the lobby to greet customers. Getting used to the dial up elevators didn't take much time and they ended up being very convenient... no long wait or floor after floor stops. The location was excellent right next to Canal Street and the French Quarter. It was a wonderful experience.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HeyTigerlily
<Content>Very Accomodating Hotel       Room  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mickir
<Content>Great Location! Great Hotel! My husband and I spent 4 nights at the Canel Street Marriott in mid-August (a week before Gustav). He was attending a convention. We were originally booked for the Doubletree, but after looking at the reviews on Trip Advisor, we moved over to this hotel. Wow! we were so glad that we did! We got a cheaper rate and a fantastic room. We requested a corned king-size room and were not disappointed. The front desk staff worked to ensure we got exactly what we wanted... a corner room on the 31st floor overlooking the river.... at no added costs!The room was large and very comfortable. Great service overall. The elevators are great! and really quick! Add to this a terrific location and it made our trip very memorable. I was very surprised how friendly and fun New Orleans was. My husband and I are in our early 50s, so we we're really into Bourbon Street, but we enjoyed walking through the French Qtr, going to the casino (Harrah's is really nice!), and eating outstanding food (NOLA was good and Palace Cafe was excellent). I highly recommend New Orleans and the Canel Street Marriott. I know I'm looking forward to going back!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ElaineNY
<Content>Best location for everything My husband and I had a terrific 4 day stay at the Marriott. It is centrally located and accessible to everything, either by foot or streetcar. The rooms are quite small, but clean and well-kept. We arrived very early, about 9 A.M., but were given our room immediately. The restaurant 555 has excellent food. I was quite surprised for a hotel restaurant to have such tasty local food. I had my first oysters there (grilled) and they were so good! The people working at the Marriott couldn't have been more helpful. We arrived in the rain, and they made suggestions for us to get through the day, with wonderful directions. Really nice staff. I definitely will go back to New Orleans. It is a beautiful state with some terrific people. You can't go wrong with the Marriott. While it isn't fancy, you can walk to the river, French Quarter, Bourbon Street, Cafe du Monde (yummy doughnuts), Harrah's, Riverwalk, etc. If you prefer there are 3 streetcar lines that are nearby to continue your tour of the city. We are going back next year!!!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>madhattertx
<Content>The best hotel I have stayed at in New Orleans I can honestly say I will not stay at another hotel when I return to New Orleans other than this one. From the moment I arrived, I was blown away with almost every aspect of the hotel. The valets were courteous to us when they took our rental car and everytime we dealt with them to go out/return. The 555 restaurant was extremely good. They had the best omelet bar and eggs benedict I have ever enjoyed. The breakfast buffet is pricey, but was extremely good. The service was excellent. I admit we did not try them for anything other than breakfast.Check-in: Very professional and customer service oriented. We arrived very early from the airport (10am) and were able to immediately get a very nice room on the 22nd floor. The lobby is very large and relaxing. The artwork was wonderful and the center bar area was very appealing. My only issue would be with the concierge service. Every single time we asked her for assistance, she was on the phone with what seemed like personal calls. uh, huh...ok, I have somebody here...I'll call you right back. She seemed bored with customers and didn't smile really at all. Concierge is a key position for the hotel and I think they could do better. The hotel has elevators that operate by typing in your floor number on a keypad and then being assigned a specific elevator by alphabetical letter. I found this very pleasant because we didn't have to all crowd into the first available elevator and be forced to stop at a variety of floors. Very well done, Marriott.The room: The room had very nice everything...Nice tv, great river view, nice bedding and a nice bathroom. My only issue was with the mattress pads which were slightly uncomfortable and had an overwhelming tendency to slip off the mattress...which also had a tendency to slip off the boxspring. The room was well insulated from noise issues except on our last night (Saturday night/Sunday morning) when we were awakened at 2:20am by drunken 20-somethings (I hope not teens) having a yelling match outside our door in the hallway. We came that close to calling security.Speaking of these 20-somethings...we think we encountered them again the next morning when one of them was yelling at a valet and acting like a fool because their car was left on the driveway instead of being parked in the garage, which was full by the time they returned to the hotel after their evening of stupidity from the night before. Listen...being in your 20s and having your family's money doesn't entitle you to be a jerk and a waste to society. No number of tattoos or an emo haircut is going to make you look cool either. Check-out...well I am still checking on a problem because we had to split the bill, but the desk clerks were professional.A warning...beware of taxi drivers at night in New Orleans because they are hit or miss. We had one who treated us right and didn't overcharge us and we had one who insisted on trying to pick up 2 more people to share our cab because our group of 3 wasn't enough to fill his van cab. Would he have charged us all the same fare for different destinations? We ended up not being able to get other riders (oh, darn) and the cab driver ended up overcharging us by $8 because...and he said it...he missed out on making his usual rate for carrying 5 passengers at all times.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	2	3	

<Author>Peaceloveweeniedogs
<Content>Just Right! My best friend and I stayed at the New Orleans Marriot this weekend. It was great. The location is great you can get on all 3 trolleys within a block of the hotel. The french quarter is on one side of the hotel and Harrah's casino is a block down on the other side. We got our room for $89 through travelzoo though we enjoyed the room enough to pay full price. Though the special said King bed with no view we were given 2 queens with a view of Harrah's, the bridge and the Mississippi. Like other posters we agree the beds were AWESOME! The hotel has it's own parking garage so you just pull in and they park your car and unload your stuff, so easy. When we walked into the hotel two people were set up to direct you to check in. The lobby is very smart. The middle is a big lounge area with a bar at the end. People used that area for many things- some were working or using laptops, some were waiting or relaxing, some were snacking/drinking/talking. As far as our room size, I think the room size was average and the decor very tasteful. We ate the breakfast buffet in the hotel 5fifty5 restaurant. As lovers of breakfast we thougt it was very good but it would be pricey for a whole family. The concierge was nice and helpful and gave us dinner recommendations. We ate at Bourbon House which is just past Acme Oyster. She recommended Acme but the line was long so moved on and ate at Bourbon. The food was good and seafood especially the oysters tasted really fresh. You call the parking garage 5 minutes before you leave and they pull your car and have it waiting for you. And they put a ice cold bottle of water in the cup holder, nice touch. Oh, and the shampoo, etc was citrus and also a nice touch. I like to travel so when planning a getaway first I decide my budget and then the area I want to be in. Then look for hotels with comfy beds and great location. This hotel met all my travel criteria. For me this hotel's beds were equivalent to the Pan Pacific in SanFrancisco (and that says alot)! Happy Travels!!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>daisy20071960
<Content>Great Hotel I just returned from a convention in New Orleans, and stayed at the 555 Canal Street Marriott. The hotel feels fresh and new, great wall art, very hip and crisp feeling decor. The rooms were a bit on the small side for Marriott, but I was lucky to be given a corner room, that seemed larger than the other rooms.One day I was somehow skipped for housekeeping service, but other than that, no complaints. I would stay there again, it is a great location for walking the city and the french quarter (canal street seems to divide the two districts). The hotel food was very good, at a reasonable price. I advise paying a bit more for the concierge lounge access. Breakfast, evening snacks and desserts served until 10PM.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Travel-n-Buppie
<Content>Small but Great After a night of partying or after a walking tour of the french quater, the bed in this place is FANTASTIC. The rooms were small, but well worth it. The hotel is located within walking distance for everything. I recommend this hotel for long stays, short stays, over-night. We stayed in the river tower. We had a view of the mississippi river and Canal Street. Like I said the rooms are small, I wouldn't recomend more that two people to a room.The lobby area was always lively, plus the drinks and the food in the lobby were tasty.Although frowned upon by many reviewers and some people at the hotel, I love the elevaor and the concept that you get on the elevator that is not going to make frequent stops.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>tabbycatman
<Content>Great Lobby This hotel has a great lobby. The service is prompt and friendly and the food as good as in any New Orleans restaurant and reasonally priced, too. The portions are big enough for two. The lobby is a busy place and its bustle adds to its character instead of detracting from it. The front desk service was excellent and the clerk quickly responded to our request to remove an in-room internet charge from our bill. Checkout was quick and efficient. The bell staff will store luggage after checkout if your plans require you to stay at an event after the noon checkout. The elevators were easy to get used to and were fairly quick to arrive after summoned. My only negative comments concern the convention facilities: they lacked close restroom facilities and the hotel dance floor was dirty and sticky in spots, which was unfortunate as we were at a dance event.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>snne
<Content>Great Hotel!! We stayed for one night on July 18th and I hated to leave this hotel! We got a great rate through Priceline-although I wouldn't mind paying regular rate to stay here again. The staff was very attentive-walking up to the registration lines to help guests, offering directions and quickly responding to all requests. The beds were very comfortable! The breakfast buffet was also quite good with lots of items-including eggs benedict! We're looking forward to our next visit to this great hotel!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>airplane2011
<Content>Great Marriott!       This is the River and some of the French Quarter  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>speechcreature
<Content>New Orleans Marriott--a Great Location! The NO Marriott is located on Canal Street, between Decater and Royal (or close to Royal anyhow). I had never been to New Orleans before, so I didn't realize what a great location that really was. I didn't actually pick it--I was placed there after winning a bid on Priceline. Canal, as it turns out, divides Uptown from the French Quarter. It was so convenient for me to just walk out the door and be able to walk down the street to the FQ (Bourbon Street, all the antique shops, great music, dance, restaurants) as well as to go across the street to catch the street car (which took me into the Garden District). Turning left out the door, I was quickly able to get to the end of Canal Street, where you can take a free ferry to Algiers. The hotel was very clean, nice lobby for people watching, and staff was friendly and helpful in terms of helping me ( I was vacationing solo, so they provided excellent travel tips). My room was on the small side, but it was cute, and had a king bed. It was billed as a 4 star, but I'd say it was more of a 3 star type accommodation. I did not eat at the restaurant because there were so many places that had been recommended in the FQ, but they did have one. I also did not use the bar area, but it had tons of seating, and many others were chatting there. While I was there, there was a convention for the National Association for the Deaf, so people were signing all over the place--it was a VERY quiet week. The pool was nice, and it felt good to cool off in the afternoon after sight seeing in 104 humid weather. Because the pool is outdoors, and it is between towers (which block the sun), you only get direct tanning rays for a few hours in the afternoon as far as I could tell, but it was enough to turn me golden brown over the course of my 4 day stay. I would be very disappointed if I returned to the city and Priceline placed me anywhere but there. I'll be keeping my fingers crossed while they do their search that the Marriott NO comes up when I return to NO in the future, which I certainly plan to!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>RabbiWebster
<Content>Pretty Good Experience We stayed here in May '08 during the Conference USA baseball tournament at Tulane University. We wanted to be in the French Quarter but also close to the streetcar line that could take us to Tulane. As it turns out, the streetcar is NOT a good way to get to Tulane's baseball facility. It drops you off far, far from the stadium. We ended up taking the city bus, which, for that particular purpose, was much more convenient.This Marriott is a nice hotel. It's convenient to both the French Quarter and to Harrah's Casino. However, meals and drinks at the hotel are way overpriced; for grub, stick to French Quarter favorites like Johnny's Po'boys and the Napoleon House.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ckdgedmom
<Content>Marriot was fine Booked the hotel through Priceline. Went to NOLA for a 2 night stay with friends...they ended up with the Hilton...we had the better hotel. The rooms were clean, comfortable, and modern. Granite countertops in bathroom, shower curtain was bowed to allow extra room. Overall we felt we got quite a deal for our $69. The bar was fun and lvely and the location was great. Our only complaints were that we paid a lot for parking and then had tro wait over 20 minutes to retrive our car at checkout. There are maore luxurious hotels in NOLA, but for the money (Priceline) this was a deal. We have stayed at both W hotels in New Orleans and the rooms really weren't much better...but it has been a few years since we visited so I can't say that it still holds true...One thing I must say was that we experienced incredibly good service (except for the car parking in the hotel) while we were in New Orleans. Every waitperson, cab driver, shop clerk, and bellman was incredibly nice and helpful. We LOVED our waitress Joann at Desire---she was awesome! Have her make you a Ramos Gin Fizz! Great service at all the restaurants...NOLA is once again a great destination. We look forward to returning...  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>static1
<Content>Just okay We decided to do a long weekend in NOLA on a whim and Pricelined a room at the Marriott on Canal. For the price we got ($70) the place was great. If I had to pay standard rates, I would have been disappointed. First the good:We found the place to be clean, efficient, and the maids seemed to do a great job (we even got up after housekeeping had already come around, found someone and asked if they could just put in towels. They made up the whole room).The location is great, right at the edge of the Quarter on CanalThe view we had was rather nice.Nice poolThe not-so-goodWe could not get any hot water. Luke warm was about the best we could get. Barely tolerable for a shower, useless for a bath. This was at various times during the day.Charge for internet access. At this day and age, I've stayed at crack infested Super 8s that offer free wireless.Small bathroom - I found the bathroom to be rather tight on space and the shower heads to be kind of low.The place isn't bad, but very average.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>nbparents
<Content>Nice Hotel - close to everything Stayed here for a convention. Loved it - close to everything including Bourbon street. Would return in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>J_HenNewYork_NY
<Content>Reasonable and clean hotel A nice enough hotel. I chose it because my conference was there. The rooms were colorful and clean, though a little crowded - 2 queen sized beds in one room is not really necessary!I liked the coffee machine in the room, but there was NO mini-bar.The TV internet service was cheap but terrible - I could NOT access many websites that I wanted, adn those I found were slow to download.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>slybuss
<Content>rooms ok, but smelly conference rooms room was fine, maid awful would leave the shower head towards your face or the faucet facing outside the bath. quite expensive..however gym and pool were nicely maintained and equipped. Acadia room has the strongest get out of here smell Please at that price do something about it!  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	2	5	1	3	

<Author>FloridaStateNole
<Content>Great stay at an affordable price Excellent hotel....clean, with awesome bar. Close to the French Quarter at an extremely reasonable rate. Definitely recommend.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tamstrat
<Content>Overall nice experience My husband and I recently were in NOLA for a business convention and stayed at this Marriott property for 3 days. This hotel is in downtown New Orleans and is within a few blocks of The French Quarter. I liked the fact that it was within walking distance of pretty much everything we wanted to see and do, yet not right on Bourbon Street where all the music and people partying stay.There is shopping and restaurants galore nearby, some high end shops such as Saks Fifth Avenue were a couple of blocks down on Canal Street and of course just a few blocks from The French Quarter, so there is plenty to eat, drink and shop nearby. The location of this hotel was perfect for us.The room we had was nothing special, not bad at all, just nothing to knock you out. Typical Marriott hotel room. We were on the 28th floor and there was a nice view of Canal street, the downtown area and further down, the Mississippi River. The housekeeping staff did a good job of keeping the room clean and well appointed. This is a large hotel, and others on this site have commented about how well the elevators work to serve the towers. Personally we had several bad experiences waiting and waiting and waiting for the elevators. To be fair however, there was a huge convention going on and the lobby was packed night and day, maybe if it weren't so busy there wouldn't be this problem, but it was a bit of a hassle waiting upwards of 10 minutes for an elevator, and I am not exaggerating, that is how long I waited at one point.There is a Starbucks in the lobby and also a restaurant (which we did not eat at). Also, there is a bar in the lobby that was consistently crowded with people attending the convention. You can get sushi and appetizers here. The service at the desk (check in, concierge, bellman, etc) were all very nice and pleasant. The service in the lobby bar was terrible I have to say. Drinks were not refilled and servers were no where to be found. Maybe since Katrina they are having trouble staffing? I don't know, but that was a little annoying. Here are all these people with an open tab at the bar, ready, willing and able to spend MONEY and no one was around to take orders. Kind of not a good business move, but overall everyone else we encountered at this hotel went out of their way to help and make our stay enjoyable.I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay near the French Quarter in NOLA and if I ever return there I'm sure I would stay here again.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>des43055
<Content>Nice Hotel with good service       40th floor corner room  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>peewee39183
<Content>Nice hotel, small rooms Took the wife and kids on a quick weekend getaway and stayed at this hotel. The location is awesome. The room was small but it did still had enough room to fit a baby crib in it. The bathroom was small also. The hotel and room were very clean and very nice.The elevator system is the most efficient one I have ever seen to serve that many floors. The staff was very nice and efficient.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>edleo13
<Content>Very good downtown New Orleans hotel       3609 - Bed  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Brian_NVA
<Content>Functional As others have pointed out, this is kind of a typical downtown highrise hotel, nothing special except the location near the French Quarter. Even though a sign said I was on the Marriott Rewards Elite Floor, the room and hallway decor was pretty unremarkable... older furnishings and somewhat drab decor. Perfectly suitable for a business trip, though, which is why I was staying there.One rather interesting thing... This is the first hotel I have ever stayed in where the elevator buttons are on the outside of the elevator. You push the buttons in the elevator lobby for the desired floor, a display tells you which elevator is going to be yours, and then that elevator comes and takes you to your floor. I wonder how many people did like me and got on the elevator, only to discover there are no floor buttons on the inside! I liked my view from Room 1910... nice partial view of the mighty Mississippi, with a cruise ship, ferries, riverboats, and freighters winding their way up and down the river. The bathroom was small... overall the room and bathroom would have been tight for more than one occupant. As usual for Marriott, the bed and shower head were both nice. Room service was mediocre... it had pretty much cooled off by the time it got to me.One pet peeve... the combination alarm clock and IPOD player is a nice thought, but absolutely indecipherable when it came to setting either the time or the alarm. Front desk was no help with this, either. I needed my kids there.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>keatingfamily
<Content>Nothing Special There is nothing great about this hotel except its location. I don't know if it's always this way, but they even got me with a three day cancellation policy. What generic downtown hotel has a three day cancellation policy?Anyway, if you have to stay on Canal, I think you will find the Sheraton a superior chain hotel and if you're not into points please head to one of the less known hotels with good reviews on this site.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JhonB
<Content>Great Location, Small rooms We took a 5 day weekend in New Orleans. It was our first visit there. The Hotel location was super. The location was a couple of blocks from Bourbon Street, couple of blocks from the River and a couple of blocks from the street car stops. They had a large lobby with no wait at check in. Bell station and Concierge were very helpful. Free paper at the door each morning. We ordered room service one morning. Food was hot and exactly as ordered. The lounge was nice but I did not check out the restaurants. (If you鈥檙e in New Orleans, the hotel is the last place you want to eat as there are sooo many places to get great food) The only drawbacks were the size of the room and they charge for internet. Very small room and very small bathroom. The health club was open 24 hours, but the pool was closed for repairs. I would have no problem staying there again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>ftloos
<Content>Good location Good location to everything. Within a few block to shops, resturants and Harrahs. Hotel staff very accommodating and helpful. Rooms very clean and bed was better than home. The pool was closed for renovations and wasn't warned but gave an option to visit another property pool. Would stay again.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PhysProf
<Content>Another overpriced, tightwad hotel, but OK MINUSES:1. No microwave2. No fridge (you need to ask for it)3. No complementary breakfast4. No free internet, wireless or otherwise! ($15 a day for cable connection)5. Considering the above, hotel is way overpriced. Another typical pricey hotel that offers as little as possible. Meanwhile, your $70 motels offer all of these things....6. $30 a day valet parking! If you don't know how/where to park in the city (it is not free anywhere), you have no choice!PLUSSES:1. Great location, right at the French Quarter, walking distance to many attractions and the Convention Center. This is probably the main reason for the price.2. Chances are, you'll get a nice view from your room3. Small rooms, but very clean, beds are nice, and shower is good4. Friendly and helpful staff -- very rare in a downtown hotel, probably a secondary reason for the price.OVERALL: Travellers accustomed to typical motel amenities, especially breakfast and internet, need to brace themselves. But the hotel is good for a comfortable stay within walking distance of many attractions in this beautiful city.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	4	5	1	

<Author>lhs1
<Content>Just ok Unfortunately there was a convention in town during my stay. Long lines at the elevators, noisy, and overcrouded. Convenient location to the Quarter should you like to walk around. Staff was attentive and pleasant. I booked at this hotel because they were running a special rate whereby they donated $50 to Habitat to Humanity for Katrina victims.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>lagniappe34
<Content>Not Your Typical Genarriott I was so pleased with this Marriott! I have stayed in a number of them. Most of them are terribly generic, but a few stand out and this one did. Again, the hotel was booked during a busy New Orleans weekend, but they were able to get me a room after a terrible experience at a nearby hotel. This hotel complete fit my needs to a T: Great location, decent coffee in the lobby, quiet rooms, comfy beds, good workout facility. The hotel was incredibly busy but I didn't feel crowded at all. It's big enough to accommodate a ridiculous crowd.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BDPHD
<Content>Great Stay--No Problems! Stayed in New Orleans Marriott for a conference that overlapped Mardi Gras. I was a little worried that all the Mardi Gras craziness would affect the hotel's cleanliness, service, etc.--not so. Our room was ready on time and to specifications. Not very big, but I have stayed in smaller rooms. Bed was very comfortable, and housekeeping was attentive and responded to special requests. All the staff was always friendly and helpful.The room itself was nicer than the Sheraton across the street. I would certainly stay here again. It has a great location straddling the French Quarter and CBD. You can take a cab or shuttle from the airport and never need a car. My gripes:* Internet from the room was so costly. I know this is typical of this kind of hotel, but really $10 is excessive.* Bar in the lobby was WAY overpriced.* Food in the hotel was not great--but really folks, it's New Orleans, do not eat in your hotel!!Otherwise, it was a nice stay. Nothing special, but very good. Take the St. Charles Streetcar for a day trip to the Garden District!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Karch72
<Content>Small rooms, but otherwise a positive experience The hotel is ideally situated close to Bourbon St., the Convention Center, Harrahs Casino and the French Market. The rooms are on the very small side (the bathrooms even smaller), but they are clean and nicely decorated.My biggest complaint was the elevators. They use a control system where you enter your floor number and then the system directs you to the elevator you need to use to get to your floor. You're better off taking the stairs if you need to be somewhere fast. I waited 10 minutes just to reach the lobby.Other than the elevators, everything was fine.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oagtravelgal
<Content>Very Happy With hotel Let me preface my remarks with the note that I am a meeting planner and was attending a National Board of Directors meeting of my professional meeting planners organization. I'm sure my profile indicated this status. The hotel was lovely and the service personnel I encountered were very helpful. My only concern was that when I checked in I was given a room on a floor where active construction work putting in new windows was occurring and I had to deal with loud construction workers talking back and forth, the construction refuse bins in the hall and the loud machinery. I went downstairs and requested another room and was immediately moved to a very nice room far away from the construction.. I think the front desk staff should not put people on floors with active construction. I was fascinated by the elevators and there were several big conventions at the hotel at the same time and elevator traffic seemed to move very smoothly.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>LSC06
<Content>Great front desk  some lapses in housekeeping I stayed in this hotel during a convention. The location is good for visiting the French Quarter. Check in at the front desk was very efficient, and when I asked for a room with a view I was given a very nice corner room that looked over the river and the French Quarter. The room had plenty of room, the beds were comfortable, and I especially liked the Bath  Body Works bathroom amenities. Unfortunately I experienced some lapses in housekeeping. First, no coffeee had been left in my room, then grounds were left in the coffee pot, and one of my sheets looked less than clean. (Since I had two beds I slept in the other.) I have heard that NO is very short on workers, so I figured that my housekeeper was probably overworked and underpaid and still left a tip.We found the bellmen extremely helpful and cheerful. In addition to dealing with their regular tasks, they helped guests contend with numerous rainstorms. I almost fell at one point getting in a cab during a rainstorm and the bellman saved me. I am most thankful.One more note. Try to eat at Mr. B's Bistro, which is only a short walk away. The food is fabulous!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	2	5	4	3	

<Author>TTLYTAN
<Content>Overbooking Seems To Be The Rule Of Thumb At This Hotel! Ok, can I just say that this hotel does not seem to understand the importance of locals who come to patronize the hotel; they would rather bump people who have only booked 1 night on New Year's Eve. and PREPAID FULLY months ago, in advance to let Sugar Bowlers stay! Not only did they put us up in a crappy Residence Inn in the Warehouse District where sirens were heard into the wee hours of the morning, but they caused us to miss our dinner reservations we had made months ago!!!After Hurricane Katrina destroyed much of the area you would think that they would want locals, such as myself, to come and stay and spend tons of money; I mean the Hawaiians will probably never get back to New Orleans, but I will and you bet I will NOT stay here.This hotel turned what was supposed to be a great time with my husband and another couple, into what I would call another hurricane Katrina! Thanks Marriott, for NOTHING!!!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	5	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>michelleprincesslee
<Content>Horrible Hotel This Hotel was horrible... we asked for a non smoking room..the first room they put us in smelled of smoke so bad the minute we walked into it we turned around and walked out. The second room they put us in the bathroom was less then clean. Our check in time was so late and we had three kids with us we were just stuck, tired and frustrated. We only spent one night here and were gone the next day. The next morning however at 9am the hotel did fire alarm testing.. you would think they would tell their guests this prior to the testing, but no that is not how THEY do things there. The elevators looked like death traps and I swear moved slower than I could with my 60lb bag going up the stairs. This place was awful.. I would not suggest you stay here at all! I did not take photos because I did not want to remember that I stayed in this pit.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>boyfish
<Content>Horrible One of the most horrible parts about the hotel were the elevators. Whoever thought that giving the elevators a brain was totally wrong. Many time when we were in a rush with our group, we were forced to take the stairs. We waited for 15 minutes for the elevator to arrive because when we punched the numbers into the supposedly smart elevator, it would give us question marks. After waiting for too long and for almost being late for our bus departure, we resorted to walking down 17 floors with our equipment. When we arrived back at the hotel after the sugar bowl, chaos ensued and we were forced to walk up to the 17th floor because we needed to retrieve things from the room that needed to be shipped out. The second part was the service. The service at the Marriott was terrible. We had to ask 3 times for toilet paper. Each time we were met with very rude and short tempered service personnel. We had to resort to using the Kleanex and then borrowing some from a neighboring room before the toilet paper arrived. All in all this hotel has horrible service and I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	1	1	2	

<Author>GeauxTigersLSU
<Content>Awful Service and Reservations Are Useless NEVER NEVER NEVER make reservations at this hotel for New Years Eve/Day or any other big event... ever... reservations are totally useless.We made reservations for two rooms for New Years Eve months and months ago. We arrive at 3:00 pm (which is every hotels normal check-in time) and they say that they've overbooked and are moving us to the Residence Inn in the Warehouse District. Actually, they lied and said they were moving us a few blocks down from where we were and when we got there (after getting lost without the help of the pathetic map they gave us) we realized that it was in the warehouse district. For those of you that are not familiar with New Orleans, this is nowhere near the French Quarter or Arnauds the restaurant where we had reservations (made three months ago). This was after calling at 12:00 pm to ask if any rooms were already cleaned so that we could check-in early and they told us that no rooms were clean and to come later in the day. They didn't even bother telling us that we didn't have rooms there anyway.My husband's best friend was planning on proposing to his girlfriend that night at dinner so this was a VERY bad way to start off our day. Then the front desk manager had the nerve to be rude to us like it was our fault they had overbooked. He should have been understanding about how upset we were but instead he was almost yelling at us. He was very short with us and very unapologetic. I don't think he apologized even once. He kept saying that we had a free room at the Residence Inn and that we should be happy with that. It wasn't about the money. We picked that hotel for the location and we kept telling him we would pay twice the amount we did to stay in that horrible place just for the location. He was really rude and stuck up when he should have been the last person to be like that.So, the lesson to be learned (and the lesson we found out the hard way) is... This was the host hotel for Hawaii's Football team (Sugar Bowl) so they overbooked and we were randomly picked to be moved to another hotel. They host every year so don't think that it won't happen next year. This hotel apparently does not believe in First-Come-First-Serve. Another friend (the brother of the girl who was proposed to at dinner that night) strolled in that same hotel four hours later and checked in with no problems whatsoever. They randomly pick people even if you've had reservations months in advance and you get there before everyone else... AND they're rude about it too.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>jcoltrane
<Content>Cramped Quarters, Nice Location Stayed here for one night on a great Priceline rate ($60). Located right on the edge of the French Quarter, this hotel is an easy walk to any location in the Quarter, the Aquarium, the Casino, Riverwalk, Convention Center and anywhere that the casual visitor is likely to want to visit. The hotel is very recently renovated, with the attractive, contemporary lobby and fast elevators being the newest addition. (I honestly don't understand the confusion some reviewers have with the elevators... They are quite easy to use and insure that you don't have more than one stop on the way to your destination floor.) We were given a room on the 21st floor in the River tower that faced north, affording us a view of the other hotel tower. Not the best view, but at this price I'm not complaining. The room was clean and recently remodeled, with a bed spread that is a bit more garish than anything I would buy, but again... at this price, who's complaining?The room was small. Barely large enough to accommodate the bed, armoire and a small desk. Our pre-requested crib wasn't waiting for us when we checked in, but one was brought up within 20 minutes. Placing it in the room was a challenge. we fit it next to the window, but it was a struggle requiring the relocation of an ottoman and a small table.The staff were helpful and eager to assist with directions and any other issues. The valet parking is a bit overpriced ($30), but the valets were nice and helped loading and unloading bags.All in all it was a nice stay, but the room size could be a problem for anyone who really needs to spread out where they stay. We just viewed it as preparation for the future, as we were embarking on a cruise the next day in a ship's cabin that was even smaller.Very nice location for the traveler not seeking a quaint hotel in the Quarter. Claustrophobically-challenged travelers beware!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>BoatNut2
<Content>If you're claustrophobic I wouldn't recommend it We stayed here for 4 nights. The first thing I would say is that you'd better pack light, since the rooms are SMALL. When I say small, I've stayed in Super 8's that have more room. Oh, did you want to use your computer on the internet? Prepare to shell out $15 a DAY. Again, Super 8's have FREE internet. If you drove a car, prepare to pay $30 a day for parking and then tip the valet to get your car. Now you've just added about $50 per day to your stay. Since the room is so small, you want to go down and have a drink at the bar? A Miller Genuine Draft and a vodka collins will set you back a mere $12.07 (and I didn't even get kissed). Unless you MUST stay here (I was attending a conference at the hotel, so I didn't have a choice) I wouldn't recommend it. For what you pay for the room...errr I mean big closet, the value just isn't there. I travel extensively for my job and stay in hotels an average of 80-90 nights per year and this place sits at the top of the list of Not Good places to stay.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	4	2	3	1	

<Author>samsim_7
<Content>Terrible stay, items stolen, staff unhelpful Terrible stay. The room was nice enough but jewelry was missing from my room after housekeeping had come through. Everyone was pleasant and helpful to my face but no one would return my calls during my stay or after I had left. I would be promised a call that evening, or the next day, and so on and never hear back. Upon complaining to the head of security at checkout, he promised to call me back by the next day. No call! Upon complaining to Marriot Customer Service, HR at the hotel contacted me and made me give them all of the information again. After weeks of phone calls and emails the claims department refused to reimburse me, as it is apparently the guests fault if items are taken from the room! Subsequent calls to both the claims department and Marriott customer service were very rudely met. It has been a horrible experience. I will never stay at a Marriott again!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	2	1	3	

<Author>SpreeBee
<Content>Great Stay The Marriott in NO was a great stay. The location was conveniently located near places such as the casino, Bourbon St and Preservation Hall. Being on the main road, it was very easy to take the cable cars and hail a taxi to the airport. Since it was the off-season, we got a great rate which made the stay worth the cost.The rooms were clean and impressive, but did lack local charm. Since the goal of a trip is to spend more time outside of the room than in, this might not be an issue to most people. The bed was comfortable and the sheets and comforter were soft.The hotel lobby was renovated this summer and was very attractive. Although we never ate at the 4 restaurants in the hotel, they seemed to be priced on par with the rest of the city.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>parkbench28
<Content>There are better deals in NOLA I attended a conference at this hotel. The room rates were outrageous, there was no business support, $15 internet per day plus 190$ a room??? Impersonal service and a subpar restaraunt with no included breakfast. I was also informed at the conference that they couldn't print out an extra schedule from the internet since the hotel wouldn't give the conference internet access even though we paid outrageous amounts to host it there (they also printed signs that they posted all over the hotel, the bar, etc, with the wrong name of our organization)- all of this make no sense in a city that prides itself on service and hospitality.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Copywriter2001
<Content>Great Room, Great View This was a great place to stay for the Voodoo Music Experience. The concert rate was very affordable, and the room was large, clean and had a great view of Cannal Street. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>bigeasyfan
<Content>The Best of the Best Very impressive hotel. I walked in and could not believe I was at a Marriott Hotel, more like a W Hotel or Westin. They recently renovated their lobby which is rich, warm and welcoming. My expecations were far exceeded from the hotel room, restaurant, bar and fitness center. Everyone I encountered had a smile, from driving up to the main entrance, to the bellman, to the front desk. Great service, what you would expect from a Marriott. Location wise, the hotel is located right on the edge of the French Quarter. Close enough to the fun, but not right in the middle of it. I will be back!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PennStater84
<Content>Good experience here! As others have said, this hotel is in a great location, just on the edge of the French Quarter and only a couple blocks in all directions to get to restaurants: House of Blues, a pizza place, an Italian place, seafood places are all along Decatur Str. right around the corner. Bourban St is only 2 blocks away. MANY souvenier shops, clubs, etc all along the areas, as well as more upscale jewelry and art shops a little further into the Fr. Qu.Harrah's Casino, the Riverwalk and the Conv. Center are also only a 15 min. walk away.There is a computer and printer next to the front desk to print off your airline boarding pass for free. Room service was cheaper than NYC or Wash. DC, but the breakfast I ordered from it was nothing special. Comfy beds and plentiful pillows.All staff were pleasant and helpful. This was my first trip to N.O. and I was surprised I didn't hear any southern accents from hotel , shop or restaurant staff!The concierge booked me on a 2-hr Grayline city highlight tour for about $30, and they also have a 3-hr Katrina tour, paddleboat river tours, and others. Mine was a good overview with a great guide for someone on a tight schedule. It was a short 10 minute walk to the Grayline meeting place.The Front Desk is now on the first floor, along with a bar, coffee shop, small gift shop and the elevators were not confusing, just different from the norm.I hope to come back someday and would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BeenThere99
<Content>Good bet for the French Quarter Located on the French Quarter side of Canal Street. Although it was on the border of the Quarter, it was perfect for walking to all the French Quarter sites. The rate was very reasonable for the quality of the hotel. Some bummers included: Confusing elevators, expensive parking ($30/day), costly internet ($15/day), pool closed for repair, advertised day care was not available when we wanted it.The front desk staff, bell hops, restaurant staff, and parking attendants were all very friendly and helpful.The rooms had great linens on the beds. The rooms looked great.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>dolmatt
<Content>Marriott New Orleans-beautiful hotel with excellent location! My group consisted of 4 women under the age of 35, so above all, we wanted a hotel that was safe and close to everything-and the Marriott New Orleans exceeded all of our expectations!! Located on busy Canal st. just two very short blocks to Bourbon, we felt safe stumbling back to the hotel at 4 in the morning after too many Hurricane's at Pat O'Brien's-the streets were well lit and safe. The hotel itself was undergoing construction in the lobby, but it really didn't interfere with our stay. Our room was exceptionally clean, with the most amazing beds any of us have ever slept in-so comfortable! The staff were very accommodating and let us have a later check-out (without charge) since our flight was a little later in the day-very appreciated. Also, this hotel is a typical high-rise, luxury hotel, so if you are expecting to get old style New Orleans accommodations, this is not the hotel to pick, but it was definitely the one for us-and if the rates are good, it will always be the hotel we choose while staying in the beautiful city of New Orleans. As for the city of New Orleans, it was amazing-there is definitely fun to be had by everyone. We enjoyed the nightlife of Bourbon St, but we also enjoyed the ghost and cemetery tours offered-loved them!!! We had an amazing time. The people we met from New Orleans made our short time in the beautiful city a treat that we will cherish forever!! Can't wait to get back next year!!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>GEOFFS3
<Content>Pleased This is definetly your cookie-cuttter downtown hotel. Don't expect New Orleans charm. You could just as well be in any other city. But what will find is Marriott Professionalism and stellar service.Although the rooms are on the small side, they are comfortable are bright.The location is just around the corner from all the Bourbon street activity and other New Orlenans attractions - really a great location.Just to warn you - the hotel is under renovation: lobby, pool, pretty much all public areas. Definetly check with the hotel before you book to see what's been done.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>travelmommy5
<Content>Pleasant Stay We stayed at the Marriot New Orleans for a conference in August 2007. Despite the facility under going renovations in the lobby and check-in being moved to the second floor, we had a pleasant stay. The room was clean and nicely decorated but somewhat small. The bed was very comfortable. The hotel restaurant on the 41st floor offered a wonderful breakfast buffet ($17 for adults and $4 or children). The staff was friendly and provided great feedback and directions for places to visit during our stay. Ideal location for walking to the French Quarters.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>TravelLovers2
<Content>Wont visit again We stayed here during a Thanksgiving weekend and the place was chaotic. The lobby was so full that you could barely walk around. We encountered several people on the elevators drunk and most high and making fools of themselves. The staff of the hotel did not do anything about these people. You had to wear a wrist band to enter the hotel, but it was scarier inside than it was outside the hotel. New Orleans overall was a dissapointment. I would not waste my time going there again. A lot nicer places in the world to visit.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>EQ3282
<Content>Decent Hotel on the mend; Security better to interact with than most staff My GF booked this hotel on Priceline.com (pick your own rate), and we ended up getting the hotel for more than half off on a Saturday and Sunday night stay, which is a great deal! So, the value itself was good for the price we got. But, if we were to have payed the asking price, I am not sure it would have been worth it.We didn't have to deal with parking, as we left our car at a friend's place just outside of the city. But the motor port constantly looked busy, with cars going in and out.Needing a car was not necessary though, as the hotel is basically near just about anything. Its right on the edge of the French Quarter, a couple blocks away from the Riverfront (shopping, the Aquarium, Harrah's, a nice walk/jog locale), and a short train ride from the Superdome and 'downtown' NOLA. Getting a taxi is also not a problem either.The hotel is undergoing renovations (which were not mentioned beforehand). The major part is the lobby is being totally redone, so the bottom floor is basically a construction zone. As others have said, temporary front desks are in an area on the second floor.Check-in seemed to go OK, until we got to our room. The key cards weren't working. After we tried both numerous times, I went back down to get new ones. The gentleman at the desk was accusatory in tone, briskly saying, Do not hold them against credit cards or cell phones. That is why they do not work, when we did neither on the way up to the room. He said if the cards don't work a second time, use the wall phone near the elevators to call security, and they would let us in. I asked what we would do about the cards, and he simply said, We'll figure that out once it happens. Not so much an answer as a bumper.So, again, I trek back upstairs (interjection: the hotel elevators aren't as confusing as they seem or as they are described. You just punch in your floor and it tells you which elevator to take. NBD), and again the cards don't work. I go to the phone, call security, and they send someone up. The guard was very courteous and nice. Checked our IDs which was reassuring, and then tried out keys. Same results for him. He used his master to open the door and it worked fine. He said we could take the room and hope a new set works, or go down and switch rooms. We were meeting people, so we said we'd stick it out for now. He offered to bring us up a new set of keys, but after we told him we were heading out, he said just stop by the front desk, tell them we spoke to him, and they would give us a new set of keys. Asked us if there was anything else he could do, and thanked us for our patience.We stopped by the desk on our way out, got new keys from a different desk attendant (she seemed to care less when we told her the backstory re: security and such), and they finally worked (3rd time's the charm, I guess).Aside from the renovations, the interior of the hotel isn't too bad. Some new points (tiles, wall trim), and some old (carpeting). However, down in the 'lobby' area, it smells very musty and mildewy. Not overpowering, but a faint always-there scent.Our room was decent, albeit pretty typical. It was a bit on the small side, but it could be smaller. Definitely didn't feel cramped, at least. It was very clean, which was good. Even the bathroom was spotless. The bed was very comfortable, and the sheets were very nice. The down mattress topper was nice, but kept sliding around on the bed. The TV offered basic stations, but reception was spotty. The old model TV was a bit disapointing, but we didn't watch much TV anyway.Iron, ironing board, and internet router are avail (not sure if there's an internet charge or not). There's a coffee maker in the room too, with 2 bags decaf, one regular, and two tea bags (English tea and herbal). But, for all of that, there's only 2 sugars, 2 Sweet n Lows, and 2 half-and-half cuplets provided. A bit stingy, but I'm sure we could have gotten more had we called.The bathroom was a bit cramped, but manageable as long as only one person was in there at a time. The toilet wasn't very powerful, and backed-up a couple of times just from toilet paper. We did have to call once for a fix, left, and it was fine when we returned later that night.The AC in the room worked well, but seemed to putter out a bit at night (maybe regulated by the hotel). We set it at 68, and it maintained that during the day. But, at night, it'd get up to 72-73 at times.The windows are far from soundproof. Even on the 28th floor, we still heard motorcycles and bands playing the streets below. I felt bad for light sleepers on the lower floors. But, from the looks of it, they are replacing all the windows to be more soundproof. Might take them a while though.The view from the 28th floor was decent. We didn't have a 'river view' room, so we had a view of the French Quarter and up Canal St. Neither of which were particularly picturesque, but still not a bad sight.The Riverview Restaurant on the 41st floor looked nice, but we didn't eat there. We were going to have breakfast there one morning, but we saw signs that said it didn't open til 11am. Turns out it opens for breakfast much earlier. That's the hotel's fault for failure to inform properly.Instead, we went down to Perks, the coffee shop on the second floor. The menu is wide enough, esp. for coffee drinks. But, the service was very slow/unorganized. Otherwise, it wasn't too bad.Check out, as usual, was fine...just a call down to the front desk. But a final bill was not provided/slid under the door. The only bill was for 'extras', of which there were none during out stay.The hotel was busy while we were there, due to the AFL Championship game (I assume it was in the Superdome). However, never did the hotel feel crowded, which is very good.In all, nothing stands out, but nothing was that bad (aside from most staff interactions/service). So, a neutral rating for this neutral hotel on the brink of being very nice once renovations are completed. But again, due to the lower price we paid, it was a great value, if just for the location.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Parris
<Content>Great Location The hotel has a great location in the French Quarter. We enjoyed walking around town and sight seeing. Our room was small and smelled of smoke. They did offer to give us a different room, but we declined. The bathroom was also small. The view was nice from our room and the restaurant on the 41st floor was nice. (Very slow service). We were not bothered by the construction going on in the hotel. The pool was closed and many floors were under construction. I would stay some where else until the construction is done. The main lobby is under construction so the entrance is a mess. The elevators did cause some problems at times. We waited 10 to 20 min. on several occasions for the elevator. There were many complaints from other guest. I would stay here again in the future when all the construction is done..  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	3	-1	2	

<Author>TheMayfs
<Content>Average Stayed at the Marriott on Canal street for two nights the weekend before July 4th. The parking is valet only. Would not recommend renting a car if your plans don't call for much travel by car. Parking is $30.00 per day plus everytime you want your car be ready to shell out a tip when someone gets it.Hotel restaurant menu prices where a little high especially w/ the quality of the food (was not very good). Hotel bar on weekends closed at 10 p.m. on Friday and 11 p.m. on Saturday. Rooms were very much on the small side and over all clean was not that great. Spots and stains on furniture.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	1	

<Author>cruisermeg
<Content>Pool closed, lobby torn apart and the owners Refuse to notify guests! I was supposed to stay at this hotel on Canal Street for 3 nights at the end of June using a coupon for one of them. Arrived in N.O. La via Amtrak. I was advised to take a taxi to the hotel rather than the bus as, since Katrina, the buses in the area of the train station/arena/Superdome are irregular. There isn't much in the train station, but there is a Subway restaurant, some sort of coffee shop (which may be attached to the Subway), a small gift shop and both Amtrak and Greyhound ticket counters. A few police/sheriff's officers were present, and very polite and helpful in providing taxi info. My cab driver had just gotten his tax the day before. He lost everything in the storm. Very nice man. I can't believe that people in FEMA trailers have to pay rent on the space for the trailer. Don't get me started.Back to the hotel. Cabs to the hotels are a flat $11.00 (which includes a $1.00 fuel surcharge). Canal Street is under repair, as is much of the city, even two years after Katrina. Mostly the sidewalks are being rebuilt. I didn't have a problem with the construction in the city and I came down mainly because NOLa needs support.Upon arrival at the Marriott, I knew things were not going to be so swell. First, there were two uniformed associates outside, a doorman and a bellman. While one opened my door, neither of them got my bags out of the cab, nor did they offer a single female assistance into the hotel. Strike one. Upon entering, the entire lobby is under construction, so you have to lug your stuff up an escalator to the temporary lobby on the second floor. Let me explain. I have no problem with renovations. BUT, this hotel made NO mention of any renovations on their website. I checked and double checked, and called Marriott's Platinum desk and asked them to verify that no mention was made. There was nothing.I checked in. Actually, I was one day early but since the hotel was about 17% occupied, it wasn't a problem. I was given a room in the river tower with a view of the other tower and pool. The pools are closed for repair. Again, I was not informed of this in advance, nor at check-in! The Concierge lounge, access to which I receive due to my frequency of Marriott-branded use, was across the hotel resulting in a trip down the elevator, across the lobby and back up. Oh well.A side note about the elevators. Marriott seems to be adding fancy, high speed elevators to it's large hotels. The first I saw this was at the Marriott Marquis in NYC. You enter your desired floor on the keypad OUTSIDE the elevator. Then, the display returns the number/letter of the car which will take you to your floor. So, make sure you pay attention!Back to the hotel. The room was small with no view. The room was very noisy. I was told that all windows are being replaced with double-paned glass. Honestly, you can hear people whistling at other people on the street. Also, construction on the street starts at about 6:30 AM so forget about sleeping in. Again, I was up early and I don't have a problem with rebuilding. I took a walk through the hotel. Frankly, most of the associates didn't acknowledge anyone's presence. The sole person who convinced me to not leave was one of the security guards. She took it upon herself to escort me to the front desk for a room change. I was informed by several associates and managers that the owners of the hotel (it is my understanding that Marriott owns the people but others own the building) refused to inform guests of the renovations. This is inconceivable, especially given that the rate was $30 more per night than at the JW Marriott across the street and that property is completely renovated!I was upgraded to a two room suite. Actually a standard room with a connecting door into a parlor room. The living space was quite nice. I had two bathrooms, a dining area, couch, wet bar and there is a Murphy bed in the living room so I suppose it would be great for families, or to sell if the place is sold out. Not likely any time soon.The food and service in the concierge lounge wasn't great. OK, the first night, everything was seafood which I don't eat. Others may love it. There were mini crab cakes, shrimp and a big pot of gumbo. Problem is, the fishy smell overpowered the lounge, and the elevator landing outside. Fish shouldn't smell fishy or like garbage. It shouldn't really smell at all. Yuck! Also, for breakfast, the food was OK but there were no English Muffins, minimal pastries and cereals and just not a big selection. It looked nice, whatever there was of it. However, when I went to get butter balls for my toast, a piece of glass about 1 inch square was commingled with the butter and landed on my toast. I had to go into the little kitchen to find someone to show. Her response was, oh Ill take care of it. Not I'm sorry or some other words of concern, just Oh. Needless to say, breakfast that day, and each subsequent day was cafe au lait and beignets at Cafe du Monde. YUM!The restaurant is temporarily located on the 41st floor in what was the fine-dining restaurant pre-Katrina. There are a couple sandwiches, some entrees including fish and steak, and appetizers. But, dessert-wise, they had cheesecake, chocolate cake and ice cream. Come on. I know it's slow, but this is NOLa, can we at least have bread pudding or something yummy? The turkey club was good, albeit served just on run-of-the-mill white bread, not the advertised sourdough. When I saw that on the bar menu the second night, I asked the bartender. She said never in 20 years has it been on sourdough!Prices in the restaurant were reasonable for New Orleans. Typical hotel prices, although room service is around $2.00 per item more than the dining room, plus a 21% service charge and tax. That's a little too much if you ask me.Overall, the city is still almost empty which is a shame. I haven't been here for some 20 years and I don't recall too much. The French Quarter is indecent shape but there are a lot of vacant buildings. Also, while I remember lots of bars, I didn't remember seeing as many of the, hmm, adult-type places as I did this time.In conclusion, New Orleans needs support. It still can be a charming city again and I am sure that new developments (I saw a big TRUMP banner on the cab ride over) will help. y problems weren't with the city. Most of the people I encountered outside of the hotel were very nice. 80% of the people IN the hotel couldn't care less about whether guests are there. I wanted to shout..I came here to support the city, can you at least PRETEND you are glad I am here?? When I went to the desk to hand in my certificate, both the associate and manager told me I had to call in advance and that the certificate (a print out from the Marriott Rewards Platinum page that says PRINT THIS PAGE AND SURRENDER) was no good since it wasn't the certificate. Frankly I still don't know what they were saying, aside from implying that I am an idiot. So, after only 2 nights, I lugged my stuff down the escalator with no help, across the street and checked into the JW a day early. We shall see how THAT goes.I won鈥檛 return to the Marriott and I suggest they get their act together and inform people of the renovations. Out of all the associates I encountered, only two-a female security guard and the aforementioned bartender, were nice.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>ds103n
<Content>Marriott for a conference I am an avid Marriott goer and this hotel happened to be the conference hotel for the CCA convention. I first got a great rate 109 a night and we arrived to a free champaign reception (nice surprise). The hotel is defenelty undergoing repairs but they have done a good job covering it up. Our room was small but nicely decorated and we got a wine and cheese plate with our special rate! I do have to say the new gym is FANTASTIC its full of new equiptment and I enjoyed working out there thoroughly. Over all I wouldnt go back to New Orleans for vacation but the Marriot was well worth the stay. As a note DO NOT eat at Remoulade its gross!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>mgcasvtiany
<Content>Great location Nice hotel right next to the French Quarter on Canal Street. If you have a car you have to valet which is $30 a day, but the price through priceline made up for this. There is some construction going on at the moment, but it didn't affect my stay in any way.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>tomballrn
<Content>Great stay! Clean rooms, great rates, great location, friendly staff.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dgw9
<Content>Liked the New Orleans Marriott My wife and I stayed at the New Orleans Marriott from May 29-31st, 2007. It was our first trip to New Orleans and the ride from the Airport to the hotel was less than encouraging. I'm not talking about hurricane damage--the town is just fairly flat and uninspiring. Since the bus brought us around the back of the Marriott and then around to the front, it was still kind of discouraging. But when we got out and took a good look at the front of the hotel and then the inside, the Marriott did look pretty good. As others have mentioned, the hotel is undergoing renovation--not hurricane-related, I was told. As a result, the lobby is on the second floor, up a set of escalators. The renovations didn't have any effect on our stay except for the fact that we had to go up that escalator to the lobby and walk back to the our set of elevators to the Quarter Tower. Even though the 2nd floor lobby is temporary, it was done well. I can't speak for the restaurants at the hotel, but the breakfast and lunch buffets and snack service for the training classes was very good. The staff was nice, quick and knowledgeable.Housekeeping was in at 1:30 in the afternoon the first day and 11:30 the second day. Good job. Our 33rd floor room was clean and everything looked fine. The mattress was very good with a feather matress topper--very comfortable. Someone else wrote that Marriott changes comforter after every stay. Ours looked very fresh, so I believe it. The elevators and the system they use worked well except for the fact that I was at the hotel with 700 other people attending the same training, so at certain parts of the day there would be 100+ people waiting for the elevators at the same time. The line would clear quickly enough. Most of our elevator rides were very fast with very few stops. There is construction going on Canal Street--it looks like the City is replacing sidewalks all around. The construction started at 6:00 in the morning while we were there and it was easy to hear even on the 33rd floor. The sidewalk in front of the Marriott is done--they were working the other side of Canal, so any hotel in the area would have the same construction noise. There is a small bar on the 41st floor. Very expensive drinks and very few people. A waste of time and money. They have an internet-connected PC near the lobby. We were able to check-in with our airline and print our boarding passes for our return flight. That was free and very easy to navigate. The French Quarter is close by- I'd guess that where Bourbon Street starts at Canal is maybe 500 feet away. The French Quarter was everything they say it is, even though we were not there on the weekend.If you are going to the French Quarter, wear some decent shoes. My wife wore cheap sandals with very smooth soles. The French Quarter has a lot of granite and slate walks and when they are wet they were slippery. I saw a bunch of people slipping here and there. So make sure your sandals and shoes have good traction in case it rains. In closing, this Canal Street Marriott was a worthwhile place to stay while visiting the French Quarter.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>daveb7
<Content>Good location , but some problems Booked 3 rooms three months ago through American Express Travel. Requeted an upper floor with a river view. I also emailed them a week before our arrival asking for a river view again. When we arrived we discovered the lobby and the lobby bar had been moved to the 2nd floor because of construction. You have to go through a maize to navigate through the lower floors. The clerk seemed to be in a fog when we checked in. She gave us 3 rooms on the 11th floor. We unpacked and were getting ready to go out to dinner when I pulled back the curtain to discover our view was of the other tower and a construction site on Canal St. The hotel was not full so I don't understand why our request could not be granted. It was too late to change our rooms at this point. The next morning we went up to the 41st floor for breakfast. We ordered coffee and waited 20 minutes for the waitress to bring it to us. The restaurant was almost empty so it was not because they were busy waiting on other guets. The beds are very comfortable and the location is very good so that is why we stay at the Marriott whenever we visit New Orleans.  Next year I think I will book the Hyatt, Hilton or the Sheraton. They are just as close to the French Quarter and I'll take a chance that their service will be better than what we received last week.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>BuckeyeJamey
<Content>Great Location, be aware of current renovations       Beautiful St Louis Cathedral  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>leaguecitytraveller
<Content>Great - Stayed Here for JazzFest My husband and I stayed at the New Orleans Marriott the last weekend of April for the Jazz Festival. The lobby is beautiful - crystal chandelier, dark wood desks and counters. The people at the check-in counter, bell hop station, and information desk were all friendly and professional. The rooms were clean and the bed linens were modern, clean, colorful. A/C worked great. The bathroom was ok - they need to install hand towel racks by the sink. The only real complaint I have is that there was a little mildew staining in the corner of the bathtub and above the shower head. The location is really great - a few blocks from the French Quarter and the shuttle bus to the Jazz Fest is just a couple of blocks down at the Sheraton. All in all, it was a good stay.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>laurielizard
<Content>Never again My husband was going to a conference at the New Orleans Marriott, so we decided to stay there for the five nights of the conference. My husband booked our rez over the phone w/ the Marriott agent. He gave them the dates and they e-mailed a confirmation. A week or so later, I reviewed the confirmation e-mail and noticed that it was for only the first three nights, not for all five. When we called back, they said they were sold out the final two nights. So in the middle of our stay, we had to change hotels.When we arrived in N.O., we showed the confirmation e-mail to the cab driver to show him where we were staying. There was NO ADDRESS on the confirmation letter, and 3 Marriotts in N.O. So we had to guess which one was ours, causing needless anxiety.When we checked in, they told us there was construction going on between 9 and 5 every day, so we might experience some noise. No one had warned us about that when we booked! The desk person had a solution though: Since the work was being done on rooms between the 7th and 17th floors, she'd put us on the 8th floor. (Huh?)When we pointed out her faulty logic, she put us on the 29th floor. It was the dinkiest bathroom imaginable, with no towel racks for hand towels, and no bathroom fan, so the mirror fogged up after every shower.Outside our room, the hotel temp was kept so cold that one of the workshops my husband attended had to take a break so everyone could go back to their rooms for sweaters and jackets. And Marriott touts itself as a green business!Also during our stay, which was during JazzFest, (a huge tourist draw, when, presumably the hotel was at peak occupancy) the Marriottl closed down the in-hotel Starbucks for remodeling, so we had to cross Canal Street to go to the Sheraton for coffee drinks other than just straight coffee. And BTW, the cafe in the Marriott charges $14 for a bowl of hot cereal! (This isn't room service...this is a cafe.)  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stlroadtraveler
<Content>Great Location and Great Experience I stayed 4 nights at the Marriott for a conference and was pleasantly surprised. I arrived mid morning from the airport and was immediately checked in and able to go to my room. It was nicely furnished and very comfortable. Probably the best hotel bed and mattress I've ever slept on. Although the bathroom was on the small side, it was very clean and well supplied. As previously mentioned by other guests, the new elevator system was different but easy to use. The only problem was the late afternoon, early evening when everyone was trying the access the elevators. It was as if the system was on overload - after waiting 15 mins, I walked down 12 flights of stairs (in heels - ouch!) and encountered many others doing the same. The cafe in the lobby was wonderful and had a great breakfast buffet with an omelet/waffle station and I thought the prices were very reasonable. The drinks in the lobby bar were pricey, but to be expected in the big city. Location is wonderful, everything is a easy walk (Riverwalk, Cafe de Monde, the Cathedral, French Market and Boubon Street). The meeting rooms (good temperature control - not too cold as most are) and food served for the conference were some of the best I've experienced. If I'm ever in New Orleans again I would certainly chose the Marriott.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>joylama
<Content>Okay - wierd elevators Attended a conference in NO and stayed at the hotel. It's a little bit of a walk to the convention center - located on the edge of the French Quarter. If the weather is nice it shouldn't be a problem, but it does get hot and humid down there in the summer.The rooms were fine - standard business Marriott fare. The elevators were strange. You have to go to a central panel and enter the floor you're going to. The panel then tells you which elevator to go stand near. Sounds interesting on paper, but in reality it was sort of stupid - particularly since the hotel didn't have that many floors....  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MR_PHL
<Content>Good hotel - a bit pricey I enjoyed the hotel The new elevators took a bit of getting used to,especially after an evening in the French Quarter. There was a huge convention in town so it was hard to enjoy the amenities and check-in was a bit slow as a result.The location is quite good. Breakfast was pretty good.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>Nash_Andrew
<Content>Excellent Location, Good Facilities Got a $60 per night rate at the Marriott last weekend (March 29 - April 1). The hotel couldn't have a better location: It's situated directly on Canal, two blocks from Bourbon Street and a few blocks from the river, casino, etc. The hotel itself showed no remaining ill effects from Katrina, and indeed everything was in good order. The rooms have been remodeled since the hurricane and featured the new Marriott style furnishings and bathroom fixtures. Revive bedding in place. Bathroom was very small, however, and the shower head was fit only for a midget (even my girlfriend found it too short). Some of the furniture, like the TV stand and desk, were clearly pre-renovation. Overall the room was very clean, comfortable, standard Marriott.Lobby didn't quite seem up to par with the rest of the hotel. I learned that there is a complete renovation of the lobby scheduled for this summer, however, so that should solve the problems there. The design schematics for this upgrade were on display in the lobby and looked very promising.Service was absolutely excellent. Very friendly and helpful all the way around. Everyone seemed genuinely happy to have us at the hotel. My only real complaint would be the $30 per day for parking. All in all, would stay again at the Marriott in a heartbeat, especially once they finish the common area renovations.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Solaryogi
<Content>I enjoyed my stay at the Springhill Suites-Marriott               
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Superdocuk
<Content>Nice Hotel, Shame About the City I stayed in this hotel for four nights whilst attending a convention in New Orleans at the end of March. Overall the hotel met all my needs but my overall opinion is tainted by my major dislike of New Orleans.The Marriott is one of several in the chain to be found in New Orleans. This is the largest and sits on Canal Street. It is therefore very central to all the major attractions although Canal Street itself is lined by fairly tacky, cheap shops apart from a smart shopping mall at the southern end. The hotel is right on the edge of the French Quarter and a couple of blocks away from the riverside. It takes about 15mins to walk to the Convention Centre.Like many Marriotts it has a huge lobby with a cocktail bar in the centre. Check-in was friendly and speedy (and check-out even speedier). I was in the Quarter Tower. The new lift system is kind of funky. You select your floor before entering a lift and the computer system tells you which lift to take; and indeed you cannot change your selection once the lift comes.My room was a standard room with two queen-sized beds. The room itself was small and I would have preferred one bed and more floor space. All the rooms have been recently refurbished. I had a view from the 15th floor over the French Quarter and the Mississippi River. All the rooms seem to have a view. The bathroom was very well stocked with towels and the toiletries were nice. The room and bathroom were kept spotless throughout my stay. There was a coffee maker with adequate supplies including tea bags showing that the Americans don't understand the concept of boiling water being required to make tea properly. There is wired internet access at a daily price.The hotel has two outdoor pools side-by-side on the 5th floor roof surrounded by a sun deck. Neither appeared terribly appealing and colleagues reported the absence of changing rooms for the pool. There is also a fitness room but I did not see it.The bar was typically expensive as most hotel bars tend to be. The staff were decidely unfriendly when I visited and indeed bordered on being rude.There is cafe/restaurant and a gift shop off the lobby - the latter selling essential items. I did not eat in the restaurant as the convention supplied breakfast. The breakfast is an a la carte menu affair.Overall it is a good quality American Marriott and serves business guests well. I did not enjoy New Orleans and cannot see the attraction of it as a holiday destination but if you do, then the Marriott is ideally suited in terms of location but perhaps could do with better leisure facilities for tourists.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>irvine5904
<Content>good time My brother and I stayed at this hotel March 15-19. The hotel is in good shape post Katrina. The staff was friendly, restaurant and bar very nice, rooms apear to have been renovated recently. Prior complaints about the elevators were non-existent for us. Maybe the prior reviewers didn't know how to properly use the elevator system, which prioritizes a particular elevator depending on your floor.Take a cab to the hotel from the airport for $29.00. There is no need for a car. The hotel is a great location. You can walk to Bourbon Street, the river front, trolley car, casino, aquarium, etc.I had never been to New Orleans before. It is one of those places that you should go to at least once in your life. Great restaurants, and Bourbon Street is probably one of the most energizing experiences of my life.We went on several tours and the tour companies will pick you up at your hotel. The swamp tour was awesome in a 50mph air boat. The most eye opening experinece was the Katrina tour. The devastation is 10 times worse than what you have seen on TV. All the tour guides were great through Grayline tours.I would go to New Orleans again and stay at this hotel!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SilverV
<Content>MY VIRGIN NEW ORLEANS TOUR       Jackson Square  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>tdatnd
<Content>Nightmare in NO Hotel management needs to be replaced. Marriott Corp needs to really look at this staff. I booked a large group (106 rooms)The disorganization was a joke. The hotel elevator system is such a mess that people got stuck in them and many gave and climbed the stairs.I would never ever stay here again, it is under staffed, the maids never even cleaned the room - left the dirty coffees, ect.The only bright spot in the whole staff is Tony White the doorman.He should be promoted to GM!Overall- overpriced for what you get.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>takelson
<Content>Quality hotel, courteous staff My wife and I stayed at the Marriott from 2/9 tto 2/12. Our standard room on the 28th floor of the River Tower, facing the city, had a king bed. It was not the largest domestic hotel room we'd ever stayed in, but for a weekend trip it was fine. The furnishings were up to date, as was the bathroom. Everyone in the hotel, from check in to bell staff and housekeeping were friendly and courteous. We had booked through Amex Travel service, and our reservation included an upgraded room and breakfast. However, neither of these were noted in the hotel's reservation system. Our room , although not deluxe was fine anyway, and we really didn't realize it was not until checkout, when we went to tell the desk that breakfasts were billed to out room. They were removed immediately, and without hesitation, with a courteous and plausible explanation that when the reservations are not made through the Marriott system the details of the reservation and any requests, such as bed size, etc. are not transmitted to the hotel.Many Tripadvisor reviewers have commented negatively on the elevator system, and we were nervous about this. You enter the floor you wish to travel to on a keypad. An LCD display then tells you which car (A through G) will take you. If you are sight impaired, pressing a handicap symbol on the keypad causes the car letter to be voiced, and announcements made when the car opens and closes. The system worked very well when we were there, and was in fact quite fast. The staff indicated that when the hotel is completely full, it does struggle to keep up, but I suspect that when a 1300 room hotel is completely full, as I was told it will be next week for Mardi Gras, any hotel will have elevator delays.We only dined in the Cafe du Marche restaurant for breakfast. The buffet included an omelette station, smoked salmon, fine italian meats ( proscutto, salami, etc), bacon and sausage, grits and oatmeal, biscuits and gravy, cereals, bagels, muffins, etc. The quality was good and service attentive and friendly. The location on Canal street is excellent, immediately adjacent to the Quarter, away from the noise of Bourbon ( but only a two minute walk if that's what you're there for.) The streetcar stops right in front of the hotel, and we were only a few minutes walk to the French Market, Cafe du Monde ( beignets, yum). One airport related comment: if you are more than one in your party, don't bother with the airport shuttle. It is $13.00 per person. A cab into the city for 2 is a fixed $29.00 and there is no wait. After paying for the shuttle we wasted an hour waitng for the next one to show up. After repeated gentle reassurances for 45 minutes that the next one was 10 minutes out, I politely but firmly asked for and was given a refund. For an extra 3 dollars we did not have to traipse around from hotel to hotel getting dropped off.New Orleans is ready for the tourist. There is still a lot of rebuilding to do, but most everything you want to do or see is open and good to go, with one or two exceptions. In addition, you'll be able to get a table at the restaurant of your choice without as much difficulty.Laissez les bon temps roulez!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>chipbarfly
<Content>Great Location and Stay I stayed at the Marriott in January for a conference and was extremely happy with my selection. I had never been to New Orleans before so I was unsure as to which was the best location (considering Bourbon Street and Convention Center).With that in mind, it was an ideal location. I could walk easily to all of my locations.When I checked in (following a five hour delay in JFK), I asked for a room on a lower floor due to earlier comments about the elevators. The room was fine, but smaller than I had expected. I went back to the desk and politely asked for another room (I had originally requested a King) - I was given a wonderful room on the 32nd floor with great views of the river and downtown. The staff was very accommodating.The new elevator system worked well, I rarely waited more than a few minutes. Just remember there aren't any buttons on the inside!I ate most of my meals out, however, the food served at the bar was more than adequate and quite tasty.I would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Marge246
<Content>Headquarters Hotel for New Orleans Rebirth The New Orleans Marriott provided us with a safe, comfortable, and friendly home base for a recent convention. The hotel has recovered from the economic setbacks of Katrina nicely, with very high service levels, lovely common areas and nice guest rooms with luxurious beds. The location is central to all French Quarter activities and within walking distance of Bourbon Street and all major restaurants, as well as the wickedly indulgent Royal Street where I dropped a mortgage payment on the most fantastic hat I've ever seen at Le Fleur de Paris.Food and beverage was well-executed and service was snappy, and the staff were gracious and friendly.Book a stay at this nice hotel in this magnificent city and help New Orleans rebuild its economy. The city is open for business and the French Quarter is fresh as a daisy.P.S. One of our friends, who had been to New Orleans in the past, said that since the Hurricane, Bourbon street smells better!P.P.S. We experienced no challenges with the hotel elevators that some previous reviews mentioned - all worked really efficiently and fast!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lynn2
<Content>Great location We stayed at the hotel with our adult daughters, and were happy to help the New Orleans economy. The location was great - a little quieter, close to restaurants and a short walk to Bourbon Street. Our kids felt safe walking back and forth at night because there were a lot of people on the street at night. We didn't feel quite as confident, but didn't have any problems. The hotel does seem to be understaffed, but trying to do their best. The elevator system is ridiculous when the hotel is busy - we saw many people walking up to the 10th floor - with luggage. Allow plenty of time to get down to the lobby in the evening if you have to be somwhere. Options for eating in the hotel are limited and sometimes we were hungry and didn't feel like walking 4 blocks to a restaurant. Room service is listed as 24hrs, but it is not - that was pre-Katrina. Long lines for coffee in the morning. Comfortable beds in small rooms. The concierge got us a reservation one night at a restaurant we chose - Rainbow Grill, very busy and very good. Another night she chose a restaurant for us and made a great show of telling us how lucky we were to get a reservation anywhere and how busy and tired she was - then we got to the restaurant and it was almost empty.Things aren't perfect in New Orleans and it certainly wasn't our most comfortable vacation. But this city needs so much help and still has a lot to offer. We were happy to overlook a few annoyances and enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>uncbones
<Content>Location, location, location!!! Spent New Year's weekend at the Marriott and loved the location. Within easy walking distance to RiverWalk, Canal Place Shops, and French Quarter/Bourbon Street. Decent accomodations with comfortable bed. Bathroom is small and without fan. Most frustrating for me was having to bend down to see my face in the bathroom mirror--I'm a little over 6'1, and could only see my chest when standing. Nice showerhead and toiletries. Avoid the lobby bar--$5.50 for a Mich Ultra. Walk down to Bourbon Street for cheap drinks, Pat O'Brien's $7 Hurricane well worth it! The bank of elevators work fine most of the time, but are overwhelmed with large crowds. You punch in your floor number and it tells you which of the eight elevators to take. On one occasion I ended up going to the 19th floor and then taking the stairs to the 21st. And then went down 21 flights to avoid having to fit in a full elevator going down. But this was a fully-booked weekend with Panthers/Saints game, New Year's eve parties, and Sugar Bowl crowds. Didn't really spend a whole lot of time in the room or exploring the hotel, but again was pleased with proximity to the French Quarter.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>NDOH
<Content>Average Full Service Marriott Rooms are very small, but in good condition. Elevators are a DISASTER! Put in a new computer controlled system that's supposed to cut down on your wait. Forget that idea! Be prepared to wait much longer than you could ever anticipate for an elevator.Also, service staff is slow. Took 45 minutes to get a hair dryer replacement for one that didn't work. This only after we went back down to the front desk, and called twice. Still one of the nicer hotels though in New Orleans. Condition of the hotel is an average full-service Marriott.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	-1	5	4	3	2	4	

<Author>msluvcruzin
<Content>Great Hospitality and Wonderful Stay!               
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>fishy7808
<Content>Worst customer service ever experienced Warning!! Do not expect to receive the level of customer service at this hotel that you may have experienced at other Marriott properties. We travel very frequently and usually seek out Marriott hotels because we are accustomed to excellent facilities and a very professional staff. This is certainly not true at the New Orleans Marriott. Unfortunately we were booked there because of a five-day conference and were not able to leave or we would have vacated shortly after arriving. The front desk manager and her staff were obnoxious, uncaring, and the most unprofessional representatives ever assigned to deal with incoming customers. The Marriott Corporation should review this situation immediately. There are many other hotels in New Orleans who are struggling to survive and need your business. I encourage you to choose another hotel facility until the Marriott Corporation ensures that their staff uphold the Spirit to Serve Our Guests that they tout on their website. As for us, we will never again stay in a Marriott property in the city of New Orleans.Oh yes, and they charge $11.95 daily for Internet access in addition to the high cost of rooms. Fortunately, we did not fall into this trap - charging frequent customers for Internet service when you can access it free at the local Holiday Inn. Bah, humbug!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>lcacsd
<Content>Terrible elevators, nice hotel While the New Orleans Marriott was indeed quite nice for a downtown Marriott - and I stay at many- the elevator situation when I was there for a conference earlier this week was intolerable. I actually walked up 30 floors - no kidding, and after a very long day of conference work - rather than wait in a 30+-minute line that stretched into the lobby. The staff indicated that this elevator gridlock happens often between 5 and 7 pm, or whenever there is any large number of people. Why? Their elevators use a new system where you punch in the floor you want (not just up or down), and the LED indicates which elevator will be coming for you (A through E); then when you get in, there are no buttons to push for your floor, the elevator goes there automatically. Thre are no light or floor indicators at the elevatorbanks on any floor, so you cannot tell where the elevator is, or which one is arriving. The staff told us that when there are many people waiting, and so enter their desired floor repeatedly (you know, like you push the up or down botton just to be sure when you've waited a while) the computer systems becomes confused and overwhelmed and the elevators slow down, stop on every floor, or just can't cope. A 15-minute wait was not unusual for people at our conference trying to get down from their rooms for dinner or meetings. People were often late as a result.Consequently I must caution against staying at this Marriott when you attend a convention or any busy time - or ask for a room on a low floor with no view and expect to walk both up and down. I personaly will never stay there again, although the staff were delightful, the room was lovely albeit somewhat small, and the food very good.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>4	2	2	2	4	4	5	2	

<Author>Black2001GT
<Content>The New Orleans Marriott is Back. The New Orleans Marriott is back in all her charm. This is a very old hotel but she shows her age well. The rooms are refurbished and the beds are very comfortable. The Bathrooms are a bit small. We had a wonderful view of the river from our 36th floor room. By using discount code I24, I received a rate of $99.00 per night, including a lavish breakfast buffet for 2.The Marriott is in a great location, at the foot of Canal Street. Harrah鈥檚 Casino, the ferry and the French Quarter are all within walking distance. My best friend and I were fortunate enough too had planned a visit to New Orleans at the same time and I had tickets to the Monday Night Saints vs Falcons football game so we decided to make a mini vacation out of the entire weekend. Even though we are New Orleans natives we wanted to stay downtown and take in the city like tourists. During the day we visited our family and spent allot of time in the casino and the French Quarter during the night.The Staff were all great as we were not the most accommodating guest. We stayed out pretty late and usually woke up in just enough time to partake in the delicious breakfast buffet, on 2 occasions, we slept right through breakfast. The concierge was knowledgeable when it came to recommending places to grab a late night bite. The exercise room has free weights, treadmills and elliptical machines. The elliptical machines and treadmills have flat screen TV鈥檚 on them so you could watch the news during your workout. There are also complementary headphones as you enter the exercise room.There are residential parts of the city that are still decimated and the New Orleans economy could really use a boost right now. Take some time during your vacation and visit New Orleans. Downtown, the CBD, the Garden District and the French Quarters are pretty much the same as they were pre-Katrina. Don鈥檛 let the media give you the wrong impression of the state of this great city.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>RueStPeter718
<Content>Wonderful return to the Marriott! I visit NO 6-8 times a year and have done so for the better part of my adult life. Many of those visits over the years were spent at the Marriott. In more recent years, however, time was spent with friends who owned a BB.After the tragedy that was (and is) Katrina, I have returned to NO 5 times, re-learning some of the hotel offerings in the Quarter and CBD. By far, the Marriott has been the most enjoyable of these experiences. Clean, comfortable rooms, a great location (out one door and you're on Canal towards the CBD  casino; out another you're in the heart of the Quarter and only a block from ACME--yum), and a friendly, helpful staff.A dear friend of ours who is an NOFD Captain rode Katrina out here with his crew. He has some tales to tell of the fortress she was...and is.True to form, the Marriott on Canal remains a reliable and solid oasis for the weary traveler/reveler.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>bactman
<Content>Good Stay Stayed several times in the hotel following Katrina, and really enjoyed the staff and quality of rooms. The rooms were more than adequate for my needs, the beds were comfy, and this was a solid, good place to stay.Pros:-Beds ..... nice and soft.-Clean rooms-Location just off Bourbon on Canal.Cons:-Elevators weren't always working or were packed full of Dillard U. students.-The business center wasn't always open-Paying a daily rate for internet access-The old, naked guy one morning in the opposite tower. People, listen to me ... make sure your blinds are closed before you go to sleep!! Please wear pants when opening blinds.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>visitor00
<Content>Solid Location is great, rooms are clean with good views. It seemed a bit understaffed (concierge frrequently not available) and the rooms are on the small side. Overall, it was a pleasant stay with minor complaints.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Peromyscus
<Content>Terrific place to stay! I just returned from 5 days in New Orleans and had a terrific stay at this hotel. Our room was very spacious (way larger than I was expecting!) and comfortable and had a wonderful view of the river. The hotel is in a great location - the French Quarter is right outside the door; lots of great stuff within easy walking distance. Pretty much everything in this hotel exceeded my expectations, but I have to mention the staff, because everyone, without exception, went out of their way to be friendly and helpful. This made staying in this hotel such a pleasant experience. I would definitely plan to stay here on future trips to NO.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Historiana
<Content>Wonderful Hotel This is a great place to stay in New Orleans. I have now been here three times for business meetings and they have delivered wonderful service. The rooms have been clean and quiet and provided an excellent place to stay. They do charge a lot for parking and Internet but most hotels like this do. The only negative I must voice is that in these post-Katrina times, the walk back to the hotel at night along Canal Street is a bit scary.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>marriott rooms and service exceeded expectations My date and I stayed just returned from NOLA for jazz fest 2006. What a trip!! We stayed from Thursday through yesterday, 4 nights. Michael, the door guy, is super-friendly, a permanent fixture of this hotel, and a pleasure to see every time down that way. Earl Travis, an ex-cabbie and excellent bellhop who always strives to and did exceed every request we had, was a pleasure to greet each and every visit through the lobby. Whether it be finding us milk or dropping things off at our room on the 33rd floor for us (nice view after they met my earlier request for an upper floor), this guy was the best!!We even needed an air compressor for a painting session and photo shoot of post-Katrina victims and he managed to get one brought up from the service area for our needs for a day. unbelievable....The maids were very willing and quick to provide for extra anything and didn't want us to worry at any cost.Car valets were extremely friendly for a daily removal, un/loading, and use of our vehicle (Ritchie Dupui). The lovely ladies at the inside Starbucks were super fun as well.I sure didn't feel as though we were in a city heavily hurt from Katrina from our surroundings and it was due to the first class service received at every step of the way. In the past, I used to want to stay here only because of the friendliness of Michael every time he has ever grabbed me a cab for jazz fest pasts. I might not stay anywhere else if this is the way all customers are greeted on a daily basis. thanks guys, you made it so good...  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Chuck539
<Content>Just returned from Mardi Gras       Colorful Mardi Gras  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel in the perfect location Good hotel - I would like to return there once New Orleans is up and running again like it was. I had a fabulous time there just before Mardi Gras 2005.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RiverCityLass
<Content>Great location but elevators were a nightmare We just returned from 5 nights at the New Orleans Marriott. All the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful. There are 3 Marriotts in the New Orelans area and two are on Canal Street less than a block apart. Be sure you know which one you are considering. I requested a corner room and it was larger than the standard rooms but was still on the small side. The bathrooms are very small and there is no vanity or sink or dressing area outside of the actual bathroom. For our family of four, this was a real drawback. Also, the steam from the shower or tub made it almost impossible to dry your hair and there was no wall mirror in the actual hotel room itself. I found this to be very inconvenient. The beds were wonderful-double sheeted, duvets rather than a bedspread-very nice. Housekeeping could have been better. The bathroom floor was not cleaned during our stay nor was the carpet vacumed.Our experience witht the breakfast buffet was not good. We found the hot food cold and the buffet line was not kept very well. At $16.00 each, it should have been much better. To be fair, they were extremely busy and appeared to be just overwhelmed. We ordered appetizers from the Lobby bar one evening and they were very good.The worst problem we had was with the elevators. 30 minute waits were not unusal. We missed a bus one evening because we couldn't get an elevator-we finally had to walk down from the 21st floor. It was a problem every day we were there and at all times of the day. It seemed like out of 8 elevators at the most 3 were working in the tower we stayed in.Over all it wasn't a bad stay but the hotel is not quite up to par with other Marriotts we've stayed at. Don't expect a 4 star hotel experience, but it is a solid 3. Would we stay there again-probably. The location is great and the staff seemed eager to please.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bmarcus
<Content>Great hotel at reasonable rate I booked a room for a great rate on Priceline. After staying 5 nights at Hotel Monteleone my party and I went to Cajun country and needed a hotel to stay in New Orleans for one night again before our flight. The Mariott did not disappoint. I was just looking for a clean room but was surprised to find great workout facilities, a nice pool, a vibrant lobby, and a colorfully decorated room. THe elevators are slow and I did only stay there one night. I could see a negative of the hotel being its enormous size. At capacity the hotel probably feels very crowded and the elevators were slow even in our one-night off season stay. The location is good. You are not in the heart of the french quarter but at the edge of it on canal street. Canal street is a busy city street, not a great spot for a hotel entrance, but it's always bustling and as safe as any other big street in an urban center.All in all, after two stays at the Hotel Monteleone, I would consider booking my next stay in New Orleans at the Mariott. It did not disappoint.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sun_Lover
<Content>Great hotel, location, service, hospitality       View of city from Boat Cruise  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>QuarterDano
<Content>Great, but elevators are the SLOWEST EVER. I've stayed at the Marriott New Orleans on several different occasions for the past several years. The hotel rooms just keep getting better and better. The beds are phenomenal! The decorating is cool and modern, rooms very spacious. However, our rooms a/c vent was filthy and hanging out on one corner....not a great first impression. There are signs explaining how renovations are in progress and it should not bother your stay....how wrong they are! We were already awake, thank goodness, at 8:30 a.m. and heard a horrendously loud drill, grinding into the concrete above our room! This went on for at least 15 minutes (maybe longer since we left to go to breakfast). The WORST part of the stay is the elevators....we waited in a very long line for 10-15 minutes several different times for an elevator to arrive! We also saw staff using guest elevators to transport food, audio visual equipment, etc. instead of the freight elevator. Always great customer service, so just grin and bear the renovations!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>giraffebro
<Content>Southern Decadence (Labor Day) at 555 Canal Steet Was thrilled finding a sandwich deal for $99ea here for 3 nights of Labor Day weekend -started at Days Inn then Ramada Bourbon after. The 2 towers made me dizzy but the rooftop pools in between are pure heaven. The room was custom tailored, neat and perfectly appointed, albeit it's an unbeatable location if the lobby's like a hangar. A changed man, nowadays I prefer a boutique inn or continental elegance.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value and Great Location Just got back from New Orleans and wanted to write a review since I've learned so much from this great web site.Hotel lobby is very nice and the morning breakfast is excellent.The Hotel room was recently updated but the quarters were a little cramped. the bed was very comfortable and the AC worked very well.Walking distance to Bourbon Street (3 blocks away), Jackson Square, Riverwalk, Harrah's, Jimmy Buffets and Brennans. It's all there and I would stay there again.Thank you Trip Advisor for this review feature. Reading real reviews from from people and not PR companies is a welcome change.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New Orleans best location We stayed at the New Orleans Marriott June 11-14th. Loved this hotel! Great room (River View) overlooking the Mississippi River. Location is perfect; 3 blocks from Bourbon St, 2 blocks from Harrahs Casino and Riverwalk, and the Garden district and museums are just to the right of Canal St.  You can't go wrong at any restaurant on Bourbon St. They are all great!Also, the entertainment is great, no matter what kind of music you like, you'll find it on Bourbon St. Just keep walking till you find what you like. Guaranteed you'll see plenty of sights on your way. We took the city tour, which helped us get our bearings in this great city, the Swamp (airboat) tour which was great fun and there are Ghost, Voodoo and Vampire tours available. We will return to New Orleans soon and will definitely stay at the Marriott. Weonly wish they had in room safes; they did have safe deposit boxes at the front desk at no charge which was great.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yakuza77
<Content>Boring Boring Boring I stayed here for two nights, last minute, on a whim.If you are looking for a run-of the-mill hotel with the amenities that you are used to, by all means stay here. This could be a Marriott in Anytown, USA. This is New Orleans, get a historic hotel with character!As for the room, cleanliness, service, I have no complaints. Location is lousy, don't stay on Canal; it is all fast food restaurants and shady electronic stores. Also, it is not really the safest street. Stay actually IN the Quarter, it is much more charming!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Traveling Marco
<Content>Stay elsewhere If you are going to spend this much money on a hotel, stay somewhere where they know how to treat guests. Although the location is excellent - only three streets from Bourbon Street - the service is horrible. I checked in to find someone elses socks left in the room by the maids. When the weekend maids clean the rooms they prop open the door to one room and crank the TV so they can hear it up and down the hall as they clean the other rooms with complete disregard for other guests still on the floor. I ordered room service and they cut me off several times to ask will that be all. They finally allowed me to complete my order and then they had to call me back to ask me questions about what I wanted and then still got it wrong!The room was small, but the bed was heaven. The bellmen are constantly in your face with their hands out. The location is really the only thing going for the hotel until they train their staff on customer service.  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel all around Stayed at the New Orleans Marriott 5/20-5/23. I had previously stayed at the Omni Royal Orleans which is also very nice. Marriott had a great location, walking distance to French Quarter, Riverwalk mall and Harrah's casino too. The room was very nice, looked like it had been remodeled. We stayed on the 37th floor and had a great view of the river. I heard almost everyone gets a river view. The hotel was also very quiet. I never heard loud people in the halls or other noises. We booked our hotel through a tour company, Northwest World Vacations and had a bit of a mix-up. The voucher I received was for 3 nights and that is what I had paid for but when I got to the hotel reservations only had me down for 2 nights. I was assured this wouldnt be a problem and they would fix it. 2 days later I went to use my key card to get into the room and it didnt work. I was worried the problem was not resolved but they sent up a secuirity officer who let us back in our room and gave us new keys and everything after that was fine. We did a gray line cemetery tour and a swamp tour with Cajun Encounters, both tour were great! The swamp tour is a must do! If you booked New Orleans Marriott-you wont be disappointed.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well Worth Our Time and Money We have been to New Orleans twice now and loved both times. This time was exceptional as we stayed at the Marriott (on Canal St.) and had a great room (bumped up at no exact cost). The service was great, the food awesome and the people were outstanding.I would hightly recommend this hotel to all especially those that want to party on Bourbon Street and don't want to worry about the walk back to there hotel (2 blocks).The swimming pool, deck area, laundry facility, gym and sauna was also great.We will definately be back.Thank you Marriott Staff!  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>chris1005
<Content>Wonderful Hotel I used to live in NOLA, so this was my first time to travel there as a touist. It was fun to stay in the quarter. This was a nice hotel and I recommend to anyone, however next time I'm there, I'll probably look for a boutique hotel.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for New Orleans! I have been to NO several times, but this was my first stay at Marriott. The location was sooo convenient to the Riverwalk, Harrah's, Bourbon Street, and Jackson Square. Literally in the middle of everything! The lobby to this hotel is gorgeous, and the staff were above and beyond friendly. I requested the River Tower, and they happily accomodated, even volunteering to find us the room with the best view of the river. Upon checkout, we used the Baggage room to store bags while we did more touring, and that was also handled seamlessly. The apparently newly decorated rooms included beds that were really gorgeous with lots of pillows, etc, and were extremely soft (although after 3 nights the cushiness was getting hard on my back!). Are the rooms smaller than 4 stars in other cities? Yep! Are the bathrooms smaller? Yep! Just like almost everything in New Orleans this is an older hotel with smaller rooms, but they do a wonderful job of making things homey, convenient, clean, and pretty. Really, after all, who goes to New Orleans to spend a lot of time in the rooms?? Also, in response to other posters who had bad experiences due to booking through a discount website, I too booked through Priceline, and this was not brought up once during our stay, nor did I feel like I got sub-par treatment due to this.My only complaint with this hotel is that all of the vending machines have Pepsi products ONLY. Yech!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LouisianaHerb
<Content>Great St Patrick's Day Stay Checked in at 3:30 on St. Patrick's Day to a room on the 29th floor with a great view of the river. Priceline rate at about 60% off direct rate. Treated very well from car parker to front desk to bellman to lady who sold me a huge muffin and a very large Starbucks coffee for about $5.50 in the morning. Room was clean, fresh and well-maintained.There was a notice rooms are being redone but we heard no noise. I live in New Orleans and this is a great location. Close to the Quarter, the casino and the convention center. It truly is at a hub of activity. I would stay there again and will recommend it to out of town visitors.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Newly remodeled room Iarrived early in the morning on a Saturday for a conference, found the hotel to be abuzz with people. Lobby area is very cool. As a frequent business traveler I really liked the bar being right in the middle of the lobby. Great spot to relax.They were able to get us checked in right away. The room that Ireceived on the 31st floor had just been renovated, it smelled of drying plaster and wallpaper when I walked in. Hotel services were great. The workout room was a little cramped but the features were fantastic. Only complaint is the hotel restaurant. The breakfast buffet was terribly overpriced (as usual) but was really lackluster.The hotel is about 3 blocks from Bourbon Street, and is within walking distance of the convention center and the river front area. Side street adjacent to the taxi drive is a little questionable (like many in New Orleans) but otherwise the hotel would rank above average for a convention hotel.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rmarrs
<Content>Nice place THe New Orleans Marriott was a very nice place to stay during our recent trip to New Orleans with the Virginia Tech Football team. I was able to view 2 different rooms, including a double double and a suite. The suite was huge with separate living and sleeping rooms, and a full size bar. The double double was nice, but somewhat small, but had wonderful views of the city. The staff (except for the chief bellhop) were very friendly and able to help with just about everything. The hotel is about 3 blocks from Bourbon Street, but is centrally located in the city. About 25 minutes from the airport. I was able to eat at the hotel quite often, but it was a banquet style seating so special arrangements might have been made. The food was delicious either way.Nice place to stay, small regular rooms but huge suites, great location, and friendly service.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TorontoMao
<Content>okay if you booked through a discount website... I stayed at the NO Marriott beginning of March for 5 nights, attending a conference. The location is great (within walking distance to French Quarters, riverfront, Faubourg Marigny, etc) but not noisy at all. However, the room was small (1 king bed and there was very little room left in the room). Ventilation was a problem - the room felt damp even with the AC on full blast. We had to pay close to $10 a day for high speed internet, or, separately if in the lobby, for wireless internet, the connection for which was unreliable at best. Housekeeping was not great either - we found our ice bucket not dumped out or the glasses not cleaned or replaced. There was no water in all of the hotel during one of the days we stayed (for about 6 hours). For the price we paid which was the conference rate (supposedly better than rack rate), we'd expect more.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overpriced Small rooms, in desparate need of a renovation for these rates.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MardiGras05
<Content>Nice Hotel Had a good stay here for the last weekend of Mardi Gras. The front desk staff and other staff members I came in contact with were all friendly and helpful. The location of the hotel is excellent and is especially so during Mardi Gras because it is on the French Quarter side of Canal St., which eliminates the problem of trying to cross Canal St. when the parades are rolling. The hotel restaurant, gift shop, lobby bar and Canal St. bar are really convenient during inclimate weather or when you just don't feel like leaving the hotel. The room was your standard size room and everything was in working order. However, the beds were somewhat strange to sleep on as the mattress had a tendency to slide on the boxspring if you moved too much. I didn't have any problems sleeping on the bed, but I woke up a couple of times with part of the mattress hanging over the boxspring. Overall, I really liked my stay here and would definitely stay here again if the price is reasonable.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>beachygal
<Content>Greatness! My friends and I were able to book a one night stay a week before Mardi Gras. I did not think we would even get double beds. I was so pleasantly surprised that we were able to check in before 3:00pm and still get double beds in a non-smoking room. The room was clean with a great view. The location was unbelievable and close to everything. Definately worth the price!   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor housekeeping This hotel has a good location, and the rooms are quiet and well equipped. But housekeeping leaves a lot to be desired.Upon arriving, I picked up a glass (next to the ice bucket) with one of those paper covers on it, and then proceeded to spill out the remains of somebody's previous drink from it. There was an ice storm on Christmas day, which meant that few staff could get into the hotel by Dec. 26. It took two days to get our room cleaned (Dec. 27), but then the bed was not made properly. Housekeeping staff were just going through the motions on the days they showed up at all.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>super comfortable, wonderfully located, GREAT! i booked this hotel through priceline for an amazing rate, and had a WONDERFUL stay the past several days. (jan 10-13)the only slight problem was upon checkin: had called several times to request and confirm a king size bed in the week leading up to our arrival.. but the room i was given was a double. however, it was switched with no hassle, very quickly  politely,  our new room was also a switch over to the river tower!!bed was amazing -- pillows the most comfortable i've ever slept on, even better than the pillows i sleep on at home. the size of the room was at a minimum, but did not feel too small.room service was delicious, took a whole hour to arrive as opposed to the 30 min. time i was told, but no matter -- the friendliness of the staff who delivered it made up for it!every single staff member i encountered during my stay was polite, efficient, professional, and helpful. each and every one! even the maids. it was such a relief, in contrast to the other hotel experiences i have had in new orleans.we were treated wonderfully here. i would stay at this hotel again in no time. (though, i would STRONGLY reccommend getting it through priceline) don't hesitate to contact me if you have any questions! i will gladly offer any information i can.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - Great Location!! We just returned from a 3 night stay at the Marriott from Jan 7th-10th. We went with 2 other couples and all got a great deal by bidding on Priceline. As previous reviews have stated, the rooms are smaller then other Marriot's, but who spends much time in their room in New Orleans!It has all the necessities, a very comfortable bed and lots of pillows. The location is perfect for going to the French Quarter, Harrah's Casino, shopping and restaurants. I would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ietrvls
<Content>Standard Room, Excellent Buffet The rooms here are slightly above average. Clean, decent size- what you get at all the normal Mariotts. I do highly recommend the Jazz Brunch on the top floor. The food is incredible, music is great and the view is the best in town! Cheers!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cHIRON
<Content>Okay but nothing to remember! The hotel is dated and now showing its age. Refurbishment is urgently needed. the room we had for 3 nights was satisfactory to poor. The room was little on the small side as was the bathroom. Ventilation in the room was very poor and damp and mould were an issue around the window. Not good for asthma sufferers. Apart from this the room was clean. Decoration was typical corporate Marriot style. However the furnishings were showing their age and were worn. Overall a tired hotel room.Service over the stay was erratic, however the Concierge was excellent. The hotel has one big thing going for it ....its location which is ideal for exploring the French Quarter or catching trolley buses to the Garden District. We will avoid this hotel on our next visit to New Orleans!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TNpearl
<Content>Great View of the Mississippi I had a short but sweet stay. The room was a bit smaller than I thought. But it was quite comfortable and the view was beautiful. My friends had a city view across the hall. It was nice too! The room service was great. The bar in the middle of the lobby was good too!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for Business travelers, not for individuals Maybe I'm crazy, but charging $25.00 per night for inconvenient valet parking is a ripoff. If you are a business traveler, you probably won't care because you don't have to pay for it (your company will, however). For average Joe's like me, it's a lot of money. They hold your car hostage and you have to wait an hour in line just to get your own car back. Hotel ammenities were average, rooms were average, pillows gave me a headache, but the view of the river was nice. Most of the staff were friendly.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Treated like Royalty My friends and I recently enjoyed our stay at the New Orleans Marriott.(9/30-10/3/2004) We had secured the reservation thru Priceline but my friend then called and asked about rollaways. The reservation clerk suggested a King size room with 2 rollaways and we were set. Upon arrival, the front desk did not have the information but when advised what we were told gave us 2905 a beautiful king suite with 2 rollaways. It started our jaunt in high fashion. Everyone from the front desk, to the conceirge to the parking valets were helpful and FRIENDLY! The hotel is beautiful and so convenient to the Quarter or to the streetcars. It was a wonderful home base for our adventure!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AmethystTravel
<Content>Good experience at Mariott N.O. Attended a conference here Oct '04. Hotel location is perfect - close to the action but not the noise, and no car needed. Service was good. Food (even convention food) was good. Exercise room, outdoor pool, coin laundry on site - very convenient. I would stay here again.Upon arrival I had one problem with the room, which was immediately and personally resolved by Virginia Cruel, head of Housekeeping. She even sent a goodie basket for the inconvenience and gave me a tour of a sample redecorated room - the whole hotel will be rennovated starting Nov '04 and will be beautiful. I will recommend this hotel to friends and colleagues.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SnugglyC
<Content>Great Location, Friendly Staff We stayed here 09/02/2004 to 09/05/2004 to visit friends in New Orleans. The location is great for seeing the sites, especially the French Quarter, a block away.We had concierge service and the housekeepers cleaned up our room and gave us fresh towels at least twice a day. The room was clean, the almost full size hairdryer was a nice surprise. One of the great amenities that I appreciate is the guest laundry at the Marriott. I used the guest landry facilities and the washers and dryers were clean. There was a change machine available for the machines and for the ourchase of detergent and fabric softener.For some reason, the water in the bathroom would not run cold, which wasn't a major concern. For those guests with concierge privileges, please be aware that the concierge lounge closes at 12:00 noon on Friday and does not reopen until 5:00 p.m. on Sunday. I was disappointed in those hours.I would definitely stay at the NO Marriott on my next trip to New Orleans.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Got for what i paid for..... Stayed there from Sep2- Sep7.. I got from priceline $87.00 per night. It's still expensive for this hotel. The room was really dirty, specially the carpet. It looks like never been cleaned for at least 10 years. Reservation agent is not realiable, we called the day before to confirm that we got kingbed...the reservation agent said no problem and it's confirmed.. we get there ... nope... we got twin bed and they don't really care( bad customer service).. if you need just a place to crash this's a place, but i don't think i will go back there again...  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel, Great French Quarter Location We got this hotel through priceline.com at a great price, although when we arrived they charged us an extra $3 a night for a city tax, which surprised us. Also, parking is about $23 a night, but that is normal these days.The hotel is pretty basic in it's offerings. The rooms are nice and have everything you need - except there's no minibar. A bit on the small side.Be sure to check out the view from the 41st Floor restaurant/bar. It's a great one. The hotel is in a great location close to everything in the French Quarter. We never had to take a taxi anywhere, and we drove to Saint Charles Street, although you could take the streetcar there.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location  Stayed at the NO Marriott July 22-24  had no problems whatsoever. Great location  for $46 on priceline we were delighted. Upon check in (arrived at noon) we were informed of an additional $10 charge for a river view..we declined  were given the river view anyways. The room was clean  comfortable...typical Marriott. No issues re: cleanliness I've read in other posts.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely NOT four stars Last Labor Day, I got this hotel through Priceline which claims it is a four star hotel. Though clean and equipped with everything a businessperson might need, the room seemed crowded with furniture and the decor was bland and outdated. The lobby and elevators were overwhelmed at times by conventioneers. Worse, there was no cold water. The water ran warm and somewhat greasy feeling. After schlepping around NO in 95-degree heat and 100% humidity, I wanted a cold shower. I didn't feel clean the entire weekend and the first thing I did back in Chicago was fill the tub with a cool bubble bath and sit. Nothing about the hotel struck me as luxurious. Expensive, yes. Luxurious, no. I would give this hotel three stars.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>New Orleans Marriott is Average I stayed at the New Orlean Marriott from July 1-July 5th for the Essence Music Festival. Upon arrival, the staff was very friendly and courteous. The lobby was absolutely gorgeous. Once I entered my room, it was a tad on the small side but was comfy. The buffet was very good but pricey. The hotel is one street over from bourbon street so it was easy to hit bourbon street at any time of the night. If you want to stay somewhere elegant, this is not the place. I enjoyed my stay the the hotel but it is just a average hotel. Nothing special or specatular. If you want a comfortable place to stay with all the glitz and glam, this is it.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lee4
<Content>Great Stay! Stayed here for one night on 7/23/04 with a priceline bid of $50.00, plus $24.00 for valet parking. I called a few days before arrival to request a king bed, non smoking room and it was ready upon arrival. The staff are all very friendly, from the front desk clerk to the bellmen and valets (even when they are not helping you). The hotel is busy, but it was always easy to catch an elevator. The location makes it easy to walk to the French Quarter and other locations along Canal Street and the Riverwalk area. With valet parking, you have in and out privileges at no charge, and it was easy to use this service. There is a coffee bar/cafe type place in the lobby that sold breakfast pastries, krispy kreme do-nuts, starbucks coffee, etc. if you do not want to leave the hotel (it's really easy to walk to Cafe du Monde, though!).The room itself was clean and comfortable--the bed was extremely comfortable with lots of pillows. All NO hotel rooms are small, but I thought this one was fine for 2 adults, especially when you are not in the room for long periods of time anyway. The bathroom was also clean and had Neutrogena products and a regular blow dryer, rather than those little, tiny ones that quit soon after you start using them. I'd be happy to stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall, the Marriott was okay with me! We recently stayed at this hotel and had a good experience overall. The hotel is in a great location on the edge of the French Quarter and it's easy to get to everything. Check-in was smooth and easy; the front desk staff was friendly and helpful.After reading many reviews of this hotel, we asked for a room with a view that was on a higher floor. We were placed in the River tower in a corner room with an excellent view. The room was on the smaller size (especially the bathroom which had an oddly low ceiling), however, this is the FQ and space is at a premium. There were three of us in staying in the room and the space was adequate, just a bit smaller than I would like. At first glance, the room is clean but after staying there for a few days, I did notice some areas that needed improvement. The bathtub had been refinished (painted over) and had many scratches. It was also showing signs of slight mildewing. The paint on the doors and trim was dirty and could use some touching up. The blankets and sheets, although clean, could use some replacing due to wear. We also found a pair of shoes under one of the beds (not ours - icky!). On the last night, we decided to get some ice. When we opened the ice bucket, there was a fair amount of water in it even though we hadn't used it during the week we stayed in the room. The bed was very comfortable, we were able to sleep soundly.I did have mixed results with customer service. The first night we checked in there was a problem with the bathtub draining. I called for service and they came quickly and fixed the problem. The same night there was an issue with one of the beds, the comforter smelled, well, not so fresh. I asked if it could be replaced or if they could send up 2 blankets. It took a while, and only 1 blanket was sent up. I called again to ask for another blanket and this time they sent up 2 pillows. I gave up for the night and turned the air conditioning down. The next day I left a note for the maid service and they replaced the comforter. Our last experience with the customer service line happened on our third night. At 2:30 am, a delivery person for room service began knocking on our door (despite the privacy sign on the door). I called customer service to make sure this was not billed to us and to make sure this wouldn't happen again. The woman on the phone (Ethel) said ok and hung up on me! I couldn't believe it so I called back. She said the reason she hung up was that she was surprised as well that this happened. She didn't offer even a simply apology that the hotel had made a mistake.We spoke to the concierge a couple of times and found the woman to be friendly, but not that familiar with the area. She wasn't able to help with anything she didn't have a brochure for (even simple requests on where something was located in the FQ).We drove on this trip and used the valet parking service. It was very convenient and the staff was friendly and helpful (they could help with directions and locations of FQ sites). Please note that parking is expensive, around $23 a night, but it's expensive everywhere in the Quarter.This is a fantastic hotel if you get a great rate through on-line bidding or a good sale. I'm not sure if I would want to pay full price for it. However, we did have a good stay overall and I would stay there again in the future.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the Marroitt my stay at the marriott was july 1-4, 04 I really liked the location and the staff was great considering that I was there during the Essence music festival and it was full to capacity. my only disappointment was that the room was half cleaned and we had to wait for clean towels. other that that i will be back next year the same time same place.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mjdallas
<Content>Loved the New Orleans Marriott The staff was very nice and accomodating. When we checked in we were in a room on the city side and my husband called down to see if we could get moved to a room on the river side. Because several large conventions were in town the Marriott was quite full and the only room they had available was a Studio Suite with a Murphy Bed. We were given that as a choice and we took it. The bed did not have the updated duvet set that the other room had, but the staff changed the bed linen out so that we could have the comforters instead of the old style bedspread. The room had a sitting area, a wet bar with a refrigerator, and our view was spectacular and this more than compensated for having a Murphy Bed. Because my husband is a Platinum Rewards member we have Concierge Lounge privileges. The only pain was that we were not in the same tower as the Lounge so we had to go to the other tower to get to the Lounge. Since we consider the Lounge a bonus and it is open 7 days a week rather than the typical Mon-Fri, we really can't complain about the walk. If I have one complaint, it was the attitude of the the staff in the Concierge Lounge. Instead of being friendly and welcoming like the staff in the other parts of the hotel, it was as if being there was a pain. They were not friendly at all. Since the people using the Lounge are Marriott's Platinum members as well as those people who are paying extra to be on the Concierge Level, I feel that the staff there could have been more welcoming. Also, they did not keep the trays filled and ran out of hor'd'eurves before the end of the time for them (they are supposed to serve from 5:00 - 7:30 and they would run out by 6:00 or 6:30) and the desserts ran out way before the end of the time for them (they are supposed to serve dessert from 8-10 and they would run out by 9 or 9:30). One night it was pouring down rain so we decided to eat at the Riverside Restaurant up at the top of the Marriott. The food was extremely good. When we are in New Orleans we like to eat at the local restaurants and not the hotel restaurants, but this restaurant is quite nice and also has a wonderful view of the city. I would definitely eat there again.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great!!!!!!!! Stayed here our second night in New Orleans, staff was amazing. The nicest staff I've ever met at any chain hotel. Our first night in New Orleans was miserable, so this was a God send and restored our trip to New Orleans. The staff allowed us to valet park our car early that morning so we could sight see before we checked in and not worry about our car. They also let us check our luggage so they didn't sit in the hot car all day also. Location was wonderful, close enough to walk, but far enough away from the noise at night. Everything was great about this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could have been cleaner We stayed at the New Orleans Marriot over Memorial Day Weekend and had a great time. The location is excellent and the hotel is beautiful. Our room was small but nicely appointed. The bed was the most comfortable hotel bed I have ever slept in. The pool was indeed cold, even after a day of walking around in the sweltering Louisiana sun. My only complaint was that the room could have been cleaner. The tub had a ring and the sink had some sort of black gunk around the edges. Maid service was not very quick either. We left our room at 10:00 a.m. one morning and the maids had still not been by upon our return at 3:30 p.m. The front door staff was very helpful, assisting me more than once with my stroller, carseat, and ten-month-old. All in all, I would stay at the New Orleans Marriot again.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow have given a lower rating but they do not have a negitive I stayed here during Christmas 2003 and I just found this site. so I can let people how nightmarish this place is. First there was no hot water for the 12 days I stayed there. The room was not cleaned properly each day, for example sheets with dirty shoe prints or what looked like blood stains was placed on the bed. The room was never dusted once while I was there. Requested turn down service, but it was never provided. They also would not leave towels, soap, shampoo or other items at times, and when they did correct their mistake and bring some later, they would take it away the next day, forcing me to call a very uniformed and poorly trained desk staff. Security was a huge joke, since someone was using a master key card to enter my room and go through my luggage. When this was brough to attention of secuirty they did an audit of cards used on the door and then after they found that the master key card was used they refused to speak with me about it. I found out due to taking the report and reading before they ripped it from my hands. Also I aquired a saftey deposit box at the front desk, but the desk staff never asked for ID after I signed for it first time. No matter who it was, they just handed it over to be opened up and the security guards themselves just stood around and talked, I never saw them leave the lobby area where the stood, unless it was to talk to the young woman in the gift shop, who was more interested in going to parties that working and closed whenever she felt like it and no according to store hours, even during the Holiday season. The Lobby Cafe Cafe Mondue (I believe I spelled it properly) was a waste of time. One night I came down and was the only customer in the place about 8:30 pm, took them 30 minutes to take my order and another 30 minutes to deliver cold food. Had I not been too tired to walk out I would have gone else where. Also, in the mornings for breakfast they would bring the bill before you came back with your first plate of food from the bar and then you could never get them to even refill your water glass, let alone your juice or coffee cup. And as for the joke of management, during the entire stay after all of my calls and complaints in person to the desk, I spoke with a manager twice and that was on the day before I was suppose to leave. Until the 25th (Thursday) of December no one offered to change my room or fix anything, and then on Friday the 26th (I left on Saturday the 27th) the manage called and told me I was lying about everything. I asked to speak to him in person and the coward sent the worthless security supervisor instead. The manager said he would be ther Saturday morning when I checked out to refund 2 days worth of stay for the problems and then not only did her refuse to show up after he was called about why he did not show up in the first place, but they also refused to close my account, even though there were not longer any chanrges and no outstanding charges since everything was paid in cash. Also Grayline Tours who works inside the hotel and dress like the desk staff is worthless. The young woman who was there most of the time, was too busy filing her nails to help me, when asked in person for help she handed my a brouchure and turned her back on me and on the telphone I was told to call places myself instead of asking them for information. The samething happened when a young man was there but he did not file his nails. Also the washers for guest use did not work and they kept taking my money, when the front desk was informed they said they would refund the money lost after I figured how much was lost and how much should have went for the washing and drying of clothes. I lost $54.oo to their machines and when I went to the desk, they acted like they did not know anything about it, even though I had called not 10 minutes before. And the front desk will quote you various prices for the same services like having the telephone turned on, even though it was held by a credit card. And the worst part of all of this was Marriott Corporate Headquaters, they did nothing about it and I ended up recieveing two letters from the guest manager at the hotel that said they asked but could never find anything wrong. If you go New Orleans is a fantastic city, with some of the greatest people and locations a person could ever ask for, but in my opinion it would be better to either live on the street or ina rowbow on the river than stay at the Marriott on 555 Canal Street. I cannot speak for the JW Marriott on Canal Street, but the one at 555 Canal should be torn down and put up a real hotel under a different company because Marriott will never recieve any biusiness from myself or my company ever again. I may be a small firm, but I make sure and tell everyone I do business with about what happened. And unlike Marriott I am not lying about anything during those 12 days in Hell.  
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better Than Expected I stayed here for a convention in April and was pleasantly surprised. The service was great and it was well run for a hotel of its size. I was given access to the Concierge Lounge which had a great breakfast each morning and decent appetizers in the afternoon. The staff in the lounge was very friendly. Rooms were pretty updated. Also, the hotel is in a great location. Adjacent to the French Quarter and walking distance to some great restaurants, shopping and Harrah's.  
<Date>May 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IslandRob
<Content>Typical Marriott Stayed here on a four day business trip in mid April. Marriott hotels are usually nice and this hotel certainly fits that discription. The rooms are typical size and clean, but nothing special. Most rooms have a view of surrounding area including the French Quarter. The staff was friendly at all times. The location is great. Hotel is close to French Quarter, convention center, shopping, and many fine restaurants. If you can get a good rate, the Marriott is a fine choice for a visit to New Orleans, especially if you want to be close to the French Quarter.  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Naupaka
<Content>Didn't care for it, wish I stayed somewhere else. The hotel and its facilities were nice enough and the hotel has a nice central location. However, for a major hotel chain and the price I paid, I expected much better service. The front desk staff was super lame, for starters. They couldn't get my name right and then could not figure out what I had requested on my reservation. People were passing me by like crazy. As the week went on, other staffers (like the business center) kept giving me or my colleagues the wrong bills for services, even as we stood there in front of them with IDs saying, No, this is ME.One of my friends stayed at the Renaissance Arts hotel for just $89/night including breakfast, and had us all over for coffee  cookies one night. The staff there all were very sharp, and his room was just incredible. If I go to NOLA again, I won't stay at the Marriott!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bikingranny
<Content>Loved The New Orleans Marriott We stayed at the New Orleans Marriott which we got for a great price through Priceline. Was very happy with the hotel, people were nice, the location was excellent. So close to the river front, the casino (where we enjoyed their excellent breakfast buffet many mornings) and also Bourbon Street and everything else in the French Quarter. We rented bikes right across from the hotel for a day and had a wonderful time touring on those. Went on a swamp tour which was very informative and fun. The Garden District was interesting too. Went on the trolley all the way on St. Charles, the houses were beautiful.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would Definitely Stay There Again The room was beautiful and spotless. Housekeeping service was regular with no shortage of clean towels and linens. I was very impressed with the staff - everyone was incredibly friendly, helpful, and professional - from the front desk to the doorman to room service. Needed a late check out, and it was not a problem at all. Had none of the hidden fees you sometimes hear about at New Orleans hotels. I had already reccommended the Marriott to several friends before I'd even checked out. Great location on Canal just 2 blocks from Bourbon St., close to French Quarter and Central Business District - great for business or leisure traveller. They are one of the 4-star hotels affiliated with Priceline, so you can get a great deal as well.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>People friendly service poor This was not one of marriotts better places. While everyone is very polite and friendly, the service was very disappointing.....I am a silver Marriott guest and have stayed at many Marriots but the service here wasn't even close to other Marriotts. I find it annoying to pay for extras and then not receive them unless I asked...was given a room the size of a closet had to request the next morning the room I reserved. They had one available the day we checked in but I think they thought we wouldnt remember reserving a suite? Waited 30 minutes and 4 phone calls to front desk for the bell boy to help with our bags, finally we moved ourselves. I had to ask about our free breakfasts and where do we go? and had to ask twice and waited two days for champagne that was to come with our room. (They said they delivered to a different room) Oh and turn down service was a jump ball - two nights we got it and two nights we didn't?.......the bathrooms were not clean at all, ugh this hotel felt dirty, I understand its old and in need of updating, but there is a difference between old and clean and old and dirty! Good thing is that the breakfast buffet is wonderful and you are allowed to smoke in the lobby bar. Location is ideal to shopping, riverwalk, trolley, casino, Bourbon St. go over to the ritz cigar bar - very nice. Emerils Delmonico great! Boutique feel dining!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Eat, drink and.........Who's Mary? Well, where do I begin?? Hotel was great. I read some poor reviews on this site and was prepared for my room not being cleaned, but this was not the case.... Eventually it was cleaned and all was good for sleeping. This was my first trip to N'awlins and let me tell you.....To-go cups are the best!!! My sister-in law and I had a great time. We booked on Priceline and got a great deal and was not treated poorly for it at this 5 star hotel. (I have read that some hotels dont treat expedia/priceline peeps very nicely) The Hotel staff was very nice. I would only suggest that you ask for a river view if available. Our room had a lovely view of the top of the buildings in part of the French Quarter.... River would have been nicer. The pool was warm, but we didnt go in it. I just had to check since I read it was ice cold on a previous review. The French quarter is definetly within walking distance....and Bourbon street is CRAZY......but Oh so much fun..... I highly recomend a Hurricaine or three and a few Hand Grenades. NO JELLO SHOTS!!! Gray line has the best tours, but check out La Fayette Cemetary on your own. The Garden district tour is cool, but very long and then very brief in the cemetary. (the main reason we went) All and all, Excellent trip, great (but strange) people and dont forget the food.... Take time to eat at the smaller places...... Food is great there!!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! We stayed at this hotel the weekend of March 13. The staff was friendly and helpful. The hotel was clean and very conveniently located. It is on Canal about halfway between Bourbon and The River. Our room was very clean and nicely furnished. The online pics are very accurate. We had a view of Canal Street. I would suggest that you get a higher room in the River Tower and request the type of view that you would like - Canal St. or the river. If there are no rooms in the River Tower, then request a room with a Canal St. view in the other tower. The restaurant in the lobby has an excellent brunch. We at there twice! We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HolidayVacationer
<Content>Great Place to Stay Spent five nights here...wonderful hotel...asked for a view and was placed on the 39th floor overlooking the Mighty Mississippi...watching the traffic (and sunrise from the West...go figure) made this a VERY memorable stay. Recommend the Palace Restaurant next door for great food and Mother's a few blocks away for a true dining experience.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FABULOUS My friends and I went to New Orleans on February 12th (which was just as Mardi Gras was starting). We had reservations at another hotel up until the day before we left. I was worried about the hotel because of a review I had read on this site. I had been checking rates, but since it was also Valentine's Weekend, the hotels were outrageous. I decided I'd go on Priceline and try to get a hotel in the French Quarter. To my surprise, I got the Marriott right on Canal Street. It was absolutely fantastic. Walk right outside the door to the parades, right down the street to the casino, down the other way to Bourbon Street, to the street car, to the Ferry. I could not have been happier with this hotel. The wonderful lobby bar was an excellent place to hang out while waiting on another parade. Got it for a steal on priceline.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice, acceptable lodging The hotel staff was gracious and professional. The room was clean, and the 24 hour room service was great. My only problem was the parking cost. It was $25.00 per day, a bit high for several days stay. I must say the the valet parkers were very efficient and polite. The location is excellent. It is in the heart of the city, Harrahs Casino AND the French Quarter (Bourbon Street) were only two blocks away. I would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Antarctica When we arrived the staff seemed friendly and check-in went with out a hitch, however when we arrived at the room we discovered that it had not been cleaned. There was an open bottle of shampoo, and the glasses in the bathroom had been used. Basically the bathroom had not been cleaned. Later in the stay we decided to visit the pool. A word of Advise, DONT BOTHER. The pool even in the middle of August is 65 or 70 degrees as it is situated between two towers, one to the east and the other to the west. This assures that the pool gets no sunlight except during the middle of the day. Otherwise the location, restaurant, and atmosphere was fine.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wendyreed68
<Content>Bittersweet Stay Booked hotel for 2 days on expedia.com. Arrived around 7 p.m. first night and two double beds weren't ready. Waited about 20 minutes and a room became available. Next day, stayed gone all day to find when we returned the room hadn't been cleaned. Called down three times to have someone come clean room (going on 8:30 p.m.). Finally the second and third call prompted them to offer me $50 off the first night's stay and the second night free. I got the names of the individuals who promised me that. Room was eventually cleaned while we were in there. Next day got a bill for $50 off parking. Parking was never an issue. Went down to front desk and the rather femine male hotel worker told me there was no way he could give me any discount because i had booked it on expedia. I told him I had already discussed that with the people who gave me the deals (i had there names written down). He still disagreed with me. I had to send my child away from the desk because I was getting furious with him. So I asked for the manager. Although i never saw one, he attempted to refund my money for the free night and credited my account $50 for the first night. I told him i was due tax also, and he found the full amount in his petty cash box. He was very irritating and had I have not went practically postal in front of arriving guest, I think I would have walked away unhappy. This hotel has always been very accomodating, and it was a great disappointment to experience this in a town that's so much fun! I advise anyone to stay at the Astor Crowne Plaza. They are wonderful and there's a hot tub on the roof!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

