<Author>tjj21
<Content>Nice Hotel Just Double Check Receipts We charged our room but paid for parking in cash. Front desk gave us a receipt that we paid in cash. After arriving home we saw our charge card was billed for parking. Wonder who put that $20.00 in their pocket? Unfortunately somewhere along the trip home the reciept saying we paid cash for parking was misplaced. Other than that the hotel was very nice  other services were great. The rooms were beautiful.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	1	5	-1	

<Author>serie23
<Content>Excellent location- great hotel This hotel is in an excellent location on a quiet side of New Orleans. Only a 10 min walk to the French Quarter. Easy walking distance from the RiverWalk, Casino, Aquarium, Canal Street. We stayed there for 4 days and walked everywhere. They offer a light meal on late afternoons with beer and wine and that was nice. Nothing gourmet, but fruits and salad was fresh and the children enjoyed it. Our schedule was busy and we could only enjoy this meal once but is nice to have it. The place was clean and breakfast was the usual (although they ran out of coffe almost every morning and had to wait for new brewed pot), fresh fruit also with breakfast was nice (not the fruitfrom a jar) and the staff was very nice and helpful.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>luvtotravel008
<Content>great place We stayed at the Homewood Suites in February after Mardi Gras was over. The hotel was in a great location, we were able to walk to the busy area of the French Quarter. The hotel is in a quieter location. One night we went down to Frenchman street and it was easy to get a cab back to the hotel. The staff at the hotel were excellent. Everyone was very pleasant. Checking in was easy and they let us know that parking on the street was available on the weekends, saving us the parking fee. The rooms were very clean and breakfast was included,although th breakfast is somewhat simple it met our needs.I can not say anything negative about this hotelI plan on visiting New Orleans again and will not hesitate to stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>WATrvlr
<Content>Stay here if you hate yourself Fleeing a hurricane, we made a last minute reservation based on this hotel being rated #1 on Tripadvisor. I read all the other reviews which gave me high expectations but this hotel didn鈥檛 even come close. The original reservation was for two nights but we ended up staying eight nights until we could go home. Had we known it would be such a long stay we would have checked out much earlier to find a better hotel.Here are the pros:1. The beds and pillows are comfortable2. There is a kitchen in every room3. The director of sales is really helpful and friendlyThe cons:1. The A/C compressor makes an awful rattling/buzzing noise every time it runs. Asked to have it looked at three times, no change. Not even a single apology from staff.2. The refrigerator compressor is very loud, too.3. Parking is off-site on a wide open surface lot. Walk out the front doors, around the corner, and down and across the street. If you come back at night and that lot is full, the front desk will tell you there's another lot over there someplace but can't give any more specifics. If you come and go during the weekdays the lot is overflowing with cars double and triple parked. You have to leave your keys with an attendant and then go back to retrieve your keys from him at 6pm. (We left our car parked and walked or took public transportation most of the time so we didn't have to turn our keys over.)4. The closest decent restaurants are four or five blocks away. Not a big deal because the walk is well lit and seemed relatively secure.5. The front desk staff is not friendly and doesn鈥檛 care very much about the guests. If there wasn鈥檛 another guest in front of me then I always felt like I was disturbing them from surfing the internet or playing computer games or whatever they were doing so intently on their screens. 6. The first time we extended our stay (I think after the first night) the agent assured me that it was taken care of and our keys would work. The next morning the housekeeper asked what time we鈥檇 be checking out. I stopped at the front desk and, naturally, the stay hadn鈥檛 been extended and the staff was terribly inconvenienced by me.7. The second time I extended the stay (I鈥檓 a glutton for punishment by this point) the agent said there was a note on her computer saying not to extend the reservation. She couldn鈥檛 figure out why the note was there, verified space was available, and extended it. 8. Breakfast was disappointing every day. We tended to go down later in the morning so I鈥檓 not sure if it鈥檚 any better early on. They were always out of something, whether it was plates, bowls, fresh fruit, utensils, cereal鈥?always something missing. I鈥檓 no expert but I bet the health department would have an issue with the temperatures maintained on the hot and cold items. Thank God for the waffle maker, we used it every day! Oh, I almost forgot the fruit flies flying around the inside of the bread box. Ick. 9. The pool and hot tub temperatures are both very good but the chemicals are not properly balanced. I sat in the hot tub for a few minutes before the fumes burned my eyes too bad and I had to get out. The pool water changed my swim trunks to a new color.10. The A/C in the lobby broke down at one point during our stay, they posted signs to let guests know. No big deal, I completely understand that those things happen. However, I think they turn the A/C off in all the public areas and the corridors during the evening hours and weekends when fewer people are around. I guess they鈥檙e trying to save a few dollars but it鈥檚 a huge turn-off for anyone in the lobby, business center, gym, etc.11. Both towel racks in our bathroom were about to fall off the wall. How could somebody not notice something so obvious and fix it?12. Nobody (except the awesome director of sales) says 鈥渉ello鈥?or 鈥済ood morning鈥?or anything else. Even the GM doesn鈥檛 seem to like to talk to guests. Out of four times passing by him he only made verbal contact once. Lame. 13. We stopped by the evening reception every time it happened but always ended up leaving to find dinner on our own. The white wine is room temperature and the red wine is empty. The individually wrapped crackers are somehow stale. The evening food has the same temperature and quantity issues as the breakfast.I don鈥檛 know why it was such a bad experience. Maybe the stars aligned to make it so. If there had just been one or two problems I would be writing a very different review right now. Find someplace else to stay in the Big Easy鈥?there are many other options!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>StLMomma
<Content>Great location  My usual favorite hotel was bumped from our corporate travel website, so I searched TripAdvisor for a potential new favorite. All the good reviews about the Homewood Suites compelled me to give the hotel a try. I was well pleased - the accommodations were clean and in great shape. The room was spacious and comfortable. The staff was very warm and friendly. Don't expect to be wowed by the breakfast or evening meal - they're the weak point here. But with all the great food in NOLA, it's no problem. If the hotel would just upgrade the coffee a notch, that would be fantastic!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>sandralh58
<Content>Great Hotel and Service I have nothing but good things to say about Homewood Suites, NO. Lucy at the front desk was absolutely fabulous- she upgraded our rooms at no cost after we starting talking with her when we checked in. We traveled to New Orleans, San Antonio, and Hot Springs this summer, and this hotel was the best we stayed at. The room was great, and it was super clean. There is still rebuilding to be done in New Orleans, but we enjoyed the experience overall because we had great food ( Redfish- on Bourbon St.) and toured the Garden district and really enjoyed the culture there. I think they really need the tourism, so everyone was great to us.This hotel was within walking distance of several areas, so there was no need to get in our car. When we did walk, we walked along the well- lit hotel route and felt very safe. I don't think you can go wrong with this hotel- the price was very reasonable also.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gbuffum
<Content>Excellent staff and nice accommodations The hotel stay at Homewood Suites was excellent. The breakfast/dinner buffet was terrific. Free beer and wine during dinner really topped off the stay in NO.The suites were well maintained with great features (microwave, dishwasher, refrigerator) - really a great place to stay with young children.Hotel manager very courteous, spent time talking to people at dinner buffet to get feedback and to make sure stay was enjoyable.Only downside is no grocery stores close by, but could easily take public transportation or cab if necessary. Walgreens a few blocks away had many items needed during our stay.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CRABBYOLDCODGER
<Content>Nice motel This is a top notch establishment with a very friendly staff. I really felt welcome at this hotel. The managers reception offered an excellent break from sightseeing with a nice selection of food. Breakfast was again excellent with friendly and helpful staff. The motel is at an excellent location and parking is close by. Cost is $17 a day. The place is not cheap but if you take advantage of the breakfast and manager's reeception it is more economical. The location is probably not for everyone if you are unable or unwilling to walk six blocks to the French Quarter.I made the walk frequently sometimes with my family and sometimes alone both at night and during the day and never felt unsafe. I actually appreciated the break from the hustle and noise of Bourbon Street but then I am not 20 anymore. We came as a family and this was an excellent place for my finicky teenagers who greatly enjoyed the food, fitness room and pool.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>1Longhorns1
<Content>Good Location       View looking South towards Harrahs  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BevoLives
<Content>A good choice. Clean, quiet. Rather average service and amenities. Somewhat out of the way, but good access to taxi's and the St. Charles trolley. A good value.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>mungy
<Content>Great Stay at Homewood Suites New Orleans We have stayed just outside the French Quarter 4 other times but this was our first stay with Homewood Suites. It was fantastic. I couldn't give any higher praise. The staff were all friendly, helpful and happy to be doing their jobs. The room was very large compared to other NO hotel rooms. We had fridge, micro and stove although we only used the fridge. Parking was cheaper than any other hotel I contacted and the room was clean, the bed was wonderful and the breakfast was fabulous. Waffles, scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, potatoes, cereal, yogurt. You name it, they had it. And in the evening during the week they have wine, beer and a light dinner/snack for you. The distance from the French Quarter was about 4 blocks. We will definitely look for Homewood Suites when we travel this summer out West.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ChicagoTraveler7
<Content>Clean, spacious and convenient We stayed at the Homewood Suites based on TripAdvisor reviews, and were not disappointed. Check-in was smooth and fast, and our room was big, clean, comfortable and well-appointed. Having a fridge was really convenient, as was the free internet.The breakfast was better than the average hotel continental breakfast, too-- excellent variety that included both healthy and not-so-healthy choices.The hotel is easy walking distance from the streetcar lines and the French Quarter. The only possible negative (and it's a minor one) is that there aren't a lot of restaurants within a block or two, unless you want to go to a restaurant in another one of the hotels along Poydras, but that's not a big deal-- you probably want to go into the French Quarter to eat, anyway!We'd definitely stay here again. Excellent value.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wsflyer
<Content>Roomy Suite We really enjoyed our stay at the Homewood Suites in New Orleans. The location is good, five or so long blocks to the Casino and Aquarium, and 3 or 4 shorter blocks to the French Quarter. Also, a good location to walk to the Superdome or Arena. Our 1-bedroom suite consisted of a bedroom with 2 roomy queen beds, a bathroom (with sink outside the toilet/shower room), and a combination den/kitchen.The morning breakfast was fine--eggs and either sausage, bacon, or some odd pork product (Canadian bacon, maybe?), plus fruit, waffles, cereal, coffee cake. A good start to the day.The evening meals were nothing to write home about, but were certainly edible, and saved us a lot of money. We ate lunches out with our kids, and ate breakfast and dinner (M-Th) at the hotel.The reason I didn't give the hotel 5 stars is that there was an odd knocking noise coming from within the walls of our bathroom. The maintenance man heard it, but could do nothing to remedy the situation. It was a loud noise that occurred most often in the middle of the night. Also, be aware the this hotel does not provide hair conditioner. We asked for some, and were promised some, but were later told that there is none available.Anyhow, it was a good stay, and a great value for the money.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>jeremyprimo
<Content>Great Stay Very Clean  The room was very Big and Clean we had a large group ,and never felt crowded.There is also one of the Best SUSHI BARS in the U.S. right across the street.You cant go wrong Booking this hotel!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>kapDallas
<Content>good experience Booked for 3 nights. Clean and roomy. A true suite in a town of suites that do not have doors between the sleeping/living quarters. Breakfast OK. Didn't try the managers dinner because it is New Orleans and we ate out, but it too looked OK. Good value.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fuzby
<Content>Overall a good choice for a family; a few problems We chose this hotel because we were traveling with our two teenage sons, and were looking for extra room and some privacy. The hotel had very good reviews on this site, and overall, our experience was positive too. But there were some snafus. What went wrong:1) We had booked a 2-bedroom suite, clearly specifying the choice of one bedroom with a king bed, the other with 2 doubles. It was on our confirmation printout, but when we reached the suite, both bedrooms had king beds. We had heard a clerk at reception tell someone on the phone that they were totally booked. Also, we had asked for a room not too near the elevator, and our suite was tucked nicely into a corner of the building, so our sons said it was not a big deal, and we didn't complain. 2) However, we did need to complain that the carpet on one side of one of the bedrooms was totally saturated with liquid. A call to the desk quickly brought a maintenance man, who diagnosed a problem with the air conditioner, made a repair, and returned with a Shop-Vac to suck up as much liquid as possible. However, it remained damp for our 5-day stay, and another wet patch was present by the intake vent in the living area. Hmm. 3) PARKING. The self-park lot specified (for which we were charged $17/day) was an open air lot down the block. We didn't mind the short walk, but turns out the lot is vastly oversold, so by 8:30 in the AM our car was so totally parked in that it took the attendant 20 minutes each time to get it out. The front desk told us they knew parking was a problem, but there was nothing they could do. The positives:1) Staff is friendly. The free buffet breakfast didn't have as many options as Embassy Suites usually does, but there was fresh fruit, a few hot dishes, and some good breads and pastries each day. The evening reception was simple, but a nice touch. 2) Location is very convenient for walking to much of the downtown, including the French Quarter, riverfront, etc. 3) Nicely equipped small kitchen, and our sons particuarly appreciated the microwave popcorn.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>antrec
<Content>great location My friends and I loved this hotel. The hotel room we stayed in had enough room for 3 people. It was not far from the French Quarter but it was close to other attractions. I would come back to this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Minnie25
<Content>A great place for the Mardi Gras Marathon When we decided to head to New Orleans for the Mardi Gras Marathon, we needed to find a place to stay with a king sized bed and another bed, plus close to the race. The Homewood Suites was just perfect, even better than the Race Headquarters hotel where the Expo was held. This hotel is centrally located, an easy walk to the French Quarter, even easier walk to the Superdome (marathon start and finish), and easy walk to the Aquarium and Riverwalk.The room was very nice, nicer than the other Homewood Suites we have stayed in. Excellent breakfast (we weren't there for the Manager Evening Meals - Mon through Thur only) with hot choices (the bacon was EXCELLENT), fresh fruit, yogurt, pastries, cereal. Alas, no beignets, but it wasn't that far to walk to Cafe Du Monde. The morning of the race, they provided breakfast for all the runners to take with them to the race or to take to their room to eat after the race - bottle of water, juice, fruit, breakfast bars. A very nice thing for them to do. The room was very quiet at night. Check out time was 11AM, but many of the runners, including our group was able to extend that to 1PM without extra cost. Most of their guests arrive for Monday, so they need a bit of extra time to get all the rooms ready. But they were very considerate of the runners. The race goes right past the hotel, so we were able to walk to the start to see our runners take off, then go back to the hotel to see them come back from the French Quarter before the Garden District and then back to the finish line for the half and before they started the second half of the course for the full marathon. Staff was friendly. They offered self parking in a lot next door ($18.02 a night, which wasn't really too bad for NOLA). I was a little worried about the car, but we didn't have any problems. We'd go back there again. Especially since it was just a short walk from the hotel to Mothers (we ate two dinner meals there - great Crawfish Etouffee and fried shrimp). The pool was indoor and not too bad, just a bit warm. And lots of chlorine.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>harleybonz
<Content>Best Hotel in New Orleans We play tourist in our home town all the time ,we love New Orleans and we love Homewood suites.We stayed one night for the Van Halen concert.We haved stayed in just about every hotel in New Orleans and I must say we love this Homewood hotel the best.This hotel even beats the hotel which is ranked one of the top in the U.S.A.,without naming names.The main reason is amenities.The rooms have a bedroom,living room,equipped kitchen.Our room also had a balcony.The hotel also has an indoor pool with a hot tub,and a workout room and I must mention the free hot breakfast with eggs, grits ,bacon ,etc .Now which hotel can beat all of this? It is very close to the Superdome and the Arena and within walking distance or a cheap cab ride to the French Quarter.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gahlisary
<Content>Crowd Pleaser Came down to New Orleans for a weekend bachelor party with a bunch of other guys. Have never stayed in a Homewood Suites before, but have stayed in a Residence Inn, so had some idea of what the experience would be like. This is a Residence Inn copycat and actually pretty similar to an Embassy Suites, except that the lobby is smaller and has no atrium, however the in-room kitchen is larger.All in all, it was a great stay. The suites were a great size, perfect for sleeping four people and the bathrooms were large as well. Hotel's location on Poydras is useful to getting to the casino as well as the Quarter and the free morning breakfast, while still heavy on empty carbs, did have some fruit and other choices. Also, the hotel's in-door pool and hot tub were a nice touch. Service was wonderful, very friendly staff who also kept the place in spotless condition. The housekeepers did a good job too. A few items however.... On the weekends, its ridiculous to close breakfast at 10am. Let people sleep in and keep the breakfast open for at least another hour, what the big deal? Also, the decor of the rooms, while new, is nauseating. The couch is purplish brown, the wallpaper in the bathroom is like puke green and grey, reminiscient of a hospital waiting room or nursing home. Just awful. Also, someone pulled the fire alarm at 5am on Sunday morning and we all had to evacuate the hotel, which as unpleasant at this sounds, actually wasnt as bad as Id thought it would be. You're basically sleep-walking anyway and after about 10 mins your back in bed and back to sleep in 30 seconds. I think we got one of the rooms comped that night for the inconvience, actually. Would I come back? Probably not, want something a little sexier or at least something with a more local touch, but the hotel served its purpose for our weekend flawlessly and will continue its real mission of providing rewards points to plenty of satisfied in-and-out biz travelers.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>andrewl570
<Content>Absolutely great hotel! The hotel is in a great location, a few blocks from the French Quarter and a few blocks away from Harra's. There was a minor problem one night and the management took remedied the situation without even a slight hassle. I would reccomend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fouke1
<Content>Best in NO This is the best hotel in NO if you want a nice, family-friendly hotel within walking distance of all of the city's major attractions. The rooms are very clean and spacious and the breakfast is delicious as some of the restaraunts' in the area. Very nice staff and top-notch service. The indoor pool and hot tub was probably the best part.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LA_Biz_Guy
<Content>Good Family or Long Stay Professional Hotel in CBD One of the nicer and better run Homewood Suites, it is a very good location for those doing either the Super Bowl or the Convention centre but somewhat of a walk to the Quarters. Big rooms with separate kitchen/sitting room with pullout bed. Free internet that works well and a better-than-average free breakfast. Management is personal and attentive. Pool is large enough for some lap work and the fitness room is adequate. Recommended for long-stay professional working CBD or for a family looking for a strong bargain while on vacation.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ht08
<Content>Awesome for Business Travel Stayed in this hotel for 2 weeks during October 2007. People are awesome, very helpful in every way possible. Breakfast and Snack in the evening was great. Free internet access, printer, fax etc. Ideal for business travel.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>burchard
<Content>Very Nice Hotel! We stayed at the Homewood Suites before a cruise a couple of weeks ago. There were six of us in a two bedroom suite. We found the hotel to be in a great location - walking distance or a short cab to the French Quarter but NOT in the crazy French Quarter! Neighborhood does get a little iffy if you walk a few blocks the other way though. In general the accommodations were wonderful. The hotel was clean, the suite was nice and the breakfast was good. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>tourandtravel
<Content>Great Stay! Stayed here for 3 nights and was very pleased. Upon check-in, we were upgraded from a 1 BDR suite to a 2 BDR (very personable manager asked reason for our visit to New Orleans as a trainee was checking us in, and when I told her we were visiting son who was a new teacher via TeachNOLA she was thrilled and asked about our group size, which was growing from 2 to 4 for the last 2 nights, and she thought our son's purpose warranted an upgrade to a more spacious suite!), lucky us! The staff at the hotel was always very personable and helpful. The pool area (indoor) was very nice/clean (although windows look out to the parking lot) and the breakfast buffet was great eggs, sausage, bacon, fresh cut up fruit, whole fruit, cereals, pastries, bagels, waffles breakfast bars, etc.(above par from most other Homewood's at which we've stayed). The hotel parking was at adjacent public lot for $17 per night, car was fine in lot, and even though parking was tight they always accepted our vehicle (they may have had to keep keys from some vehicles, but never needed to keep ours, despite some double parking I saw...we were never blocked in). Normally, I do not have car in NO, but we had other travels, so we really needed one (my son uses a bike for his New Orleans commuting!)The evening meal was not really light, but rather a full meal including very nice salad bar, fresh fruit, main course, vegies, etc as well as wine and 2 beers on tap. The hotel room itself was just a tad bit used looking (better cleaning of grungy lightswitches and moulding around doorways would alleviate this)...but everyhting thing else was in great shape. The staff was very responsive, hotel was in great shape (except aforementioned grunge), and the location was great. Poydras St. can get noisy, ask for higher floors or room at the rear of hotel, if this is a problem. Our first night was reserved with Hilton Honors points while the other 2 nights were a great rate I found on website, total cost for 3 nights was ~260 (plus parking)...for what we recieved it was a great deal at a great hotel! I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Lee4
<Content>Nice place for families I stayed at this hotel for one night with my husband and 15 month old son. We specifically chose it because it has a true suite set up--bedroom is seperate from the living/kitchen area. Their price on their website was good (internet rate) and we could earn Hilton honors points as well. The hotel is very nice--pretty lobby area and breakfast area as well (there's an indoor pool as well). They had our room ready when we checked in 3 hours early, so that was very nice! They also made a point to tell us we could call and ask for a later check out time the following day, if needed.The room had a kitchen/living area with doors leading to the bedroom and bathroom area. We had 2 queen beds and the hotel provided a pack-n-play for our son. The queen beds and pillows were comfortable, and the room was very clean. I found the hotel to be very quiet--we never heard anything from other rooms. It was really great to have doors seperating the bedroom from the living room. That enabled us to stay up later than our son's early bedtime. There were TVs in both the living room and the bedroom.The kitchen had a microwave, refrigerator, toaster, dishwasher, stove, plates, glasses, utensils, and some pots for cooking. It was a really nice set up and they even provided dishwashing cleaner. The frig also had an ice maker. There was a table/desk with 2 chairs, a couch, club chair with ottoman, and coffee table in the living area. I believe the sofa pulled out into a bed as well.The bathroom had the tub/shower and toilet in the back of the room with a door, then the sink and a closet were outside of this. There was no door to seperate the sink area from the beds. This was a great place to go with a small child and allow us all to have some room to spread out.The hotel is in the Central Business District, so it's not in the main tourist area. We did not try walking to the French Quarter since it rained during our stay. Parking can be a pain. You must pay $17.00 to park and the lot is across the street and down the block a bit from the hotel. It gets full quickly and has parking lifts that allow cars to be raised up if the lot fills so that more cars can park underneath. We were there on a Sunday evening, so there was no one attending the lot that evening. It was very difficult to park our small SUV in the lift things and we were very frustrated. Luckily, an attendent for the parking lot company rode by on his bike and took us a few blocks over to park in in the Holiday Inn's lot--which was fenced and had a full time attendent. I felt better about leaving the car there. The hotel staff did not offer information about the parking situation to us at check-in, so my husband had to go back and forth to the lot to put a sticker on the car since no attendent was there when he first parked. Kind of pain in the rain!Overall, I think this was an excellent hotel for families and would be happy to stay there again--clean and spacious rooms are not always the norm in New Orleans. If you want to be in the heart of the tourist area, this is not the place. If you're willing to walk, drive, or take public transportation to the main tourist areas, this hotel would work well for you.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Mavesgolf
<Content>Well Worth It Homewood Suites is a great place to stay while visiting New Orleans. The guest rooms are large and well equiped with a full sized refrigerator, microwave and even a dishwasher to wash the dishes supplied in the room. The breakfasts are huge with a lot of choices and the nightime food is great as well. If you were on a budget, you could eat breakfast and dinner at the hotel and find something small for lunch. They also have beer and wine during the week. The lobby and pool area are large and clean. Everyone on the staff who I personally talked to was very friendly, and management seems to be around during meal times making sure everything is ok. The location is great- a very easy walk to the French Quarter and Bourbon St. If I ever go back to NO, I'd stay here again in a minute.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lntrullin
<Content>Perfect Location We stayed here for about a week, and we couldn't have asked for a better location -- the hotel is within spittin' distance of the Superdome, the French Quarter, downtown, and about a 10-15 minute trolley ride away from the Garden District. Since there were three of us on this trip, it was really nice to have a separate common area, so that some uf us could stay up late without disturbing someone sleeping. They also have free breakfasts and a light snack in the afternoon, which is nice if you're not really looking for a full-fledged meal. Our only complaint is the pricey valet parking -- $26 when we were there -- but, trust me, I guess the money is worth it rather than trying to snag a parking spot on your own.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KateDen
<Content>We Enjoyed Our Mardi Gras Stay Here We stayed at the Homewood Suites for two night before our cruise. There were five of us in a two bedroom suite and we had plenty of room for everyone. The only drawback was that neither bathroom opened to the spacious living area, so the person on the sofabed had to walk through a bedroom to get to a bathroom. This was a minor inconvenience, though. We were there during the early Mardi Gras season and were pleased to find that the hotel only two blocks from the St. Charles Street parade route used by most parades. The walk to the French quarter was a bit further --- about 10 minutes. The town is fairly flat, so walking was a pleasure. However, if you need a taxi during Mardi Gras, the proximity to the parade route can cause problems since you have to take a circuitous route (meaning more cost) if there is a parade. And there are two to three parades a day.There weren't many restaurants in the immediate area, but we had planned to dine in the French Quarter anyway, so we weren't really looking at the options around us.Breakfast was plentiful and the selection was good with bacon, sausage, an egg dish, cereals (hot and cold), fruits and breads. The staff went out of their way to be helpful, especially when my father-on-law left his passport somewhere in the room. It was finally found where he had hidden it in the kitchen and we thank the staff for their patience and help with this. We were all able to cruise as scheduled. Great hotel, great price and we had a great time.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Steven1146
<Content>Great Place!! Six of us stayed in 3 separate rooms from 10/13 until 10/16. Everything about our stay was great. It is in a good location-easy walk to French Quarter, Superdome and WWII Museum. Each suite was two large bedrooms with full bath-(large sink area seperate from shower/tub and toilet for privacy)- in between the two bedrooms was a kitchen/living room combo-you could easily cook a full meal if you need a break from all the good area resaturants. The free breakfast was huge-eggs, sausage, bacon, grits, all kinds of pastries, yogurt, fruit, bagels, waffles-no one can leave hungry. The beds were large and comfortable with good pillows-the lobby is attractive with deep soft chairs-the staff was helpful-they printed our airline boarding passes on the check-in desk computers-the whole city seems understaffed-when we had to wait 20 minutes while the room cleaning was finished, we were given a bottle of wine for the delay. Overall, a great place, as rated by all of us on the trip-including two very picky travelers. I recommend Homewood suites to all. Well worth $175 a night.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay for big week Last year, made reservations for a group to stay during 2006 Jazz Fest. Then Katrina hit. Once we heard that the festival was still on we checked on the status of the hotel. At the beginning of the year, we were told that they were already back up and running. The place was very nice. The only thing that still looked like it was being worked on was the pool area (paint on walls). Very friendly staff that made us feel at home. We upgraded to a suite (2 bedrooms, 2 bath, kitchenette, pull out couch). Every morning was a full breakfast (not just donuts and coffee). The evenings also had a manager's reception from 5-7. Variety of dishes, desserts, and drinks (non-alcoholic as well as alcoholic). Tried it two of the nights there. One was really great while the other was not that good. But still nice to relax after touring the city with a glass of wine in front of their big flat panel TV. Everynight before hitting the nightlife, we hit the pool and hot tub. Inside on the ground floor it was very nice especially since we were the only ones down there at the time. Be carefull of the hottub before jumping in. It sure seemed really HOT at times. A basic workout room on the second floor (a couple pieces of equiptment but enought for an ok workout). Free use of the business center with computer/internet use. In the end, a great place to stay. If we return next year for the fest, this will be the place to stay. Now for the bad news. Because of Katrina, the hotel is mostly full of people who are staying there while working (getting new and old businesses back up and running). Because of this, their website does tell you that unless you plan on staying 30 days or longer, you probably will not beable to make reservations. We were lucky since we booked before the storm hit and that they still honored our reservations. So just keep checking back. An email address is also given to get more information regarding this issue.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SudsnFoamTraveler
<Content>Great Hotel perfect location... We came to New Orleans for Jazz Fest stayed at Homewood Suites on poydras. The location was 4 or 5 blocks from anywhere you would want to go. We upgraded to a king suite it had two bedrooms  two bathrooms. Plenty of room for the 5 of us. The staff was very friendly  courtious. The morning breakfast was great  always stocked well. The managers reception was a surprise, more like a meal then a light snack. The pool  hot tub came in very handy after a long day at Jazz Fest. I would definetly stay here again. First time in New Orleans  thought the city was well on it's way back. Some things hindered by lack of employees , but nothing a little patience couldn't handle. Wonderful hotel, great food, lovely city  people  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>booler
<Content>A great Stay I just want to say my Wife and I stayed here for a week and it was great. From the front desk personnel to the housekeeping staff everyone was very polite and attentive. I would definitely recommend this hotel for a stay for it's friendliness and convenience to the best of New Orleans.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Stay - We had a wonderful holiday in New Orleans in the spring of 2005. We stayed at the Homewood Suites and found the rooms were large and wonderful. I really felt spoiled by your hotel. Next time, I will just stay at this hotel and do all my visiting on foot to the French Quarter. You never felt it was dangerous at all to venture from this location.We did not rent a car and felt it was easy access to the French Quarters and all the special places to visit in the area. We only rented a car to visit the swamp tours and the plantations. We saw Oak Alley Plantation , Laura Plantation and the Honey Swamp Tour. Spring is a great time to visit since there was no humidity and the weather was great. Also crawfish season was the best and we loved the food. The seafood boil with crawdaddies, shrimps, mussels,potatoes,corn,etc was awesome! We saw Mardi Gras World, the French Market, took the St Charles streetcar and rode the whole route and did the Cemetary tour. We tried the Muffalatas, the poboys, the gumbos, and the best seafood. The cafe and beignets were sooooo good and ate those for 3 days for breakfast. We'd love to come back again someday and definitely stay at the homewood suites again. Thanks for a wonderful holiday!We fell in love with your wonderful city!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>12984736
<Content>Great hotel but beware. . . We stayed at Homewood Suites on the night of July 4th. We were a family of two adults and four kids. We stayed in a two bedroom suite on the 11th floor in the corner. The room was excellent and we could even see the bridge from our room with windows on both sides of the room since it was a corner. The only thing that truly surprised us was that you could open these windows from the 11th floor and they were low enough that any small child could have fallen right out of it. There were no screens. For a hotel that was built in the last three years this seemed like a huge risk for the hotel. Hopefully they will fix this before some child falls out. Also we used the hotel valet parking. Homewood Suites contracts with another company to park your car and you sign that they are not responsible for anything that happens to your car. That night our car was broken into. They broke the window of the drivers side. Having lived in New Orleans before we knew that crime is always a possibility as with any large city so we had emptied the car except for a few DVD's. They didn't take very much. However the next morning it was raining so we were called at 8am to be notified of the problem and that our car was moved to a garage where it would be covered. The management was incredibly cooperative trying to help us with this situation. They called the glass company to get the glass repaired. The company that contracts the parking agreed to pay the $180 to fix the window. Then the hotel after us asking agreed to credit us the price of the room since we were delayed about 8 hrs in leaving New Orleans as Tropical Storm Cindy approached. The hotel in this situation did everything in their power to remedy the situation the best they could. However I would be careful in using the valet parking and perhaps check out other parking options perhaps even using the Riverwalk parking or some other more secured garage. Crime is part of travel unfortunately but it is good to know ahead that it is happening so you can at least make sure your car is emptied of all valuables. This would be the case with any hotel in downtown New Orleans or any city really. The food and happy hour were a plus with this hotel as was the wonderful breakfast. For a family of six this is truly an added benefit. The hotel is neat and clean. I would recommend it to anyone traveling with a family to downtown New Orleans. It is within walking distance of the French Quarter and also the Riverwalk.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Stay Our family group of 18 stayed for a week at the Hilton Homewood Suites in downtown New Orleans. It is the perfect accommodation for this type of vacation. The suites are large, the facilities complete and excellent, the Staff professional, friendly and accommodating in every way. Homewood's meal program can be a huge saving - especially if you have teenage eating machines. Breakfast is substantial with many hot and cold choices. The weeknight dinner was a real bonus as it is more than adequate and allowed us to make lunch the day's big meal since every New Orleans restaurant serves lunch - and at better prices than dinner. The location is very central to many attractions but it is a 15-20 minute walk to most of them including the French Quarter. Homewood is an absolute A Plus for a New Orleans family vacation.The Greenfield FamilyMiami, FloridaJune 2005  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pattyjo98
<Content>Fine Choice It is sad to see such a lovely room already getting shabby...all the furniture had stains and the carpet was unravelling in spots and no one had bothered to cut the long strings. Our tub drained poorly and the toilet ran, both repairable. Having said all this, we still love Homewood Suites and have stayed in many of them, and I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value, Nice Rooms, Great Service: It's All Here I stayed at the Homewood Suites New Orleans earlier this month as part on an informal family reunion with my aunt, sister, and brother-in-law. It was down to me to select the hotel as I do much more traveling than they do. Based on the reviews here at Trip Advisor I decided this hotel would be to everyone's liking. We were not disappointed. Between us we stayed in two one-bedroom suites and were impressed with how large the suites were. There was plenty of space to spread out and the rooms were immaculate. The kitchen area is fully stocked with flatware, dishes, and cookware if you want to cook your own meals; there is also a large refrigerator (which you will need to store all the leftovers you bring back from the restaurants--there is no such thing as small portions in N.O.), a microwave, and the automatic dishwasher was a nice surprise.The amenities were outstanding as well. The complimentary meals were delicious and there was always a good selection. Coffee and tea service is available 24 hours. I didn't use the pool, but I did take a quick peek and it was a nice sized pool. Also on the premises is a gym, business center, and coin-operated laundry room, all open 24 hours a day. Adjacent to the front desk is a mini convenience store, but prices there are a bit steep as you would expect ($2.25 for a small bottle of apple juice). I would suggest instead going to Walgreens at the corner of Barone and Canal, a 5 minute walk from the hotel.I can't say enough good things about the staff. They were all so friendly and helpful and went above and beyond for us several times. The Homewood Suites is centrally located, with many of the major landmarks (Superdome, French Quarter, Bourbon Street, Harrah's Casino, Riverwalk) no more than a 10 minute walk away.I have just one complaint, and it's a nitpicky one at that. Our balconies did not have chairs, so we were not able to just lounge and get some fresh air. I hope this problem will be corrected in the future.I highly recommend the Homewood Suites New Orleans and will stay there when I visit N.O. in the future.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ElCert
<Content>Excellent choice, great value for your money! My husband and I stayed at Homewood Suites by Hilton for 3 nights in May and loved it. This is one I would definitely recommend, and return to if I go back. It is very centrally located in the Central Business District, only a few blocks from the French Quarter. This hotel delivers much more for your money than most suite hotels. The 2 room suites are very spacious, clean and excellent for families. I really appreciated having a full sized refrigerator and space to stretch out. They offer a free happy hour/light supper every weeknight from Sun - Thurs. with drinks (you pour your own beer, wine or soda) and snacks as well as a featured hot entree that differs each night. Breakfast buffet was abundant and had many choices, including hot dishes (scrambled eggs and sausage). You can also make your own waffles if you want. It did get quite crowded, so on one day there was no seating to be found, and the wait for the 2 elevators was very long. Overall, I was very impressed with the generosity, quality and value of all the amenities. I've stayed in Embassy Suites before and in my opinion they pale in comparison to this hotel. The staff were very efficient and friendly; the doorman was a real wonderful gentleman. We never had to use the valet, as we were able to find free after hours  weekend street parking next to the hotel. There is a small gym and a medium sized pool which is indoors; this surprised me somewhat considering how hot it is there in the summer. Overall, I give two enthusiastic thumbs up to Homewood Suites. It exceeded my expectations.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Most Enjoyable Stay We stayed at the Homewood Suites in New Orleans for four nights in June, 205 and experienced a most enjoyable stay. Our room was neat, clean and one of the two bedroom suites. There was ample privacy and plenty of room. The pool was well maintained as well as the jacuzzi which we enjoyed in the evenings after the manager's reception. And speaking of that, the food was more than enough and something different every night. Breakfast also was delicious and a great way to jump start the day. We particularly want to thank Darlene, the concierge in the morning, who helped us immensely with trips, tours, 'must' sees and restaurants. She was very attentive and checked with us every day to make sure our previous day's journey went well. A big hurray and thanks to the staff at this elegant hotel and thanks for making our stay very comfortable. Rose, Pete, Kim and Ernie.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>FootballTraveler
<Content>Can't Be Beat This was about my 15th visit to New Orleans and I have had an oppoutunity to visit several haotels in the city. Prior to this visit the W had been my favorite. I must say that this is my favorite and for the price it can't be beat. The rooms are clean, spacious and very comfortable. The breakfast was very good as well. I will definitely say that the concierge Judy Clymens is great. This was my wife's first visit to New Orleans and she is ready to return already, one of the main reasons is because of Judy.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>labgalbuffalo
<Content>Super - Duper - Plushy Bed!! We searched lots of New Oleans hotel web sites, and read lots of reviews on 'Trip Advisor' before my husband and I decided on The Homewood suites. I'm so glad we did. We stayed for 6 nights, starting on the last weekend of the N.O. Jazz and Heritage festival, and the hotel was my favorite part of the stay. Homewood Suites needs to work on their website to promote the fact that they have Big  Thick - Comfy Beds! I've stayed at hotels with the Sweet Sleeper Beds, and at expensive hotels with crappy beds (Like in Vegas), and wouldn't go back. After walking all day and doing touristy things, there is nothing like being comfortable. The indoor pool was great, and the hot tub was even better.  I agree with the other reviews, that the breakfast buffet was fantastic, however, when the hotel says it ends at 9:30am, they are not kidding. The very efficient staff stops replenishing at 9:20am, and is clearing the leftovers away by 9:30am. That was a little extreme. I did appreciate the fact that they didn't say anything when I would make up a plate to take to my husband in the room. I was usually up earlier, to eat breakfast and swim, so I would take him breakfast up to the room. With the fridge, microwave and toaster in the room; it was the best of both worlds. We were told by some guests we met at the pool, that they had a few things stolen from their room. That kind of publicity is going to hurt the hotel. Just to be safe, we asked house keeping not to make up the room when we were out, and just asked for more towels and TP in the evening. They even offered to lock up our laptop in the managers office, since their safe deposit boxes were so small. The staff was extremely agreeable!!!  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could have been great.... Just returned from a stay at the Homewood Suites. It's a beautiful property, and the price was quite reasonable compared to others in the area. The continental breakfast offering was very good. We loved it for the first two days. Unfortunatley, however, on the third day we took a road trip to the beach in Mississippi and were gone from very early until very late. We returned to one very nice surprise -- a complimentary bottle of champagne provided for my friend's birthday -- and one not so nice surprise. A bag full of souvenirs that had been left in the room was missing. Maybe it's my own fault for not making sure it was locked up, but there wasn't anything there that was really of any great material value... mostly just sentimental reminders of the trip. We managed to replace some of the items, which meant buying them all a second time, but there were a couple of places we weren't able to return to in the time we had left. One of those was the swamp we toured where I had purchased my most treasured shirt of the trip which I never even got to wear! The incident was reported to the Homewood Suites staff, but they were less than helpful. Everyone was very friendly and appeared genuinely concerned, but nothing ever actually got done. The manager kept assuring us that he was looking into it and was going to contact the housekeeper who had been in charge of our room that day but we left more than one person at the desk with cell phone numbers where we could be contacted and never received a single call from them and at the time we checked out, they still had not spokent to the housekeeper. At this point, I am trying to get a response from someone higher up in the company. There are notices in the room stating that, per Louisiana state law, the hotel is not to be held responsible for missing items, but there was also a card that stated that your night's stay is free if you are not 100% satisfied, and I certainly wasn't. It really disappoints me that I am not able to give this hotel a great review because it really is a nice place but this incident put a damper on our whole trip and as such I can't say I'd stay there again.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience! This was our second stay at the Homewood Suites, and it was wonderful. The rooms were clean, spacious, and the beds were comfortable. The location is convenient, and yet away from the noise of the Quarter. The breakfast offering was convenient, and well-attended by the staff. Our experience was made especially terrific by the service we received. From check-in through the entire stay, the staff was gracious and extremely helpful. We've stayed in several places in New Orleans and this is hands-down the best.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>thankx
<Content>A beautiful hotel with a Mixed Bag from housekeeping I stayed at this hotel for six nights based on tripadvisors glowing reviews. The room reviews were dead on. They were spacious and new and clean and probably the nicest I've seen in New Orleans. The breakfast buffet was nice and adequate and the staff at the front desk and bellhop were outstanding. The housekeeping staff, however, left something to be desired. I didn't bring toiletries thinking they would have shampoo and maybe conditioner. I didn't see any conditioner or lotion just shampoo. The next day I got nothing and had to ask and then realized they had conditioner. The majority of days I got nothing or 1/2 of what I was supposed to and had to ask for a big supply repeatedly. I also had to ask them to clean my room by 4 p.m. I also had to ask them to change my sheets even after posting the new sheet sign and then the day they were supposed to change the sheets they didn't do that either. I think I got the strangest housekeeping experience which may have just been an unlucky housekeeper assignment. The room is beautiful and if you don't have my housekeeper it could be a fantastic hotel.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>calinurse
<Content>Excellent in every way Stayed for three nights in a 2 bedroom suite. It was huge. All aspects of the hotel were great: lovely decor, high-standard housekeeping, front desk staff, the great doorman who we saw on weekend mornings--an older gentleman who is the epitome of southerm hospitality. We accidentally left clothes in a drawer and the staff, from Ben the general manager to Jamilla the chief housekeeper, were so helpful. We had no problems with check-in. The location is central and very good. No way would I want to stay right in the French quarter. It was a releif to get back to the quietness of this hotel. From the hotel, it's about a three block walk to the Canal Street edge of the French quarter. If you're heading to the Garden district/St Charles Ave, it's two blocks to get on the streetcar at the corner of Poydras and St Charles. It's a ten minute walk to the Sports Arena and the adjacent small shopping mall (Macy's etc). Breakfast filled us up. The evening light supper was a nice touch, with a small salad. Hot beverages are available at all times. I'd recommend this hotel especilly for families. Thank you, Homewood Suites New Orleans!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel We recently stayed at the Homewood Suites in New Orleans. What a great hotel! Our room was clean and ready before check in!. The breakfast was great and always hot and fresh. Our hotel was great, not much to say regarding New Orleans. Was not the cleanest city to tour, alittle on the seedy side. Would not recommend the city to a family vacation.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tjseadoo
<Content>Great Property We stayed at this Homewood Suites property four nights, March 31-April 4. The rooms were very large and clean. The one bedroom suite was as large as 2 hotel rooms. We were very surprised to find a kitchen efficiency complete with refridge and microwave. The pool is very nice. Indoors, with a very warm jacuzzi. Perfect way to work out those muscles tired from all that walking.The public areas were upscale and clean. The meal area was comfortable and there was plenty of seating each time we visited. We never actually ate much at any meal. There is too much great food to be had throughout the city! Just juice each morning. One review says that thedinner offering was deplorable. What is anybody doing in New Orleans eating a free hotel buffet? One of the main reasons to be in New Orleans is the food!!!Overall, it was a great hotel. The only problem we had was upon checkin. We had to wait until 5 pm to checkin. We werent the only ones. Every day as we walked past the front desk, somebody was complaining about their checkin, ie not having a room ready, not getting their requested n/s room or not having any rooms ready at all (our problem).The streetcar stop is only 2-3 blocks away, so getting either uptown or downtown(only 5 blocks to canal)was no problem. If I were there longer than 4 days, I would stay closer to canal as the walk from the quarter after a full day or night sightseeing was difficult sometimes.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Jakuch
<Content>Almost Perfect We stayed at this Homewood Suites property four nights, March 28-April 1. The rooms were spacious, well decorated and clean. The towels were almost new and of good quality and the shower had good pressure. The staff was very helpful. Once there were no towels at the pool -- after calling, staff brought them in 5 minutes. The pool area itself is very nice. Indoors, nice, Italian-style slate tile and a good spa.The public areas were upscale and clean. The meal area was comfortable and there was plenty of seating each time we visited. The breakfast was okay. Eggs, sausage, cereals, and the waffle machine. Staff replenished supplies often.The dinner offering was deplorable. We have stayed at many Homewood Suites and enjoy the M-Th. light dinner. We expect them to be basic but offering good, fresh, food. As we had four nights to sample the dinner offerings, we know there was not just an off night. The salad was all iceberg (which is okay..) but had brown edges each night. On Mexican night there was no salsa, no sour cream, no chips. There were very strange, soggy, corn torillas -- one rolled around bland meat mush, and the other, bright orange C grade cheesefood. Very strange. For my money, the Homewood suites in downtown Chicago has the best dinner offering.The drink offerings were fine -- a drinkable red/white wine in bottles each night. The beer was Bud Lite and one night Abita (yea!).Overall, it was a lovely hotel and we enjoyed catching the streetcars the stop closeby. If the food service manager could upgrade the dinner presentation it would make it a top notch Hilton property.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very nice experience in hotel living We had the opportunity to experience a Homewood Suites prior to a cruise that our group was taking. We were thrilled with the size of the rooms, it felt like living in an apartment versus being cooped up in a hotel. The staff were friendly and helpful and the breakfast bar was very nice..not the typical continental. It offered scrambled eggs, sausage, cereals, pasteries, juices, etc. The lobby was very nice with plenty of area to sit an enjoy your breakfast or just lounge on a couch and sofa. The location was great because it was not in with all the noise of the city but yet only 4-5 blocks from Bourbon Street.The rooms offered microwaves, refrigerator, dishwasher, hide-a-bed sofa, tv even a small table with two chairs to enjoy your breakfast at if you desire. The pool was clean. This hotel also offers a small gift shop to purchase soft drinks, dry goods, etc. I have to say that this experience with Homewood made an impression on our group of 12 people. Being a traveler I have experienced many hotels but for the price and the value you get this one beats out the competition. We will definitely make efforts in the future to stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>homewood suites we made our reservations back in nov for a stay in march. there was a group of us that booked rooms together, three for 2 nights and 1 double suite for 1 night. we did ask for rooms up higher as we had older children that would enjoy the view. upon arrival, we were told our rooms were not ready. we were told if we wanted to wait, we could get rooms together. after waiting 2 hours, watching others check in, we were given 2 of the 3 rooms on 2 separate floors, 4th and 5th respectively, as there were no rooms available the 6th through the 12th floor. finally, we declined the 3rd room after waiting so long (one of the rooms was a double room suite). the next day the next group checked in-the people at the desk knew they were with us-this broup was given a double room suite on the 11th floor! again, we had made these reservations months in advance as a group. there was a apathetic response on the part of the front desk. on the other hand, the conceriges were fantastic, especially byron. He was very helpful in assisting our group with good excursions-the walking ghost stories (which the children loved) and an excellent restaurant. the breakfast was good, the pool very good.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Slamar
<Content>Great place for families My mother, 2 children, their Godmother, and I stayed at the Homewood Suites in the Central Business District in New Orleans the night before our cruise and for 2 days after. The location was very central to everything - close to the port of New Orleans, Superdome, French Quarter, St. Charles Trolley, Children's Museum, and Casino. Given the size of our party and the availability, we were upgraded to a 2 BR suite on both stays - this was great as their were 2 bathrooms, 2 BR, and a pull out sofa - plenty of room for 5 people. The mini kitchen with the full refrigerator was great for kids. And the breakfast was decent (although this one did not have the waffle makers to make your own waffles). The bellman at the hotel was outstanding - he was very knowledgable about the city and his recommendations were all accurate. The concierge was also outstanding - her dining suggestions were great!! She was very patient with children and simply a pleasure to talk to. Although we did not use the indoor pool, it looked very nice - clean. I would definitely stay here again and would recommend it to anyone who likes extra room to move in as opposed to a small closet with a bed.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean and spacious rooms/Great Location/Good Deal We stayed at the Homewood Suites over the March 4th, 2005 weekend. We have two kids. The rooms were spotless. I am a little O.C.D. about cleaning the hotel room when I check in---but even my Lysol wipes couldn't detect any dirt!! The breakfast in the lobby was very good. The location is near the French Quarter and The Aquarium. It is a great choice for families who don't won't to spend big $$$'s and don't want to get two rooms for a family of four.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I picked a good one I read about Homewood Suites at Trip Advisor.com and booked a two day stay before taking a cruise. We were two couples and reserved a two bedroom suite. It was great. What more can I say.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovetotraveloften
<Content>Great location We stayed at the Homewood Suites for 4 nights while in New Orleans for a conference. The hotel is in a great location; we were able to walk to the convention center, river walk, aquarium, French Quarter, and Garden District.The suite was clean and spacious. The staff were friendly. The breakfast offered many options each morning. The hotel was very quiet - I heard no noise from the hallway or street. I highly recommend the Homewood Suites and would stay there again if in New Orleans.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dckiddo
<Content>Homewood Suites--Great deal and location! My husband and I just returned from a stay at the Homewood Suites for New Year's Eve and the Sugar Bowl... Hokies fans :) The hotel location was fantastic! An easy walk to the French Quarter, River Walk, and Super Dome. We rented a car for our stay, but found walking so easy that once we arrived, we never took the car out. Next visit we may just hire a cab ($28 each way from the airport as opposed to paying the $23 per night for parking a car we didn't use). The staff at Homewood Suites were wonderful. Don't miss out on the manager's evening hospitality buffet in the lobby Monday-Thursday. We had thought it would be light refreshments and were amazed to find a complete dinner buffet including free beer, wine and soft drinks. When you factor in a full breakfast buffet and dinner -- this hotel is a steal! The suite was beautiful, clean and spacious. The living area and kitchenette were well-appointed. With the mild weather, we enjoyed having a balcony... Without a doubt, when we return to New Orleans, we'll be staying at Homewood Suites!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place to stay We stayed here 3 nights for the 2005 Sugar Bowl. It was pretty nice place to stay. If you are having to stay for business long term, I would highly recommend it. Rooms are spacious and had a nice balcony to sit on. Good breakfast and the evening social is good (free beer!) It was a very easy walk to the Superdome. It is is good little hike to Decatur St and a 15 minute walk to Bourbon St. When we checked in at 8PM at night, our room did not have any towels. We had to call to get some. Also the pillows were terrible. We had 3 on a king size bed and they were not good (very flat). We called and luckily they sent 2 additional ones up so at least our heads would be propped up. Also, the toilet kept running. I had to take the lid off and raise the bulb to shut it off. I never did call to get this corrected since we weren't in the room much. I did leave a note to fix after we left. Overall good experience here. I just wanted to share the good and the bad. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Needs improvement We checked in on January 1st for Sugar Bowl. Since check-in time was 3:00 we got there at 3:00. We sat in the lobby until 6:15 to get into our room. We had dinner reservations in the Quarter at 6:30 so we were not able to freshen up after a 5 hour drive. They did have a bottle of Champagne in our room when we got back that night apologizing for the inconvenience. Of course they cut our New Orleans visit 3 hours short. I thought the bed was way too hard. I like firm but comfy. This was not comfy. The air conditioning fan had a bad, very loud rattle. Someone had obviously had too much fun on New Years Eve and had thrown up in the foyer outside the elevator on our floor. The area was carpeted and the smell was so awful the entire 4 days we were there that it was almost impossible to wait for the elevator. Everyone we saw said they had told the staff about it but nothing was done. It was really awful! It could be a very nice hotel as the staff was very friendly and the rooms are very nice.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Collegeprof
<Content>It was a Happy New Year My wife and I could not have been happier during our 5 night stay at Homewood Suites over New Years. The staff provided immediate care for ice, extra pillows, etc. The concierge set us up with great trips during our stay. If you ever take the Oak Alley/Evergreen antebellum tour, get David. He is a wealth of information, and can provide to the tiniest detail about food preparation in New Orleans to chefs, restaurants, and the true history of the city. This hotel was rich in room design, and provided better than expected breakfast and dinner buffets. It is only two blocks from St. Charles, so getting the trolley to Tulane University is a snap, or four blocks from Bourbon Street. There are also markets nearby to replenish your refrigerator in your suite.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better Than Expected! We selected Homewood Suites New Orleans as the site for our family reunion, held the week between Christmas and New Years, 2004. We booked approximately 20 rooms, with 58 in attendance.The Hotel amenities were excellent; the staff more than attentive. A few relatives had to deal with flight cancellations and snowstorms in the North, which caused delayed arrival times and changes to their reservations, and they all reported no problems doing so.The complimentary breakfast and happy hour/light supper were far beyond anyone's expections. A full breakfast was provided, and the light supper was much more than that, with hot food, salad, cheeses, dessert included with the happy hour of beer, wine and soft drinks.Everyone thought I was a hero for finding such a terrific site. The rooms were all suites, with full kitchens. The hotel is about three blocks from the French Quarter, so walking was not a problem for most. I would highly recommend this hotel; not only for its amenities, but also for the highly motivated, helpful and polite staff that took such good care of my extended family!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Our room was beautiful and well appointed. The comfort and size was perfect. The bed was so comfortable it was like being at home. The breakfast and evening food was outstanding. Thanks for a great time  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved homewood new orleans My wife and I just returned from 4 day stay at homewood suites new orleans.The hotel was perfect for our sightseeing /romantic getaway. Excellent location and $99 bargain rate for spacious clean and up to date suite.After our first night a manager asked how our stay was going.We told him our room facing the street was a little noisy he insisted on moving us to the other side of the hotel.All the staff were polite and accomodating.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb service at the Homewood Suites I just finished hosting a week-long conference/workshop for 100+ poeple at the Homewood Suites New Orleans. Everyone was thrilled by the spacious, immaculate rooms and the great service. The staff was courteous and helpful. The management went out of its way to accomodate our needs. KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Stay Our six night stay at the Homewood could best be described as outstanding. The courtesy extended by ALL the hosts truly exemplify the standards expected of a five star. Breakfast serving was always fully staffed and complete. Tables were cleared and cleaned instantly upon departure. Evening manager's specials were equally handled. Rooms were tastefully decorated and meticulously cleaned. Unquestionably, the Homewood Suites exceeded all our expectations.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No PlACE LIKE HOMEWOOD SUITES As soon as we drove up to Homewood Suites, Justin, the Valet, took our car. We did not need it again for the entire week. Great location: walking distance to the French Quarter, River Walk, Casino and Restaurants. Lionel, the Bellman, managed our luggage and showed us to our beautiful suite. He was helpful with directions and areas of interest to us. Tiffany, our Housekeeper did a wonderful job keeping the suite neat and fulfilling our needs throughout our visit.A hot breakfast was served each morning, plus each evening, drinks and heavy snacks were provided in the Lodge. David and his staff did a grat job with the food, managing to serve all the guests in a short period of time and in a fashionable manner. Kept things tidy and neat. We did not choose to stay at Homewood Suits. We own a timeshare in the Garden District which was being remodeled at the time of our visit. Our timeshare folks sent us to Homewood Suites for the week. We love our timeshare, however enjoyed being more convient to everything we enjoy and the amenities of Homewood. We would definitely return to Homewood Suites. Not only is it a bargain, and a great location, Heather O'Neil and the entire staff were friendly and did a remarkable job making us feel comfortable and at home.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleasant stay We traveled to New Orleans on a red-eye flight from Portland Oregon arriving at the hotel @ 8:30 AM Friday morning October 15th. I had asked for an early check-in when making the reservations however I was told they could make the request but no guarantee. We were very happy to hear that our request was fulfilled and we were able to check in immediately. Our accomodations were wonderful and the staff was very courteous and friendly. I would normally not take the time to write a review, however, reading the prior reviews was the main deciding factor for our selection. I would definetly stay at the Homewood Suites New Orleans on our next trip back to this fun city. Thank you!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travel2gether
<Content>Great family vacation in New Orleans We enjoyed a three night stay at the Homewood Suites in New Orleans with our daughter, son-in-law, and three children (ages 4-3-1). Based on the reviews here, we chose Homewood Suites as our destination to meet up with our daughter and grandchildren in New Orleans. We flew from California and they drove from Atlanta. We reserved a two-bedroom suite with a king bed in each bedroom, with a queen sofabed in the sitting room. Each bedroom had a full-sized bathroom attached. For just over $200/night for the seven of us (including a full breakfast in the morning) this was a great deal. We had plenty of room for socializing and playing with our grandchildren, or retreating to our room and closing the door for privacy. In addition, the location was excellent. We had a stroller for the baby, and the other two children were able to walk (they are good walkers) to the French Quarter, the Aquarium, and the Childrens Museum. (Taxi, bus, or trolley lines easily accessible from hotel) We had a fantastic time with the family, made possible by the great room provided by Homewood Suites. The room was clean, we had plenty of towels, and the refrigerator is so handy to have when you have young ones to feed. I would highly recommend this hotel to families or anyone else that wants comfort and a central location to the attractions in New Orleans.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would stay here again - great experience Very welcoming hotel. Staff very friendly, and knowledgable. Concierge service very useful.Area that the hotel is in seemed to be safe. Only a short walk to French Quarter, taxi inexpensive of a night from Bourbon Street $6-$8. Suite very clean, large rooms for living and sleeping areas.Breakfast included in rate $140, so too was welcome drinks and food of an evening (weeknights only). Food was only OK - could be improved upon.I would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>michelle42164
<Content>by far one of the best hotels my sister, mother and i spent a girls weekend in new orleans on 9-25-04. the hotel was beautiful, clean and breakfast buffet was the best continental breakfast ever...not only donuts and coffee, they had eggs, sausage, pancakes, waffles, bagels, muffins, fruit, etc....the room was fabulous, spacious and clean. the only complaint was at check in when the manager said we would be getting 1 king bed, not the 2 double beds we requested through expedia. after showing my confirmation with double beds requested, she did find us a room...all in all, great place to stay and i would recommend to everyone.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Big Easy Homewood is a Winner This is by far the best Homewood Suites by Hilton that I have ever stayed. The room was clean and the price was right! The breakfast buffet in the morning was perfect. The location (Baronne/Poydras) is very close to the Superdome and walking distance to Canal/Bourbon. The staff at the hotel is very professional. They engaged in pleasant conversation and greeted everyone upon arrival. Chris, the valet/doorman, is a wonderful employee with knowledge of the New Orleans area. The swamp tour by Cajun Encounters was great. This hotel is highly recommended and a real jewel of the Crescent City.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what a stay! This hotel was far the best in downtown New Orleans. It looked like it was fairly new, and very pretty. The windows in the room are stunning, and the privacy that you will have is amazing. I loved every bit of my stay, and of course I dont wont to forget about the price I paid for the hotel, it was around 100.00 bucks which was incredible!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A real jem! I was very impressed with this hotel. The amenities were everything that the other reviewers have stated. A wonderful breakfast in the morning which includes a waffle maker, sausage, eggs, and tons of pastires, bagels, etc. If you are there during the week for the Manager's Reception take advantage of that. When we went the had pretty decent food with side salads. The beer and wine they offer aren't the best quality but it's free. The only down fall is that the elevators are a little slow. The staff is extremely curtious. It's in a fairly decent location. It's only a couple of blocks from the hustle of the french quarter which I found to be refreshing to get out of the area when I wanted to quiet down in my room. Visit this hotel, you will get your money's worth. A couple recommendations for the area: Visit the zoo. Grab a Mufellata at Central Grocery Store off Decatur St. and Don't miss the Louisiana Pizza Kitchen in the French Market.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelfamily3
<Content>Good value, decent location My husband and I and our 15-month old son stayed here in July 2004. We stayed in a one-BR suite. It was a clean, well-managed hotel, but nothing unique or spectacular. And I don't know why everyone raves about the free evening reception. Sure it is nice to get a free beer or glass of wine, but the food resembles school cafeteria food. I couldn't believe people were making their dinner out of it, rather than going out for good New Orleans food. The room was quiet and spacious. One problem with the layout was that the bathroom had to be accessed thru the bedroom - a problem when our son was asleep in his crib in the bedroom and we needed to use the bathroom. Overall though, it was a good deal.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value! Excellent hotel for the value. Rooms were spacious and clean. We had a 2-bedroom suite on the 10th floor. Vanities were granite, and pillows were feather. Breakfast and manager's reception were very good. My only complaint was the price of the parking. I believe we paid apx. $23.00 to park at this hotel. Everything else was great, and only 4-5 block walk to Burbon Street and numerous attractions.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! I just recently came back from New orleans and stayed at the Homewood Suites, a very nice hotel. There was a little mix up because our room wasnt ready when we got there but it was taken care of. We had a 1 bdrm and it was very spacious and clean with a kitchenette also. The staff was friendly and there is a complimetary breakfast every morning which was nice because you didnt have to worry about going out for breakfast. Its not very far from the french quarter its about a 15-20 min walk and its right down the street from where you can catch the St. Charles street car and not far from Harrahs Casino. I had a pleasant stay at Homewood Suites and would definitly return in the future. P.S. It is extremely hot during this time of year! (in the 90's everyday during my stay)So if you dont like it very hot and humid try coming in a different time of the year.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent hotel-Highly recommended I chose this hotel based on the consistently good reviews on this site and it far exceeded my expectations. My husband, 4-year-old son, parents and I stayed in a two-bedroom suite at the Homewood Suites during the second week in July. The staff is friendly and very knowledgeable about the New Orleans area, particularly the doorman, Lionel, and the valet, Kevin. They addressed us by our names upon entering and leaving the hotel-- a nice personal touch. My son felt like a rock star. The concierge is also very helpful. This was my first visit to New Orleans and the information they provided helped us find our way around quite easily.The hotel is new (2 years old), clean and modern while having traditional decor. The rooms are large, clean, quiet, comfortable and nicely-appointed. My husband, who was in town for a conference, liked having free high-speed internet access in our room; while my son loved having plenty of room to spread out his toys and play. The kitchenette has a full-sized refrigerator, dishwasher and microwave and a small stove top. The hotel is located very close to the French Quarter (about 4 blocks) and the St. Charles (2 blocks) and Canal (4 blocks) street car lines. We all enjoyed the full breakfast provided every morning in the hotel's atrium; it's not the typical continental breakfast you get at most hotels. They offer scrambled eggs, sausage or bacon, a variety of juices, milk, coffee, yogurt, danishes, bagels, toast, cereal and fruit, and on certain days you can even make your own Belgian waffle. The manager's reception is held in the same location on Mon. through Thurs. evenings and nice as well. A choice of white or red wine, and draft beer is an added touch.We had a great time in New Orleans and had a wonderful stay at this hotel. Next time we visit, we'll definitely stay at the Homewood Suites.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent in every way! What an excellent bargain. We had a lovely, clean, well equipped suite with kitchenette, a great breakfast buffet and a good location. It is only a couple of blocks from the St. Charles streetcar and only about 4 blocks to the French Quarter. We will definitely stay here again. The gentleman at the Concierge Desk was wonderful as was Lionel the doorman. Both are very knowledgeable about New Orleans and very helpful!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location! This is the way to go to the Big Easy! Absolutely the best! Our room was perfect for our stay...very central to all the action. Bourbon Street,St Charles Trolley, Le Pavillion (Sunday brunch), and Fairmont (great bar)...Very clean hotel, nice fresh breakfast and Monday-Thur, the Manager's Reception is hard to beat. I highly recommend thishotel and I will be back.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Hotel and wonderful staff My stay at this hotel could not have been more pleasant. I stayed in New Orleans for 6 nights and I wish all six had been here, but only booked two nights here. Ben and his staff were extremely friendly and went out of their way to make my stay here great! The room was spacious and clean, breakfast buffet was Atkins-Friendly and the location was convenient to French Quarter and trolley lines.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hemmesfamily
<Content>It was a nice as described! I stayed at this hotel due to it's good reviews here on this site. I wasn't disapointed. It is clean and spacious with the nicest staff! If you are as picky about hotels as I am you will love the Homewood Suites!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lcruzn
<Content>Friendly staff, helpful concierge, great location Spent 4 days in New Orleans. At the recommendation of this site, I stayed at the Homewood Suites. It is centrally located to everything. The staff was very friendly and always willing to assit. The concierge was a tremondous help from finding a restaurant to event planning. Had breakfast at the hotel a couple of mornings, which was great. The rooms are spacious and very clean. Checked out on a Sunday morning, but my flight wasn't till late in the evening. The hotel was kind enough to keep my bags so that I don't have to carry them around and made arrangements for a taxi to take me back to the airport. Best of all the room rate is far reasonable. What more can I ask for.   
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>pretty good check-in was troublesome. they didn't have the balcony room we requested, then put us in a room with one king instead of two queens. when we complained, tho, they upgraded us to a 2-bedroom suite on the top floor with a balcony!hotel is great for kids: indoor pool, convenient (if not especially delicious) breakfast, video games on TV. only trouble is the balconies: there is nothing to stop a young child from climbing over the rail on the 12th floor!! we had to devise a makeshift lock, a board wedged into the sliding door to keep our curious son from opening it, just so we could sleep at night.rooms were in OK shape, nothing special.Good location, walking dist. from streetcars/kids museum/mother's po'boys.HIGHLY recommend Bon Ton Cafe, fantastic.concierge arranged a great tour for us. MUST DO: airboat swamp tour. the alligators swim right up to you.  
<Date>May 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful staff and great hotel I just stayed here during Jazz Fest and could not have been more pleased. The staff went out of their way to be helpful,the suite was clean and spacious. We had not only the fridge and microwave I expected but a two burner stove,dishwasher and toaster. The door staff was also terrific,got us cabs every morning. The rates were a real bargain. I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to New Orleans!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dean1234
<Content>Great weekend in New Orleans We stayed for the weekend of the French Quarter Jazz Festival. The first morning our suite did not have enough hot water. After mentioning this to Mr. Martinez and the front desk staff, they gave us another 2br suite and let us also keep the first suite!We were two couples and this worked out great, as the first suite now had enough hot water and the problem was solved with great customer service! (My wife liked having her own bedroom as she has mentioned to me that I snore - loudly!). The suites were clean, and, ALL the staff members were always friendly, smiling, and gave the impression they were there to make our stay as best as possible. We all agreed we would stay here again whenever in New Orleans.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pangaea
<Content>Recommended Stayed here April 15-19. Reserved a one bedroom and without even asking they upgraded us to a two bedroom. HUGE - two full bedrooms and baths with a living room. Highspeed internet access and kitchen. Had a small balcony, too. Comfy pillows, and plenty of them. Full size closets with real hangers.Found all of the staff to be very friendly and helpful. Especially the doorman. He made us feel like we were the most important guests there.Hearty breakfast buffet allows you to fill up so you can last and take a late lunch when the resturants are less busy.About 4 blocks from FQ and two blocks from St Charles street car. You can even ride the street car it to Canal if you don't want to walk to the FQ. Buy the one day pass for $5.We'll be back. Check the AAA rates. You'll save enough money to cover the cost of an AAA membership if you don't already belong.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location! Location! Location!   showReview(1786865, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Trouble at first...but it redeemed itself later Literally right next door to LE PAVILLON, Homewood Suites is a great inexpensive hotel with all the big budget frills. Only problem, a little confusion at first with our room preferences, even after confirming them THREE times, front desk made it all better after throwing a little fit. The moderatly priced 2BR suites were clean, with full kitchen, (microwave, stove, stemware, coffee maker, etc.) Large bedrooms and bathrooms, one room with a surprise balcony and a living room, these suites can easily sleep 6pp. Hot breakfast with waffles, french toast, eggs, sausage, cereal, fruit, juices, etc, very pleasant seating in HUGE atrium. Didn't have time to go in the indoor pool, but it looked nice. Quite a little stroll to the french quarter, (15 minutes) but you hit all the main streets. We took the car, might as well you're paying for Valet parking anyway. OVERALL, if you're on a budget and have the family with you, jump on the Homewood Suites, definetly worth the price. Oh, Smith  Wollensky's Steak House, one block over...also a great treat.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Home at Homewood.   showReview(1742559, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Welcoming Comfort   showReview(1661661, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be careful   showReview(1651090, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great find!   showReview(1502446, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CTSammyB
<Content>Outstanding!   showReview(1487378, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dritter
<Content>Very enjoyable stay   showReview(1435258, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jurypro
<Content>A real bargain   showReview(1397133, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Homewood Suites is an excellent choice   showReview(1090147, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mssqueaky
<Content>Loved the Homewood Suites   showReview(929810, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

