<Author>lillabuggles
<Content>Great for a stopover near harbourfront Booked through hotelclub. Got in early in the morning and needed somewhere to rest before getting on a cruise at the Harbourfront the next day. The Link was perfect. Check in was easy and the reception area very nice. Room was small but nicely decorated and very comfortable. Shower was fine and good toiletries. I would definately recommend it as a place to stay for similar reasons. Close to Vivocity and harbourfront (about 5-10 min by taxi). Ordered room service which was above average. Check out very easy and they called us a cab no drama. Overall very happy with our stay.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ughboot
<Content>probably reasonable value for singapore We haven't stayed in Singapore before, but this hotel seemed to be reasonable value from the choice provided as part of a Singapore Airlines stop-over. The transport from the airport to the hotel was good. The reception service was fine. We ordered room service one night which was above average. The rooms were tiny but clean. The hotel shuttle wasn't convenient for us, we would recommend the public transport - its clean, fast, with lots of services. The train station is an easy ten minute walk.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Shawyun
<Content>Worth it I've been staying there for 5 nights, I'm really enjoy staying with them, as the staff is very helpful and informative.The room is well equip. Even the room and wash room are small, what i need is a decent place to sleep, rest and bath. Compare the room rate and facilities, it's worth staying.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>billbeyer
<Content>Link Hotel, clean, comfortable, a little out of the way, but inexpensive Stayed at the Link Hotel for a couple of days in April 2008. Booked it through the Internet. I was pleasantly surprised. It was inexpensive, clean, modern and generally very nice. I spent four times as much to stay on Orchard Road prior to this!The room was a bit small but, I was travelling by myself so it was okay for me.The hotel is a little out of the way but, if price is a major factor, the Link Hotel is a great deal. Probably best for singles or a couple.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DomGloucester
<Content>Cheap  Stayed here as part of Singapore Airlines stopover, transport to hotel was fine, knew beforehand that it was a bit further out. Hotel is located on a busy junction, but windows are double glazed so do insulate from the noise. Rooms are tiny as are the bathrooms which also suffer from the 'asia drains' smell. Hotel feels functional and does not have much ambiance, the breakfast is in the bar area and tables are low and seats are sofas if the normal tables  chairs are full. Food is Ok, but nothing special and even though had 50% discount the 10%service charge was calculated on the full price!.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>serriWales
<Content>Terrible Experience Stayed in this hotel when my parent came for my ROM day. Horrible experience with it.Receptionist doesn't speaker fluent english.. Rooms are so small and bathroom can't even fit two person in it. They provide free shutter bus service to orchard and clarke quay. Waited hours but no bus came and pick us up. Phone to the receptionist but the receptionist just keep asking us to wait... they even ask us to wait for 3 hours....and claim that we miss the previous bus.. the main problem is that we have been waiting there for an hour.... I'm so dissapointed with their service... as I'm rushing for my ROM dinner. Lastly I took the taxi back to the hotel.Just beware, although room price quote in the internet is nett but they have another 10% service charge per night not inclusive in it. Got a shock when the bills came. Price is not inclusive of breakfast. Not budget nor 4 star at all!!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	4	1	1	3	

<Author>weenac
<Content>Convenient, Clean but Small This is my second stay at this hotel. I will come back to stay again. It is very convenient to find foods, just across the road to Tiong Bahru market (hawker centre). It is also very convenient to go anywhere by bus. If you don't familiar with bus, you can take bus no. 16 (I can remember only 1 no.) only 3 bus stops will reach Tiong Bahru MRT (green line). You also can go to Chinatown easy also just get out from the back of the hotel.The room is very clean but small. Anyway, I don't stay in the room much so I don't mind. I don't like to stay another building. I prefer to stay at the same buidling as the reception area. Like others said, it's very long corridor and yes sometimes spooky.However, I will definitely go back to stay this place again.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>Ricc0
<Content>Link Hotel - a budget hotel not three or four star Stayed for a night for the Singapore Stopover. The room has fresh white sheets and lovely white towels, nice toiletries and white slippers. It was however, tiny and has absolutely no ambience. I found the long narrow corridor abit spooky and the long walk across the bridge was confusing, There was a tiny wardrobe. The reception staff looked as though they were overworked/ weary and was wanting of a welcoming smile. I had seen the hotel rating as a four star which is outrageous. Even its rating as a three star is generous. I'll rate it as a one- two star.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>bradletn
<Content>Ok for short stay I booked this hotel for one night during a Stopover. The Singapore Stopover transfer was included but I had to wait over half an hour for the bus to arrive and it took almost an hour to drive there as it was peak hour. The hotel room was very small with the bed almost filling the room. The curtains were not very dark so the room was lit up for most of the night. The bathroom was also tiny but clean. I walked to the Tiong Bahru food market nearby (2 mins) for dinner which was great and the best thing about the location.The hotel forgot to do my wake up call which almost resulted in a missed flight. The manager was lovely and offered a free breakfast which was good compensation given it all turned out ok. Had I missed my flight, things wouldnt have been so pleasant.Overall, fine for one night which seems to be the business they do but way too small to spend any time in the room especially with more than one person. Im not sure what other size rooms are available.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Dylan65
<Content>Good Location in residential Singapore Due to the hike in prices for the Singapore Grand Prix we were forced to book here as the room rates were more reasonable. Luckily for us one of our party checked the internet rates before we flew out and they had changed in our favour. The Government fix the prices. We advised the hotel of this and they amended our booking. The rooms are compact but clean and the hotel has a more intimate flavour to it. There are on site massage facilities and the hotel is noted by the link 'bridge' from one side of the very busy road to the other.This hotel is located in a residential part of Singapore, expect local cuisine in nearby cafes.The hotel is sandwiched in the middle of two metro stations - Outram Park and Tiong Bahru, but we mainly used Outram Park as it is a connecting station. It is about 10 minutes walk to either station. Taxis and the metro are cheap to use and you don't have to haggle. If you find you are lost, we found the Singaporeans took their time to be helpful, which is something you don't get in many cosmopolitan cities.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>JPRL-UK
<Content>Ok, but not fantastic Good business type hotel but not fantastic.Good location, good standard but small rooms and not much luggage space.Not for couples who have big bags.Free wired internet which is always good for business travellers.Fair price for the standard.No gym or pool.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Paul38
<Content>Nice but not for western tourists. This is not exactly a tourist hotel but it is clean and comfortable. It has all the facilities of a 4 star hotel including a business centre, but beware they charge $17 for 30 minutes internet usage. The hotel is located near Outram Park. Taxis are readily available and the station is about a 10 minute walk away. The rooms have a modern bathroom with shower, flat screen TV, a safe in the wardrobe, a mini-bar and tea/coffee making facilities. The staff were polite and friendly. As I said, it's not exactly a tourist hotel but then again Singapore isn't exactly the most thrilling place on earth either.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	4	4	2	

<Author>AnnaChristchurch
<Content>Truly awful We stayed one night at the Link hotel courtesy of Singapore Airlines after some flight rescheduling. The hotel has been adapted from former Housing Development Board flats and sits on both sides of the road connected by an overbridge. If you are disabled walking the long distance across the bridge connecting the two sides would be a major problem. The standard rooms are the smallest I have ever seen - too small for my husband and I to pass at the end of the bed and too small to open the suitcase. The beds were hard and the air-conditioning was incredibly noisy. The bathroom had a strong smell of sewage that was nauseating. We had 3 rooms booked at the hotel and all smelt the same. The breakfast buffet was very average and incidental cups of tea just about broke the bank. It is handy to many attractions but everything is in Singapore.I will not be staying there again and am suprised that Singapore Airlines thinks it of high enough standard to use for their stop-overs.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	3	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>ViciousTravelling
<Content>Nice, unique and easily accessable Stayed here for a night after 2 nights at Fragrance Rose in Newton vicinity.Had some trouble looking for the hotel by car as it has 2 parts and the parking lot being at an angle off Outram and Tiong Bharu Road.The check in was okay, friendly but appeared new.The place appeared to be multiple shop houses joined to become one big hotel with a bridge linking another similar shaped building. We were upgraded from a superior to a deluxe which was very nice of the staff.The room was very nice after 2 days in the Rose hotel. It had a boutiqe feel and we were in the oriental type room ( they have a few choices). this was by luck rather than design as I was not sure what we would get.The bed was nice and the television worked well. It was a LCD screen TV.The toilet was fair and had a shower with no tub.Importantly it was very central, easy to get on a highway and off. Very near the hospital and 2 major MRT stations. They also provided shuttle service to Orchard and MRT stations which is a bonus.All in all a wondersful place and fairly cheap too. we paid sgD160  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>westieak
<Content>really nice hotel stayed for 2 nights on a singapore airlines stopover package. the hotel has only been open for 6 months and is extremely clean. all the staff are very friendly and helpfull.it is about half an hour from the airport (at night) there are lots of excellent cheap eating places nearby.air con in my room was noisy, hotel was very good value for the price  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>sandrinagracia
<Content>Clean        The bathroom  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Oyster4
<Content>Okay a bit out of the way Booked through Singapore Air Stopover. Stayed one night while in transit. The hotel is a bit out of the way if you are here for a short time on an extended layover. The room itself was very small and smelled as if someone had been smoking in it. It was okay for what it was. The nicest thing was the LCD TV. The staff were friendly. If I were to do it again I would of booked at the Crown Plaza which is connected to Terminal 3 and saved myself a couple hours of sleep before the flight.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>russiabear
<Content>ok hotel. value for money given the location. stayed 2 nights in a superior room. comes in 4 themes, Chinese, Indian, Malay, and Modern. dont ask me which one my room was themed after, i dont know any different.value for money: price is just about right, given size of room, quality of room and location of hotel.hotel room: size is just a little small, but that's ok given that its not a room to be enjoyed but to sleep in. they have cable tv (korean, japanese, sports, news, etc) and LCD tv so that's pretty cool.toilet: no bath, just shower. however, the toilet gave out a stink smell. not very obvious if you leave the door open and aircon turned on. but if you are in the bathroom, you can smell the stink. maybe its just my room, or those that are connected to the same faulty plumbing.internet access: free! that's a plus point. and when you check in, they ask if you know how to use it, and if you have a laptop, they will offer you a LAN cable for connection. of course, you would have to return it or they will charge it to your room, haha.distance to nearest MRT station: not too good. have to walk quite a distance, as it is smack right between the 2 nearest stations.getting a taxi: not many taxi drivers know about this hotel, as its not very well known yet. even if it is probably the ONLY hotel in these parts. since a majority of drivers are chinese, if you can tell them the chinese name (which is nothing like link hotel, duh!), they can probably relate to it better. of course, showing the map of the hotel location might help a bit.nearby food and convenience kiosk: 5 stars! the famous tiong bahru food court (upgraded to a 2-storey building recently) and a few seafood restaurants are just a walk around the block. one seafood restaurant turned me off. i waited 30 min and then checked with the waitress, only to find that the food will take another 30 min. i left at that point. moral of the story: ask before you sit down how long it will take for your orders to be served. and next to the food court is a 7-11 24-hour convenience outlet. next to the 7-11 is a nice little restaurant that sells shanghainese food, like small dragon steamed buns, fried rice cakes, etc.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Injenue
<Content>Nice boutique hotel Stayed there for 5 nights. The rooms were nice and clean and the place was pretty. Location was very good and central in Singapore.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>david988
<Content>A cozy stay with Link Hotel Early this year I made a short business trip to Singapore from Taipei, and found myself in a new and comfortable stay with Link Hotel. Among other things, the room was clean and cozy, and the people were friendly. The small pub was nice too, and to my surprise they had an interesting collection of red wines.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>kipper084
<Content>Boutique or Bijou? We stayed two nights at Link Hotel, mid week in April. The hotel is spotlessly clean and the rooms are well furnished and comfortable. A nice range of complimentary toiletries were supplied in the bathroom.Although the hotel emphasised the themed rooms, we were not given any options.The room was ideal for a couple of nights but would have been a bit claustrophobic for any longer. If you require an extra bed or would need a travel cot in the room be sure to check out the size of the room as we found it difficult to fit in a travel cotWe had breakfast in the hotel restaurant, which although more expensive than the local eateries. was very nicely presented.The local area is interesting and about a seven minute easy walk from the MRT which is very efficient and can comfortably get you around Singapore in a short time.Overall I would say an ideal short-stay hotel for couples, looking for cleanliness and comfort but not wanting to spend too much time in their room..  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>MalayLady
<Content>Love the comforter Arrived at Link Hotel and was greeted by a friendly bellman who helped open the taxi door and picked up my baggage. Check in was quick and easy, and i was brought to my room by the same bellman who had helped me out the taxi. He told me the Link Hotel got its name from the link bridge which linked the main hotel building with a second building across the road. My room was on the second building and it was a pretty long walk from the lobby. So I would recommend you to request a room at the main building, cuz it would be much much easier.the room was very small, i must agree. but it was clean and the furnishing are new. the bed was comfy with a nice fluffy comforter. the tv had a very limited choice of channels. the bathroom only had a shower, but it is ok for me. the basic amenities are adequate. But i did not notice any theme in my room as other reviewers. However, the bathroom a bit smelly, i suppose it is because of the old pipeworks considering the hotel is an old building.I went for business trip, so i dont get enough time to tour the area around the hotel. anyhow it is situated near chinatown so there are a lot of chinese restaurants and a Tiong Bahru Market nearby. However, through my week's stay at the hotel, i went to Tiong Bahru Plaza, a shopping mall, about 10mins walk from the hotel for dinner. Among Halal eateries available are the common fast food outlets, Mr Teh Tarik and another restaurant at the top floor.All in all, i dont mind to stay at this hotel again, as it was a nice place to stay for a person travelling alone.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>chye82
<Content>Plesant surprise Booked a night stay at the hotel on New Year's Eve. There was a promotion going on and I got the room at SGD $180 for a night stay. Their usual prices per night will be about $220+.Located in the heartlands of Singapore, this is very unusual for a hotel. There weren鈥檛 many problems during check in, front desk personnel are friendly and I got my room relatively fast. Room was a nice surprise. I got the Chinese Theme room, and I really like the d茅cor of the room, especially the lights makes the room looks really romantic. Toilet is clean, though a bathtub will be nice. I am quite surprised that previous reviews about this hotel complained about the size of the room. I find the size relatively decent. Trust me; I have been to smaller rooms in Singapore before. However, I do agree that if I pay $220+ for a night, I will be expecting more. Location-wise I think the hotel is really unique. There are many food stalls just at your door step. There is the famous Tiong Bahru market, famous among Singaporeans, offering cheap and great local food fare. There is also a seafood restaurant located just across the road. The restaurant opens till late, and offer decent quality of seafood. There is also a 24 hour Hong Kong Caf茅 just beside that can satisfy your dim sum cravings in the middle of the night.The hotel is not really accessible, especially for tourists that may not know their way around Singapore well. The hotel is located in between Tiong Bahru Plaze and Chinatown. For tourists, you may need to take a bus or taxi in order to travel to attractions in Singapore. However, if you wish to stay like a Singaporean, there is no better choice then link, as it is surrounded by HDB flats, with market food available easily.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>hawick
<Content>Chic, but need more improvement       Link Hotel Entrance  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>jubilee1874
<Content>Lovely experience       view from bed  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>LPY123
<Content>Interesting location! Having lived in the East all my life, it was great to discover this hotel in Tiong Bahru. I never knew Tiong Bahru is so interesting!The hotel is smacked in the middle of some very good food (loved the steamboat behind the hotel) and cute architecture. Reminds me of my granny's place (torn down now :( ).Booked a superior room. Room is small but neat and clean. I like the size actually. More cosy. The day view and night view is very different. In the day, the room is full of light. At night, the warm, cosy lighting is good to fall asleep in. Maybe because I haven't been to hotel in long time but I like the fluffy blanket. Not like what we have last time, the hospital-like blankets.Just opposite the hotel is a Hong Kong Cafe. Great if you want a bite at night but don't want room service. We wanted to go clubbing but didn't know what bus to take. Asked the conceirge who told us they have shuttle service to Chinatown. Near enough and free also. I think our room was a Malay because of the drawing on the wall, some kampung painting. Maybe next time I'll book again and ask for another theme.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>greenslipper
<Content>horrible experience i stayed 3 nights here, its been a horrible experience. the room is over priced. this hotel has two buildings, i didn't stay at the main building. the walk to my room was really far from the main building. and confusing too. got lost few times. from the main floor, i need to take elevator to the third floor and then walk to the second building, then take the elevator down to 2nd floor (where i am staying) and walk. i would say the walk to my room from the lobby was over 10 minutes. very very inconvenient. not to mention the room is small and the A/C is extremely loud. more like living in a refrigerator. hall way is not nicely done with sound proof. it is a noisy hotel. so are the guests. lots of tour group stays here, i do not recommend business travelers stay here. too loud, lack of good night sleep will stay with you until you check out. this can be the worst hotel i ever stayed in Asia. and its far away from everything, i need to take the taxi whenever i need to go out. just too inconvenient. never again i will stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	1	

<Author>Boris04
<Content>Overpriced and small rooms This hotel is very poor value compared to other better known and better situated hotels in Singapore. But even more disappointing is the size of the 'Superior' room. I think the management have confused 'boutique' with 'compact'.One of the features of Asian hotel rooms has been their generous size, but this was the smallest room I have stayed in in Asia, irrespective of the price.I mentioned this to the duty manager on checkout, but he was defensive and I was left with the impression that he thought my opinion was worthless.There were other irritants such as their advertised internet not being available for the whole of our one day stay ('server down' - it takes more than 24 hours to fix? In Singapore?), and no morning paper. Only a small thing, but expected at these prices.It was amusing when I mentioned these matters to the duty manager on checkout. He said yes, we have internet, to which the checkout clerk whispered out of the side of her mouth 'it's down', and then, when I mentioned about the paper, another whisper out of the side of her mouth 'on request'!.All of this is a pity really because the area where the hotel is situated has a certain calmness to it after the hurly burly of other parts of Singapore, and presents another aspect of Singapore that many tourists will enjoy. The areas 'coffeshops' and the food that they serve is well worth a visit. I wouldn't mind staying in this area again, but not at the Link at these prices, and not in a room that size in any hotel in Singapore.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	3	4	3	-1	1	

<Author>ysouk
<Content>Overpriced Hotel This is one of the newest hotel and also the biggest boutique hotel (280 rooms) in Singapore. However, one of the wing of the hotel is not ready yet, hence there are probably only 100+ rooms at the moment.You are able to choose from rooms of four ethnic themes. However, there is not much difference in the rooms except in the basic decor. The rooms had been renovated so it is completely different from the public housing blocks it is using.Had some problems with the check-in but was sorted out promptly. The manager was a bit snobbish too. The staff at the reception needs to improve on their service.Was not told there was a promotion for foot massage at the hotel. Had to ask a male staff at the reception for it in the evening. He was pretty rude and was only willing to give me one voucher despite I was staying with someone. Was able to get the vouchers from another lady.The staff for check-out was also not friendly too. Command of English was not good. The staff asked if I took anything from the fridge but the funny thing was that the fridge was not stocked and there is nothing for me to take.Found it strange that the reception had four-five staff at times and on other occasions there was only one staff.Overall, a number of staff (especially those at the reception) at the hotel was aloof. Only the chambermaids and a male staff (wore spectacles) was friendly. The male staff greeted guests every time he see them.The hotel is located at Tiong Bahru estate, you are actually living in the heartlands. The hotel is near a lot of nice eateries and is near to the Tiong Bahru market where you can try out local food at affordable prices. You can check out the seafood restuarant opposite the hotel. It is known for its seafood and pork ribs.Location is quite ok but it is a bit far from the MRT stations. You need to walk 10-15 mins to the nearest station (Outram or Tiong Bahru) or you can take a bus (2-3 stops away) too. The hotel is quite near to the business district as well as Chinatown. 5-10 mins drive away.There is a Cheers store at the hotel where you can buy your daily necessities and there is also a Japanese restaurant at the hotel. Room is really small and the bed is ok. Bathroom is small and there is no bathtub.There is a LCD TV in the room but very limited channels. No movie channels. There is not much view from the room too. The room does not provide bathrobe, slippers and the toiletries are lousy too. The fridge was empty. No problem with that as I dun usually get anything from there.There is no gym or swimming pool. Basically, there are no facilities at all. The roof top terrace is also not ready yet. The link bridge is not ready too.Price paid (S$230.39) is way too expensive for the location, and for the quality of the room. No breakfast is included for this price. Suspect the hotel is meant for tour packages as I saw lots of guests (mainly from China and India) checking in at various timeOverall, it was a very very disappointing stay. At this price, you can get a hotel in orchard or at a much better hotel around the area with full hotel facilities and breakfasts. Do check out my other reviews.The hotel did provide green apples for guests which I thought was one of the few positive points of my stay.Understand that the hotel is still at soft launch but at these prices, I expect something better. Can still hear drilling and knocking in the noon time.Believe the hotel claims to be 4* hotel but it is more like a budget hotel. You are better off staying at budget hotel which may have a better location and cheaper prices.If you do stay at the hotel, do check out the foot massage parlor near the lobby. It is quite good. The prices for the massages are decent and the staff are friendly too.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	4	1	4	3	

<Author>Titelverteidiger
<Content>Guter Standard       Zimmer  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Vincentius
<Content>Im Link werdet ihr gelinkt   showReview(17519843, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	1	-1	

