<Author>luxnomad
<Content>One of the good things in life If you are looking for quality as well as history and authentic charm, go for this property. it will be up to you to avoid the long bar but to make sure that you turn up early for breakfast and enjoy the beauty of the big room. it will also be up to you to catch a quiet moment in the sun in the courtyard rather than getting sucked into the high end boutiques on the property, And the Sunday brunch that we had...... fantastic.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ExpatinCairo
<Content>Colonial Class We stayed here from the 23rd to the 26th Dec. This was our first time in a hotel on Xmas Day and we were not disappointed. We stayed in a Palm Court Suite which has 2 x Queen Beds with a separate small lounge area and large bathroom. This was perfect for our family as we have 2 young children. These suites look onto an enclosed large grass area so we were able to sit outside our room (which was on the ground floor) whilst the children ran around and played on the grass.This is not like staying in a modern 5 Star Hotel. It really is old style class. The Butler service was excellent and did lots of extra's for us without having to ask like putting a Xmas Tree in our room, stockings for the children etc., Being in the lobby listening to a choir of 120, singing carols was special and something for us to remember always.You stay here for the experience and we were not disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>SingaporeSpin
<Content>Tourist Trap! We made a mistake staying here. It is a lovely old building and first impressions are great. However, it quickly becomes clear that the quality of the product doesn't live up to the history or architecture. The staff are friendly but the rooms are old fashioned with obvious problems. The mini bar is thinly stocked, several of the power sockets were not functioning and some of the amenity kits were empty.However the real issue is the dining. Singapore trades heavily on its reputation for great dining and Raffles in particular is fond of quoting Rudyard Kipling ' When in Singapore, feed at Raffles'. Not anymore! The food is overpriced and very very average considering the high prices. The breakfast (at a cost of about US$75 for two) consists almost entirely of eggs and not much more. My husband can't eat eggs so we ended up paying this for essentially a cup of tea and a cold piece of toast. Dinner at The Tiffin was equally disappointing. Approx US$150 for two for a very average, lukewarm curry buffet. We were in and out in 20 minutes. Back home you wouldn't expect to pay more than US$20 for what we ate.This hotel is clearly trading on its heritage and needs to improve its offering.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Taras_Bulba_v_SG
<Content>Disappointing The breakfast served when I was there was definitely not what one would expect of a 5 star hotel, and certainly not an established name such as the Raffles. Waitress serving me was from mainland China and did not speak English (unacceptable when there are so many local Singaporeans and Filipino residents available in Singapore who have been brought up speaking English). Only reason I can see for hiring mainlanders is to take advantage of lower salaries.English breakfast at a colonial-era hotel, but no brown sauce! I now live in Singapore, and all the ingredients needed to create a proper breakfast are available at any local supermarket. Again the hotel was cutting costs.Long Bar- atmosphere spoilt by pop/hip hop music.Bar  Billiard Room- waited 15 minutes without being served, had to go to the bar myself to order a drink. Obviously management are not on top of things.Overall- this is a very elegant hotel. I have been back several times since for drinks in the evening. Unfortunately it is run by the Singapore Government (Raffles Group is owned by a Ministry of Finance-controlled holding company) and while it would be a stretch of the imagination to compare it to the state-run hotels in communist countries, it would certainly do far better in the hands of an experienced hotel management group. Raffles Group could certainly learn from The Dharmawangsa in Jakarta and other stylish hotels in the region.There are plenty of other better run hotels in Singapore, unfortunately they do not have the luxury of occupying a historic site such as the Raffles. One does not stay at somewhere like the Raffles if price is an issue, however I cannot help stating that the standards of service fall far short of what is expected of a SE Asian 5 star hotel.If you really want to stay at the Raffles then do so, but don't get your expectations up with regard to service. This place is run to generate cash flow and they do not really care if you return as they have plenty of business anyway from the large flows of visitors to Singapore.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>caroleek
<Content>A little disappointed We arrived at Singapore Airport and used the Quayside Service which was truly fantastic. Collected as we left the plane and driven for what seemed miles around the airport to a private lounge where we had our own immigration officer. We were offered champagne in the lounge while we waited for them to collect our luggage. After about fifteen minutes we were walked to our waiting car - the luggage was already in the boot!The driver called when we were nearby and we were then greeted at the hotel by our personal 'Butleress'. She took us directly to our suite (The Somerset Maughn suite), where she took our passports and advised us of the call bell we should use and she would be there within five minutes! After unpacking we decided to call her and ask for a tour of the hotel. She did not arrive!! - We found our own way around the hotel which had a huge number of restaurants and bars and a very upmarket collection of shops.Our first meal was local delicacies and was okay though the restaurant was pretty empty and had no atmosphere. The price of wine was very high - food costs reasonable. We then found our way to the Long Bar where we ordered the signature cocktail, Singapore Sling - very disappointing in that it was pre-mixed and the barman just added some ice cubes - at 32 sd very disappointing. We took breakfast the next day in the pool bar and the guy who runs the pool bar was the best thing in the hotel - he was attentive, friendly and yet discreet.We asked our butler (who arrived after pressing call bell and finally resorting to calling reception on the phone) various questions about the hotel - she seemed not to know the layout at all and we were certainly not offered a tour nor run baths or taken to the Long Bar for complimentary drink as other reviewers have stated.Whilst the staff were very friendly we certainly were not made to feel 'special' and they certainly did not know our names.The Tiffin Room's curry buffet was awful. It had good reviews but was no better than the local curry restaurant with less choice, cold and tasteless food. The suite was very nice though quite dark - plenty of room and no free wifi - 6 sd for 30 minutes!In all we enjoyed our stay in Singapore but if we returned we would not stay at Raffles again.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Japan_Gaijin
<Content>Distinctive rooms, great butler service, some problems but easy to overlook This is a very distinctive property and is certainly one of the very best in Singapore. That said it isn't perfect.The rooms and butler service at the property are exceptional.- spacious rooms- retains historical features without feeling antiquated- butlers are very attentive and pay attention to all of the little details (having coffee delivered with your wake up call is a real treat)There are a few issues with the hotel- beds aren't very comfortable. Duvets are very light weight (and air conditioning is difficult to control so it can get cold at night)- service at food and beverage outlets is mixed. Service levels are normal for Singapore (i.e., bad) but not acceptable for a 5-star- rooms could use some tech upgrades (more outlets, newer televisions with better in-room cable)- rooms on lower floors can be noisy -- floors creak loudly when other guests walk aroundAll-in-all this is a great place and staying at the hotel is an experience.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>ShropshireSkiers
<Content>Fabulous hotel       Bed  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>emmjaypee
<Content>Accomodation with class in the old style A wonderful old hotel that is fully renovated. Many rooms are accessed through an arcade and one can sit outside. Wonderful pool and Spa area. Very recommendable.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Nick_From_Manchester
<Content>Fabulous This is one of those must stay hotels on the list of things to do before you die. We stayed in a suite for two nights whilst staying over in Singapore on our way to Bali and were not disappointed. The hotel manages to find the perfect balance between modern creature comforts and good old fashioned tradition. Service is discreet but impeccable and it鈥檚 central location, 5 minutes walk from the metro, makes getting around simple. OK it鈥檚 expensive, but I am glad we did it.You can get some good advance booking rates from the hotel website, if you are prepared to be locked in, with no cancellation.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tholmes
<Content>Raffles Honeymoon My husband and I had a memorable stay during at Raffles during the first leg of our honeymoon in Singapore. The staff was very courteous and provided us with coffee and a temporary room to sleep in when we arrived very early in the morning after a flight from London. We loved Raffles for the atmospheric colonial feel. The hotel never felt busy, and we did not often run across other guests near our room. Room service breakfast was a real treat on the verandah, and the juices were amazing. We had the Indian buffet in the Tiffin Room, and my husband was in heaven. Service in all the restaurants was wonderful. We did ask to change rooms after hearing the music from the courtyard, but the hotel organized this fairly efficiently. The suites themselves are large and lovely with oversized tile bathtubs and beautiful hardwood. The gym and pool are small but very nice, and the atmosphere of Raffles more than makes up for what it lack in amenities. There are newer, slicker hotels than Raffles in Singapore but none that quite match its charm. It was my favorite hotel of the trip (though my husband preferred the more modern Peninsula in Bangkok). Raffles is a great choice for a first-class stay in Singapore if you want to experience colonial charm and a bit of history.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>LondonAsiaphile
<Content>A night (or two) at the museum We spent three nights in a Palm Court Suite on the way back from Bali. The room was just fine, maybe in need of a little bathroom upgrading, but seriously in keeping with the colonial vibes. Lots of treats on offer, from money off vouchers in the stores to a free meal and spa credits, none of which were used or expected - but nice to be asked! Excellent service all round, and a great meal in the chinese restaurant there which we can highly recommend.My sense is that you have to join in at Raffles - it is one of those hotels which has to be viewed as an experience rather than a place to stay. If you want business / typical five star, there are a load of Singapore hotels which can deliver the goods. But if you want to be part of history for a while, Raffles is the one.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TripFan045
<Content>One of the best hotels I have ever stayed in We loved the Raffles. It is one of if not the best hotel we have ever stayed in. It has a great location and is walking distance from a lot of things and the subway in singapore makes it really easy to get around. The suites, the history and the service were awesome. The public dining/bar areas were a little much, too much of a scene, but the pool and private areas were great. We loved it!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cunim
<Content>Yes...it should be on your bucket list... This is a unique colonial property that is well worth a visit once in a lifetime!We stayed for four nights. Major problem with room made a mess of our first night. We booked a Palm Court room (checked chain of emails from the agent to verify). We arrived and were shown to one of the personality suites in a courtyard location (Ava Gardner). Whether it was the right level or not was academic, it was uninhabitable because of lacquer fumes. We asked to be moved before the front desk left the room and were shown to an adequate, but unimpressive courtyard room facing a busy street which had 24 hr construction activity. Had a very bad night.Went down the next night, and were finally shown to a Palm Court room which was extremely nice. Lovely outlook, quiet area and very nice fit out. Take your own iPod and speakers.In subsequent discussions with the front desk we discovered that there was a room adjoining the Ava Gardiner which was being renovated which was the cause of the fumes and that they had left four rooms vacant to deal with it. Clearly they needed to leave an extra one.Overall service was good. Enthusiastic if not skillful. I think our description was cheerfully incompetent. There were, however, some very nice moments. For instance, we were in the habit of having a pre-dinner drink on the balcony with friends, and when they noticed we were using the bar fridge Pringles as nibbles, the next night they were replaced be a small selection of nibbles laid out as our wine was brought. Hand written notes of apology for the room debacle.Dinner in the Grill was superb. The sommelier was exceptional and has a great wine list to work with. High tea in the Tiffin room was lovely and breakfast was nice. Singapore Slings in the Long Bar were much better than expected! The pool was lovely and relatively quiet (about 24 sun beds, but never full, chlorine levels were tropically strong!). The spa was nice with several treatments much approved of by my other half.Concierge was very helpful with tracking down retailers we wanted to visit.But the reason for visiting is simply the buildings and grounds themselves. The restoration work is extraordinary. The history palpable. The museum fascinating.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>nicks1980
<Content>My excitement quickly gave way to disappointment My husband and I are probably one of the few people to have any complaints or give a disappointing review to the Raffles Hotel. For our honeymoon, we did a 2 week tour of SEAsia and our final stop was Singapore. We only booked 2 nights at the Raffles and that was enough. The hotel is absolutely gorgeous and you can feel the history in the air. I loved walking around the grounds and imagining the great writers of the early 20th century doing the same things, staying in the same rooms. The rooms are large and just beautiful. But from the moment we arrived, we felt that service was lacking. Every other hotel that we stayed in during our Honeymoon acknowledged that this was a special treat for us by having a bottle of wine or a flower arrangement in the room. The Raffles not only didn't have the smallest gesture for us, but couldn't even find our reservation in the computer for at least 15 minutes. We finally got our room and spent a nice evening having a Singapore Sling and walking around the shops and the hotel museum. The next morning, we got up and went sightseeing around the town. We returned mid-afternoon, hot, tired, and sweaty and the doorman made us feel like we did not belong there. When we got to our room, it hadn't been remade or anything. The tiffin curry buffet that we had for dinner was quite good, but nothing extraordinary. Maybe we expected too much, but when the rooms cost that much per night we expected perfection. But at least I can say that I stayed in the world famous Raffles Hotel.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>Aussietravellers27
<Content>experience of a lifetime, didnt stay but visited twice on tours I did a tour with Tour East which included High Tea at Raffles Hotel. I had been told it was great but had to do it to find out how good! I would recomend it to any one that asks!I also did the Tour East Tour that included a Singapore Sling at Raffles, I opted out of the Singapore Sling for $29.50,Thought it was over priced. I can understand some one who says having the Singapore Sling as a memorable experience, to note as having done it.Tick it off as been there done that. I can say the same as having just experiencing the aura of The Long Bar and treading on peanut shells as an experience in itself.Can recomend to anyone thinking of doing these tours or others with Tour East. Very professional groupThank you for a wonderful holiday.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rsbta
<Content>Can cross that off my bucket list Staying a night at the Raffles Hotel was on my list of must do things. I was not disapointed. It cost me a weeks salary and I appreciated every second there. So much so that I didn't want to sleep. The room was WOW factor, in fact , the whole hotel was WOW. The staff were very professional. The buffet breakfast in the Tiffin room was to DIE for. I will never ever forget my night at the Raffles. It was nothing less than perfect.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>R&PEngland
<Content>great hotel, but it's all a matter of taste This is a true Grande Dame of a hotel and deserves all the praise it receives. Service excellent, staff fantastic. Book the hotel limo through the hotel and you fast track immigration, a guy waitng for you as you disembark the plane. (but to be fair, most top end hotels in asia offer that). The scale of oppulance and beauty is second to none at Raffles, and although i enjoyed the experience it i did feel like a tourist attraction myself whilst staying at the hotel. The hotel does attract many tourists, and i have to admit that i aalso once visited the hotel for a drink on a previous trip!!The rooms are very colonial and old and very beautiful. The lack of Flat screens etc didn't bother me. Go elsewhere if you want modern hi tech. However, what did slighty irk me was the condition of the room. I appreciate its an old building and the design may not attract that much light into the rooms ( palm or courtyard rooms have small seating area when enetring, before walking through a curtain into bedroom) but the room i was in could have benefited from a lick of paint. Staining and disclouration around door handles and walls from previous guests, rust on the ceiling speakers. Also, the blue curtain separating the entrance sitting/dining area was really frayed and rather tatty, it most ceratinly had seen better days.The other issue that concerned me was the lack of bottled water. Yes, i know that you can drink the water from the tap at Raffles, but filling my glass up with water from the bathroom just didn't feel classy. The staff filled your silver jug of water from the tap on an evening, but i just personally felt i would have liked a bottle by my bedside table. Pool area small, but nice and quiet, and also a less formal alternative to the more formal breakfasts at the tiffin room. Go try Raffles for yourself, you only live once, just don't get too caught up in the spin. Let yourself be the judge of any hotel and not simply the price or other peoples comments. Its a great place, but maybe not for everyone. Five stars ,yes, but for me, im not sure if i would return. That doesn't mean that people who do are wrong or that i'm right, just that hotels are very personal, and even when you are staying in one of the top hotels in the world doesn't mean you always want to return. Thank you for the experience Raffles you were great, but been there, seen it, done it comes to mind which puzzles me as i never get that feeling with say, the oriental in Bangkok or the aman resorts. C'est le vie.Have fun and enjoyRP  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>spaghetti1
<Content>Out of this World! This is simply the best hotel that I have ever stayed at. My wife and I stayed here for 1 night of our honeymoon. We had stayed elsewhere in Singapore for 2 nights then came here the night before flying to Bali. I just wish we had done 2 nights. We stayed in the Charlie Chaplin suite (personality suite) and the room just took our breath away! Stylish, high-tech and colonial all mixed together. Our butler (Bong) arranged a big surprise for us in our room upon returning from a night out. This consisted of rose petal strewn floors, a bubble bath already ran and topped up with hot water until our arrival back at the room, strawberries dipped in chocolate etc. It was a fantastic....and unnecessary extra which just personified the general customer service of the place! When you see the prices initially you will gasp, but trust me it is worth it! It is not often that you will ever be treated like this! I cannot wait to go back to Singapore.....and Raffles particularly!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mahjuf
<Content>wonderful visit Have recently spent five nights at Raffles Singapore everything was wonderful and the staff could not do enough from the moment we arrived to the moment we left.If you have ever thought of staying there go, you won't be disappointed, I even received a gift on my birthday .had read some reviews that said the place needed updating Think they are missing the point read the history.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SXDave
<Content>Pampered by experts       Two of the experts  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>QLD
<Content>Treated like a King and Queen Raffles Hotel in Singapore is just the best ever, my husband and i stayed there for 4 nights, we were treated like royalty, 24 hour butler, nothing was any trouble for anyone, food exquisite, first class service, accommodation superb, value for money, we have already booked to go back, sheer luxury.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sheba14V
<Content>Fabulous Service We stayed at Raffles for two nights on our way home from Bali. The hotel exceeded our expectations in that we thought it might be slightly tired and full of tourists. Although it obviously is a tourist attraction in Singapore, if you are staying there you do not feel overrun as you have access to areas of the hotels that tourists just visiting to see it do not.The service was exceptional and all the staff delightful.The pool is on the roof, and when we were there rarely had more than a handful of people using it.Although the restaurants in the hotel are expensive, it is worth eating there at least once just for the experience.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>crissieb
<Content>Absolutely fabulous!       Outside the room  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tashabrown
<Content>The very best!!! We have stayed in some fantastic hotels around the world but I had always wanted to stay at Raffles. We took the opportunity to combine it with a trip on the Orient Express, a stay in Bangkok and a week in Koh Samui - what can I say - a 5 star holiday all the way but Raffles was the highlight, it was wonderful!!From arrival being whisked out of our limo straight into check in in our suite, being escorted to our choice of restaurant by our own 24/7 butler...nothing was ever too much trouble and every request was met with an obliging smile.The suites are to die for ..2 king beds, a dressing room, bathroom, dining area and lounge plus furnished terrace. The suite was furnished in colonial style with lovely antique rugs and lamps etc etcThe service is amazing. The rooftop pool is delightul and the pool waiter was truly the best I have ever encountered.Forget the Singapore Sling in the Long bar - its horrible just like a fruit punch, but everything else about Raffles is amazing.It is expensive but worth every penny and I would definately return there....oh yes and Singapore is brilliant so modern and clean and dont miss Clarke Quay for the waterfront dining and nightlife  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jody0411
<Content>Hasn't changed a bit - still fabulous ! We stayed 2 nights in Singapore on our way to Bali and chose to stay @ Raffles, as we'd last been there 14 years ago. It looked exactly the same and we loved it. Excellent service, wonderful suites, delicous complimentary Singapore Slings !! Will definately stay there again, hopefully before another 14 years is up !!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cosift
<Content>Exceptional service This historic hotel was completely refurbished in 1991 and the property is kept in immaculate condition. It has retained considerable charm and history (I could almost see a member of the Raj behind every pillar!). The service is outstanding - and many staff are able to address you by name when they see you around the hotel. They are extremely polite and courteous and very helpful.The hotel is expensive, but well worth it. Every suite (all rooms are suites) has fresh flowers and the fruit bowl is kept full throughout the day. The suites a very large (each with with its own parlour), ample products in the bathroom, very deep bath, and one of the few hotels where the bath robes are changed every day.Each suite has a Butler who is very helpful and prompt in appearing when called. The service at the Tiffin Room is extraordinarily good with enough staff to be able to attend to your every need without being too intrusive. (Such as being there to seat you each time you return to your table and to replace your napkin).There was one and only one negative and that was the regular pianist who played a grand piano in the lobby each night. His choice of music was not in keeping with the place and rather too virtuosic - the Sunday night pianist was excellent with peaceful background music which suited the ambiance of the hotel in general.There is an excellent pool (on the 3rd level) and spa.The main door is constantly manned and usually only guests of the hotel are allowed into the lobby area. All private areas of the hotel are accessed by guest key. It is truely a very relaxing and private experience - with outstanding everything!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DebbieCakes
<Content>An Institution and quite rightly so       The long bar  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pindsvineparret
<Content>Raffles is a must try When in Singapore a stay at the Raffles is a must. It is seldom to see a grand old hotel flousih as well as the Raffles does. And it is not without reason. The property is in excellent shape; refurbished but still very authentic. Service is very attentive, but they do miss a few small things, the closet cabinet creeked, they were told, and nothing happended. They also missed a wake-up call (although it turned out to have no consequence).Also, the resturants leave something to be desired. Fantastic interior, but the Tiffin Room can seem quite commerical (but dislike buffets in general). The Raffels Grill is magnificantly set, but the food is OK without any wow at all, while the wine is (as expected) on the expensive side, All this aside, a Raffles experience is unique compared to most hotels in the world. And it is still a step above the many other good hotesl in Singapore (e.g., Four Seasons, Fullerton, Shangri-La) where I stay regularly when on business.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>EtherealKotuku
<Content>Does a raspberry sound have a phonetic spelling? I just stayed at Raffles for 1 night while passing through Singapore in transit.It must be said that Raffles is an institution, and a very famous one at that. Going to Singapore and not going to Raffles would be like going to Paris and not going to the Eiffel Tower: you know there are better things to do with your time and money but would somehow feel cheated if you didn't cross this off your list in your limited time away from home.The bedroom was okay. It was attractively decorated with dark wood floors and colonial furniture. Most of their rooms are off of exterior corrirdors so they tend to be quite dark. The bathroom however had some considerable mildew and the shower was built for someone shorter than 5 and a half feet. It also leaked a large amount of water onto the bathroom floor so the bathmat was wet upon exiting the shower.My main beef with Raffles however is the price, which is approaching extortion for the value you claim from it. Or more aptly, the value you don't claim from it. The Singapore Sling was apparently invented at Raffles and everyone that stays is of course encouraged to try it. Not having previously been to the Long Bar, I naively had grand colonial visions of people dressed in white linen under lazy fans and potted palms. Instead I was disappointed to find a carpet full of crushed peanut shells in yet another dark room. The price for 2 forgettable cocktails? $50. The rest of our stay followed suit. If you stay at home, turn off the lights, crush some peanuts into your carpet and drink Hawaiian punch through a straw, you can have a similar experience.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>3	1	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Yibbert
<Content>Nice but a little over priced This is one of those hotels that is truly unique, however with the uniqueness comes a sence that you are actually staying in a bit of a tourist destination. The bar is nice though, but again bit of expensive and very touristy. But i enjoyed it none the less. Hotel is lovely and i could not fault anything. As mentioned in some of the reviews the facilities are not fantastic but they are grand. But in this price bracket you are looking for more than pretty good!.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>jrr3087
<Content>Without doubt one of the best hotels in the world! Its simple. This is one of the best hotels in the world - you MUST stay in this hotel.I can honestly not complain about a single aspect of this hotel, everything was quite simply perfect! I agree this is an expensive hotel however I am more than happy to pay for the outstanding service and quality of food which we consistently received.It is a tourist attraction and rightly so because it has a place in history in Singapore, the hotel deals with this by having resident areas that are very well managed and make you feel like your in your own home.Excellent location, excellent staff... outstanding memories - we will most certainly return!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WellTravelled99
<Content>Step back in time with Raffles Raffles is the oldest hotel in Singapore which is its main attraction. So if you dont mind the small CRT TV's, a useless internet service, a gym which is very small and a small swimming pool, then this is the place to stay. Besides the lack of tecjnology, the only other gripe is with the key system which is required to access the residents only areas- the place is inundated with tourists. The key system failed intermittently which necessitated long walks to the reception in public areas.Otherwise, it is very well located in the colonial district and the service is very good. It has many restaurants on site ans surrounding it.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	5	1	

<Author>PerthTravelover
<Content>Raffles Pure Class We stayed at the raffles in December 2007 and it was the absolute highlight of our holiday before we moved onto other parts of Asia.We booked one night at the Raffles knowing full well that we would be paying through the nose. The hotel staff are very friendly, check in was smooth, and the room was pure class. The swimming pool is lovely, although a little small, but location is fantastic. It's nice to lounge around the pool and be waited on by the bar staff. Obviously drinks and food are pricey, but that's the Raffles for you. We loved the old charm of the hotel, and how everything has been beautifully restored. This is the hotel to stay at for names sake, and also for a once in a lifetime opportunity. We would definitely come back.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ClassyLad
<Content>Splendour in Singapore.       Verandah outside room  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>louisse
<Content>disappointed we arrived and were not greeted at all and had to find someone to check us in. the room we found to be very dark and we needed lights on constant. the fact that there were birds flying in and out including into the tiffin room was very offputting. this is the first 5 star where no tea /coffee making facillities were available and we found the food and drinks dreadfully overpriced. maybe we were unlucky byt i wouldnt rave over it in fact we much preferred the service etc of the shangri la. we have travelled far and wide and find it hard to believe some of the reviews. i mean a we cant be the only ones who found it funny there was a dress code and bird s pooping in the hotel and restaurant,. sorry but not impressed.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	3	3	3	

<Author>AnnieHerts
<Content>Overpriced Nice hotel, nice rooms but overpriced - you obviously pay for the name but probably worth staying there once for the experience  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Deshi2
<Content>Heavenly........ We stayed at Raffles in June 2006, when attending a conference at the Suntec Centre, which is very close by. We fell in love with it and have been looking for any excuse to return ever since. We finally made it in late February 2008 and nostalgia had not distorted our memories. From the moment you step from the car you feel welcome. No need to scrabble around in your pockets for passports etc.; check-in is in your suite; once that's done, your luggage will have rejoined you and it's time to relax. As many reviews have already said, there is a feeling of history and timeless elegance about the place; and despite being in the middle of a busy part of town, within the hotel grounds there is a feeling of tranquility. Although it is a prominent landmark in the city, they have been very careful to strictly limit non-resident access to the majority of the grounds and we were surprised how few other guests we encountered when not in the restaurants or bar area, despite the hotel being quite full. The staff are incredibly attentive, helpful and polite; nothing is too much trouble. There is a rooftop pool and an adjacent gym (small) and spa. The pool and gym are open 24 hours. The spa is not state of the art; but it would be incongruous if it was. Instead the therapists rely on their skills which are superb.The Raffles Hotel Plaza is also worth a look around. We had suits made at Coloc on the 2nd floor (=1st floor UK) and highly recommend it for service, price and quality. If I really had to nit pick, these are my criticisms1) the Tiffin Indian restaurant (which we visited last time) was disappointing. The food is buffet style, in rich sauces, and was not as tasty as the smells eminating from the restaurant would suggest2) The Courtyard restaurant is lovely (particularly recommended is the Singapore chilli crab) but in the evening there is a singer crooning Sinatra-esque ballads. Unfortunately the PA system is poor, and set too loud, leading to a distorted and overpowering racket which ruins the atmosphere.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Stefanovic
<Content>Raffles - The Best Hotel in the World ! During January  February we stayed at the Chedi in Muscat, The Observatory in Sydney, Palazzo Versace on Brisbane's Gold Coast, Hamilton Island's beach club, and finally Raffles. Raffles was simply head and shoulders above the others, word's cannot do justice to this great place, I think you have to experience Raffles for yourself, even if it's for one night.... We stayed 4 nights in a Courtyard suite @拢306 per night including breakfast in the Tiffin room. Everything about this hotel is first class, you are absolutely treated like royalty from the moment you arrive to the moment you leave. The period suite was a gem, seperate 'parlour' with dining area, comfy chairs and writing desk. Forget sending postcards, send letters using the Raffles retro stationary. The butlers call button in the parlour (I kid you not) was answered within 5 minutes and the delightful staff attentively dealt with any request.The Long bar and customary Singapore Sling is a bit touristy but it's better when it's on the house (nice surprise) and as a guest you are made to feel special. Got the obligatory Tiffany bracelet and ring for my wife Shaney as it was Valentines day and had a lovely Valentines dinner in the Grill. The absolutely superb piano playing and occasional gospel singing by 'Jimmy' which echoed around the restauraunt was an absolute delight. On our last morning we had breakfast by the rooftop pool (available 1 hour after Tiffin room stops serving) which was served by none other than 'Joe Louis', a very affable fellow ! We did venture out to Long Beach for some tasty Black Pepper Crab but apart from that and a visit to the excellent Mall across from Raffles, we hardly left the hotel. Had a couples exfoliation/steam/jacuzzi  massage in the Spa which was a very romantic affair and was similarly priced to the Chedi. To say that our suite was around 拢40 per night more than the other hotels we stayed on this trip and the Raffles suite was much larger than the others, I thought it was great value. A memorable experience which we'll be looking forward to repeating in the future - we'll be back !!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ABZScot
<Content>Is there a better hotel? Our 4th stay and Raffles just seems to grow on you.Everything is as it should be and the whole experience takes you back to a gentler age.Service is faultless without being overweening.The facilities superb.We particularly enjoyed our spa experiences.The Degustation Meal in The Grill Room -including the sommelier selection of wines- was a top 20 all time best dining experience.The answer to the question ?-NO,in our view Raffles is the best  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AstroLFW
<Content>Christmas at Raffles We stayed at Raffles during Christmas. It was very expensive, but the trip was a gift for us and definitely memorable. The staff is absolutely amazing, their attention to detail is unparalled. The accomodations are huge, with an old World setting yet luxurious. The hotel was magnificently decorated for Christmas. It feels really colonial, which is fun but kind of disconcerting - you feel quite like an imperialist.The morning buffet was terrific, one of the best hotel buffets I've ever seen.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Smaske1
<Content>Shame on you about the sling We stopped at the Raffles Hotel whilst in Singapore to do the whole Singapore Sling experience. The hotel is lovely and the courtyard bar was the perfect location fro the iconic Sling. The only disappointing thing was that the cocktail was poured out of a 5 litre plastic container after a vigarous shake by the barman. My wife said the sling on singapore airlines was as nice if not better - shame on you raffles.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hector1
<Content>A Truly Wonderful Experience       The Tiffin Room  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mac7471
<Content>Travelling back in time We transferred to Raffles after a problem at Raffles The Plaza and spent two nights here in late May. Staying here is a classy colonial experience and we had a truly wonderful time. I'm ashamed to say that, other than a quick 2 hour private tour of the city, we barely left the hotel as it was so fantastic and there was so much to do. The hotel has a lot of facilities and shops and, if you're staying here, make sure you plan in enough time to experience it all. The Long Bar has a great atmosphere and the bakery is good for a quick lunch if you want to avoid the formal restaurants. High Tea in the Billiard Room is much better than Tiffin in the main restaurant (this seems to be aimed at tourists who are not staying at the hotel). Only residents of the hotel are able to access certain areas and the staff keep a watchful eye out to ensure this policy is respected. As Raffles is a tourist attraction as well as a hotel, this is vitally important. Another memorable experience was a midnight swim in the beautiful rooftop pool. The spa was also lovely. Would I deliberately go back to Singapore? Probably not. Would I go back to Raffles? In a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TeBay
<Content>Enjoy old British aristocracy life We stayed two nights at the Raffles in late October before our Pacific cruise began. Wasn't cheap but staying there is an experience in itself. We love the historic nature and nostalgia of being a guest in such a well maintained famous location. The rooms were 19th century British, very large, clean and authentic. Same holds true for the entire resort which encompasses an entire block, a very large block at that. If you don鈥檛 like lots of history and romance of yesteryear don鈥檛 stay there, instead you would be money ahead to lodge in one of the modern high rise glass and steel edifices located in the newer section of the city. It is apparent that the owners of the hotel have a difficult time generating revenues commensurate with the huge amount of real estate the hotel occupies as the hotel itself isn鈥檛 all that large, room wise. So, over the years, they have converted many sections to quality retail outlets, bars and mostly high end restaurants. The only down side was that you could hear the nightlife and band music associated with these enterprises into the evening hours. However, the noise was cut off by 10:00 PM so it wasn鈥檛 all that bad.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>godfatherMallorca
<Content>The ONLY place to stay! I have a home in Singapore, so for many years I never had to use a hotel in the city. However, when running a conference last year, I decided to join the VIP guests and try it out.I remember Raffles when it was a charmingly-tatty old place, with staff that may well have been recruited by the Sarkies, when they built the joint. When it was 'renovated' I sidelined it as even a place to recommend to friends, on the grounds that it looked like a well-disguised shopping centre with rooms.I WAS TOTALLY WRONG. This may be the best hotel in the world. If you want a taste of 'colonial' living, with none of the obsequiousness that the word suggests, you simply have to go here. Even if you don't particularly like Singapore, go here. Before you die, fellow trippers, go here.If you want super-trendy, stay away. If you want up-to-the-moment decor, stay away. If you want a cool pool-scene, and an in-house disco, give it a miss.There's absolutely no point in going into details beyond that. The amazing staff and the look and feel of the place are unique. There's nowhere else on earth I prefer...with the possible exception of Singita or Londolozi in S.Africa, but then the criteria are different there.Here's the kicker: my much-travelled son is ten, and it's HIS favourite place in the world as well.Some of the bars and restaurants are better than others, and none of them is The Best Place in Town...but Singapore is full of brilliant food and booze, so who cares? Raffles has the knack of making you feel like the only guest in the place, or at least the most important.I'm seriously thinking about selling my house, and moving in here.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HiIslandsGuy
<Content>In a class of its own The Raffles Hotel in Singapore is set on beautifully landscaped grounds in the midst of the city, but the service, the ambience, and the style instantly transport you to another world.Guests access their suites through private walkways. Smiling staff greet you along the way. A valet stays with you in the room for a while to make sure everything is just so...let me test that Internet connection with your computer...let me get your shoes shined....do you need any dinner reservations?The suites are beyond spacious. The hotel has a long history, but it has been well restored and feels fresh and meticulously maintained. The suites are equipped with Bose CD players, two televisions, a very comfortable sitting area, a dining area, a bath and a shower. There is fresh fruit and fresh cut flowers. The hotel has many restaurants to choose from, both within the main building and the attached shopping arcade. When Singapore deals out rainy weather, you still have a wide variety of dining options without getting wet. I particularly like Doc Chengs for its unique menu, its exquisitely executed dishes and its aimiable, efficient service. The breakfast buffet in Tiffin is not to be missed.Of course, all of this comes with a price tag, but I still found it to be good value for what I received. My stay ended all too soon.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KL_Sue
<Content>Wonderful Colonial Experience If you are looking for a classy colonial experience then Raffles will provide it. The rooms are huge and their decoaration refects the history of the place. Fantastic ambience and atmosphere. The hotel is still well located for shops/restaurnats/bars. However, as a regular visitor to Singapore, I would recommend to stay at this hotel only once for the unique experience as there are far cheaper five star hotels with better facilities than Raffles. For example, its sister hotel 'Raffles Plaza' - a modern version providing the same high standards but with fantastic gym and spa etc. Do not go the Long Bar - its a toruist trap. Go to the Billiards Bar for the colonial experience. We ate at the main restaurnat (can't remember the name) and was sorely dissapointed - the food was seriously average and grossly over-priced.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Colin_from_NY
<Content>Unique and priced as such The Raffles is one of those names that evokes a certain set of images associated with imperial grandeur. It lives up to this image in many ways. The imposing Indian doorman, the bar, decor and ambiance in many way make up for the fact that this hotel is 50% more expensive than other local five star hotels. Great to visit once but hard to justify a second time, given the local competition.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>jill54
<Content>colonial splendour It was a lifelong desire to stay at the famous Raffles Hotel and we were not disappointed. From the moment we stepped out of our limousine to be greeted by our personal butler Grace and other staff , our whole stay was one of sheer luxury and superb service. We had a suite in the Courtyard and this consisted of a lounge/dining area opening into a very large bedroom with a huge comfortable bed and then a dressing area and large bathroom all the rooms were beautifully decorated in white with dark wood colonial style furniture, everything you could need was provided for including a daily bowl of fresh tropical fruits, constant supply of iced water, newspapers and of course the service of your own personal butler who was at hand at the touch of a button. We breakfasted in the hotel each morning and took high tea/tiffen in the afternoon, we also ate in the Empire cafe on two occasions, the food in all the restuarants was first class, and the service second to none. We drank the customary Singapore slings in the famous Long Bar. Yes it was expensive but it was a most wonderful experience and we would not have missed it for the world.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WoodDeepthought
<Content>Truly Great Love it, Love it, Love it. They do everything right, all the time. I stayed for the Chinese New Year and the whole Hotel was perfect. I have stayed there three times before and there has never been anything to fault. The staff are probably the best hotel staff in the world. They always remember you even though I hadn't been there for two years. The building is of course also spectacular. Even though you get lots of tour groups coming to look at the hotel this doesn't detract from then place as the staff make you feel that you are special and there are plenty of areas that are not open to the casual visitor. This hotel cannot be bettered and long may they reign as the Best Hotel in the World.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Amanvari
<Content>Colonial Elegance From the time we were picked up in the hotels flagged limousine (Bentley) at Changi airport to our return drop off we experieced the grace and unpretentious style for which this establishment is renouned. The rooms are gargantuan. My only disappointment, though this is typical of the architectural vernacular was that the rooms were a bit dark and gloomy during the day. Upgrade and choose a room with its own verandah and this will be obviated. The curry buffet in the Tiffin room is a must  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Leer
<Content>Old World Charm We just returned from 5 nights staying at Raffles and simply loved every minute of it. The room was huge with 2 double beds which suited us (2 adults and 2 boys aged 7  12). We had a large return verandah and gorgeous view of the inner private garden.Every morning we sat by the pool until 11.30 when it became too hot. The staff were delightful and treated our boys well. My husband and I both used the Spa and had excellent massages by well trained staff. When I asked to book in to have my hair done they explained they do not have anyone for hair appt's on Saturdays but happily booked me into a salon in the Raffles Plaza over the road - they even organised for a butler to collect me from my room and take me there.We found the food of a good quality - especially the curry buffet and service attentive. They called the boys by their names which they loved. I would definitely stay here again provided I could get the same deal (American Express had a special deal - room upgrade and breakfast included).There is a large restaurant precinct nearby (Chijmes) and plenty of shopping. You can reach Marina Square without being exposed to the elements (ie. the heat and/or rain). Taxis are very cheap in Singapore and it cost less than $5.00 to get to Orchard Road. We had no problem with the location at all.As for the Singapore Sling costing 8 Pound - S$20 - not sure about anyone else but everytime I ordered a cocktail in Europe it was 15 Euros!!! In Aussie dollars that is $17 for the Singapore Sling and $35 for a European cocktail. My 12 year old gave Raffles 5 STARS.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mortstravels
<Content>Resting too much on its reputation and watch the cockroaches There is no doubt that this hotel has a huge reputation and looks fantastic. However, there was nothing special about the service or the food. Take away the surroundings and you are not left with much.I found the food in the main restaurant and around the pool to be average and unfortunately disappointing for the price. It was very difficult to see value for money.I was also slightly concerned at the size of a cockroach that scutled past my dinning table from the kitchen !  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>AimeG
<Content>Old school glamour? The Raffles has an amazing reputation, but you have to remember it is also the oldest hotel in Singapore so don't expect super modern facilities. The suites were like going back in time, with antique furniture, really beautiful but also an almost antique TV. The staff were sometimes overbearing by not letting us cary our small bags to the room. Can't they understand that you don't want your bags to get lost on the way to the room especially if they are no problem to carry? We had a Singapore Sling at the Long Bar as it's the thing to do there but beware they cost 拢8 each! The location is great for shopping, sightseeing etc. But I think next time I go to a modern and vibrant city in Singapore I will stay in a more modern hotel.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>paultea
<Content>The finest hotel in the world The title says it all. It has everything a traveller needs and nothing he doesn't. Stay here at least once in your life--though we're already planning our return trip!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Belly2007
<Content>would stay here again if we can afford it! We had our wedding at Raffles Hotel and so were given 2 nights free stay at their Ava Gardner room. It's really like being in a different world! The rooms are decorated in late 19th century style without sacrificing comfort. The room was huge, with a separate reading area. Their bathroom was also divided into 2 areas - the sinks (2, one for me and one for hubby! ) and the inner showers and bathtub. The toiletries were heavenly, straight from their world famous Amrita Spa. I can't really describe everything, all I can say is that you have to experience it once in your life! The downside is that the hotel is quite a walk from public transport (we obviously can't afford to take cabs all the time) and the lobby guy who opens car doors was a bit condescending coz when we arrived at the hotel, he actually asked me, Are you sure you have the right hotel ma'am? There's another Raffles hotel across the street. That 'other' Raffles hotel was the Raffles Plaza, a lot cheaper than the Raffles Hotel. Anyway, complained to the manager and they apologised for it.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>GeordieLass19
<Content>Well worth the visit Stayed at Raffles Hotel for two nights after a three-week tour of the Far East. A long time ambition, we finally decided to make our 40th Wedding Anniversary special with a visit to Raffles. We were not disappointed. Absolutely loved the place, the ambiance, the food, the staff, the swimming pool - everything about it was exceptional. If you are looking for a hotel with marble, glass and all mod cons - go somewhere else. If you want understated elegance, teak floors, oriental carpets, antique furniture and a hotel with an ambiance, character and soul, then stay at Raffles. It is an experience like no other.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Msafiri1
<Content>Fabulous, and fabulously expensive Stayed for one night on our way home from Australia and were totally seduced by this hotel. Singapore can be a bit soulless but Raffles Hotel is a fantastic retreat from the city. Having spent a few hours doing the usual sightseeing, we ended up feeling that we should spend more time in the hotel enjoying its facilities (including a lovely swimming pool) and less time pounding the humid streets.It is very expensive but for a short stay, thoroughly worthwhile.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RobM74
<Content>Fantastic, relaxing stay at Raffles We stayed at Raffles Hotel, Singapore for three nights in mid-June before moving on to Malaysia. Having heard how clean and efficient Singapore was I was expecting great things of both the country and the hotel and wasn't disappointed.We arrived early morning and were immediately whisked away to our room where the check-in took place. The room was excellent, spacious, relaxing and well-appointed. The rooms themselves may seem a little dated with little update of modern technology (eg. no flat screen tvs, Ipod docks, etc) but this was very much in keeping with the style of the hotel and appeared appropriate. The bathroom was huge with a separate bath/shower/toilet area and two sinks in the main bathroom.As we were only in Singapore for three nights we had an action packed itinerary and therefore only ate in the hotel on the first night at the courtyard restaurant where the food was great.During our stay there the staff couldn't do enough for us, on the one morning we were late getting up and so missed the breakfast time. However, when we arrived at the restaurant to ask where else we could eat they opened the restaurant back up for us and provided us with breakfast straight away without even a second thought. This is just one example of how the staff would go out of their way to help us.Overall we had an amazing stay there and would love to go back again.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>AnjaH
<Content>One of the best hotels in the world This hotel definately does not deserve the not overly enthusiastic reviews it has received recently. My husband and I have stayed several times at the Raffles which absolutely makes it to the top 3 of our favourite hotels in the world. HOTELThe Raffles has a certain charm and atmosphere that is rarely found in city hotels. The rooms are very comfortable, very spacious and equipped with everything needed. Also, don't miss the top floor pool. Being a famous hotel there are often many tourists, espically at the bar getting a Singapore Sling (the bar at Raffles is supposedly where the drink was invented), but fortunately many of the hotel areas are restricted to residents only.The hotel has a great restaurant next to the lobby but dont forget to bring a shirt and a tie (dress code). The breakfast served at another restaurant near the lobby is excellent and offers a large variety of delicious dishes. The service is spotless and friendly without being overwhelming. LOCATIONThe hotel is not situated in the heart of the city center but does have Orchad Road within walking distance. In Singapore transportation is cheap and you can get a taxi to downtown city center for a small amount. RECOMMENDED?Absolutely! I can't wait to come back.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lis-lis
<Content>Opulent, unique, but far from everything I am staying two nights currently. I know the hotel from short visits, and have always wanted to stay there. I arrived at a peak period, so all Singapore was charging high rates, but the Sing $950/nt felt costly.  I expected a lot. I got it.  The staff are excellent, the suites are classically thoughtful and opulent, and the grounds are exquisite. It really has the turn of century (c19-c20) feel, but updated. To get to Orchard Road shopping is ten minutes by taxi, and the same for most other tourist destinations, though.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WTRCA
<Content>Not a place to relax! Discrimination against visitors At first everything was fine if not great.But believe it or not, they do not allow Bermuda shorts in the lobby area. We knew it until the 4th day of the stay when a rude (maybe drunk) porter approached us on our way to the Long Bar. We were asked to leave the lobby as soon as possible even we were just greeted with a big smile from the doorman. At the same time, we saw a couple of guests sitting 20 feet from us with shorts chatting loudly, and the porter was fine with that. As we were late for a party, we later took the case to the management and was told that they do have this dress code, but they will be flexible with hotel guests. So I guess it was our fault not to identify ourselves whenever someone tried to approach me. I just could not imagine something else to wear after a long day of conference and the air was 100+ degrees.And, if you're here just for the over-rated Singapore sling, be prepared to dress up as you don't have the privilege to relax.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>asinglman
<Content>Beautiful building, terrible hotel I have known about the Raffles Hotel since I was a kid, and was excited to stay there when I was in Singapore last week. Unfortunately, due largely to the hotel's incredibly rude and arrogant staff, this was a horrible experience -- I left and went to the Mandarin Oriental, which was great.I've stayed in luxury hotels all over the world, and am happy to say that I've never experienced anything like this before -- the staff treat you like you don't deserve to stay here!You should by all means visit the Raffles to see the beautiful restored building. A great building, however, doesn't make a great hotel.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>1	2	4	5	4	3	1	3	

<Author>OHTravelerOntheRoad
<Content>Families Not Allowed. Regardless of the The Plaza's other qualities, I was shocked that the hotel would not allow me and my wife to stay with our two daughters, even though rooms with two double beds were available. I called Raffles directly. They confirmed that they limit occupancy to 3 people per room. Interestingly enough, they did offer to make an exception if I booked the Presidential Suite for $3,000 (SGD)/night!A poor execution of a policy that is diminishes Raffles.  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WineSnobLondon
<Content>Doesn't stand up to detailed scrutiny I had stayed at raffles on previous occasions but only for one night at a time. My wife and I were looking forward to a three day stay there, from which we have just returned.You cannot fault the location, the scale and quality of the rooms, but when it comes to service standards have really dropped.A nice touch had always been the welcome back to Raffles note. I know it's out of a database, but this time they slipped up and assume it was our first visit. This clearly had our valet flustered from the outset.The bar in the room was warm. A request to have it fixed was meant to get it sorted but the only obvious difference was that the door stuck - still luke warm beverages.On the first morning it took three requests to get coffee at breakfast, two requests to get juices delivered (and the wrong ones turned up anyway) and napkins arrived only as an afterthought.On return to our room re pressed the service button to request that a garment be pressed. After 30 minutes I gave up and called the front desk. No activity for 10 minutes so I called again and asked if this was normal.The final straw was at 17.00 on the first day when the key to our room failed and we got locked out. The problem was met with nonchalance. At this point I called the duty manager and he accepted that there were shortcomings. He offered us a free meal as recompense and managed to get the fridge changed.Next morning at 5.30 am our doorbell was rung by the concierge staff. I woke but did not respond. Following a scuffling of feet noises were then heard from above - it was clear they had gone to the wrong floor.Later that afternoon my wife was in the bath. I was sitting in my boxers and the bell rang again and the door was swiftly opened from the outside - a maid going to the wrong room!The hotel is a delightful building but is a tourist trap. It's overrun with camera happy snappers and this rubs off on the staff who are off hand and disinterested.My advice:Go to the Shangri-La, which is much less expensive, the service is impeccable and with the money you save, treat yourself to a meal in Blu - a fantastic restaurant at the top of the hotel with stunning views of the city.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>TheTravellingGourmet
<Content>Samurai Chef at Raffles! MASTERCLASSES by famous chefs are always nice to attend and they keep mu culinary skills finely honed. Recently, on 10th February 2007, I attended a masterclass by 2 Michelin Star Chef Thierry Marx as part of Raffles Hotel's Annual Wine, Food  Arts Experience. Raffles is the grande dame of Asia and is 120 years old this year. I learned how to cook Mousse Chou-Fleur-Ang which is cauliflower mousse inside a chicken fillet rolled up like cigars and deep fried. It is enjoyed dipped into cauliflower mousse spiked with passion fruit and fizzy Espumas. Next, came his signature dish of Risotto de Soja Aux Truffles which has NO Arborio rice at all. Instead, we have bean sprouts! They are cut to resemble rice grains, and then made in to a risotto with mushrooms, cream, white wine, shallots, Mascarpone cheese plus diced oysters brunoise. Topped with thin sliced black truffles, it was the most unusual risotto I had ever tasted. For a sweet finish, I learned how to make dessert of Gingerbread  Candied Sweet Potato, Potimarron Squash Ice Cream and Bitter Cocoa Flakes. First came the gingerbread with honey and grated orange zest for that aromatic flavour, then the ice cream was concocted with sweet potato, butter, sugar and milk. Finally, sweet potato sliced thinly was soaked in sugar syrup. Et voila! Over lunch with Chef Thierry with Mischief  Mayhem 2005 Pinot Noir from Burgundy, we exchanged culinary experiences. I was startled to learn that 42 year old Thierry is a vegetarian. A lot of 1, 2 and 3 Michelin Star Chefs like Paul Bocuse and Philippe Legendre are my good friends, and it is the first time I have met a Michelin starred chef who is a vegetarian. I asked him, 鈥淲hat is the strongest influence on your cuisine?鈥?Thierry replied without hesitation, 鈥淛apanese Kaiseki Ryori cuisine from my 3 years in Japan.鈥?As wine is always close to my heart, I enquired, 鈥淲hat is your favourite wine?鈥?He came up with a politically correct answer, 鈥淐hateau Lynch-Bages.鈥?You see, Thierry鈥檚 restaurant is located in Chateau Cordeillan-Bages in the Chateau Lynch-Bages estate in Pauillac. 鈥淐hampagne?鈥?Chef Thierry said, 鈥淏ollinger and Salon..鈥?On the subject of the coveted Michelin Stars which has even driven Chefs to suicide, I probed gently, 鈥淗ow did you feel when you got your first 鈥渕acaron鈥? Thierry was frank and open when he explained, 鈥淚 was happy鈥ut I live for cooking鈥ot Michelin Stars.鈥?His cuisine aims to let diners experience differences in textures, temperatures and tastes. To those more used to 鈥渃uisine traditionelle鈥? his eclectic style may be radical and unconventional. However, I would advise those who want to be critical to be careful. Chef Thierry Marx is also an expert in the Japanese martial art of Judo! By Dr. Michael Lim The Travelling Gourmet who is a renowned Travel, Food  Wine Writer/Editor in Asia {:-)  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LAT10258
<Content>Very enjoyable My husband and I stayed here for 1 night recently and very much enjoyed the hotel. We had already stayed in the Ritz Carlton the previous week and the 2 hotels are so different - but both wonderful in their own way. Raffles is a legend, very colonial and one-of-a-kind. Check-in was very straight-forward and we were shown to our room by our personal valet, Fion, who was lovely. We had booked a Personality suite and were given the James Michener suite - a separate parlour, large bedroom, lovely bathroom with double vanities, separate shower and wonderful amenities. As a previous person said they will not supply iron/ironing board due to safety but our valet took 4 items away and they were returned in a couple of hours - not cheap though!Our room overlooked the Palm Court which ws very peaceful but other parts of the hotel were busy and noisy. The main lobby of the hotel is very busy all day with tourists but they are not allowed in in the evening. We dined in the Long Bar Steakhouse - ok, nothing special. Breakfast in the Tiffin room was very good with a large selection and variety but service there could have been a bit better. We certainly enjoyed our visit to this wonderful hotel, are so glad we have experienced it, but if returning to Singapore think we would go back to the Ritz Carlton.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>kathy202
<Content>disapponted Picked up from airport was very disappointed with the room.old fashioned and we arrived late and needing clothes pressing,our butler done them for us as laundry shuts at 7pm.Told that the hotel dosnt have irons and boards due to safety, never heard that, room was spacious very old fashioned.Bed comfortable but with all the rooms having wooden floorswe could hear the people upstairs all the time.Pool was tiny how would it cope.The amount of people that have pictures taken is unbelievableand why i ask myself would you want a singapore sling ina dark bar that peanuts shells are all over i will never knowtaken back alot.Had a meal in the swisshotel next door in Equinox on the70th floor what a view.the food was excellent and staff wonderful.Would come back to singapore people lovely very helpful wouldask you if you looked lost and send you the right way.Shoping mails abundance everywhere and about half the priceof at home all the same shops.Book the restaurant at raffles before as its always busy.kathy oldfield  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>AJ&HTraveltheworld
<Content>Lived up to the hype This hotel was booked for one night only on our way to visit family in Oz. It was meant to be a special treat and it did not dissappoint us. The reception was very welcoming and the luggage was in the room before we were. The room was special, large and spacious and beautifully furnished. My young daughter was treated like a princess and enjoyed every minute. We ate in the long bar and it was surprisingly good value for money. We had searched many sites to get a good deal and it was worth it.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PeteUnitedKingdom
<Content>Didn't shoot a tiger Staying at Raffles is like stepping back in time to a more gentle era where everyone rode a bycycle and shouted out a cheery greeting on passing. Make no mistake though this is an excellent hotel with all the efficiency of today coupled with wonderful Asian hospitality - where do you start - from the moment we arrived and the receptionist came out to the car to greet us by name and then proceeded to show us to our room where 'we can check you in there' the service is second to none. Food excellent despite what some reviewers may think and the whole ambience of the hotel is special. Do not be put off if you are having doubts about staying it will be a memorable experience for all the right reasons. It is an institution but one that works hard at getting it right, if they make a mistake (rare) it is quickly rectified with good grace. Great location, friendly efficient staff, just sell the family silver and get out there in the long bar crunching through the peanut shells.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kama0529
<Content>Lives up to the hype In my opinion, this hotel lives up to the hype...and there is no other place to stay in Singapore. Yes, true, the decor is a little tired, but to me this just spoke about the history of the hotel and added to its overall charm. In addition to this, the service is second to none - and despite the large size of the hotel, it still manages to make its guest feel special and individual. The hotel has a great location - and where better place to sip a Singapore Sling than the infamous Long bar?  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>artydim
<Content>Raffles never disappoints Have stayed at the Raffles on several occasions on route from Australia to Europe and have always loved it. The overriding point about the hotel is that it is very beautiful with great service.Rooms: Very spacious and lovely with a small siting and dining area that is semi closed off from the rest of the room. Most rooms open onto an outdoor corridor that has a table and 2 chairs outside of each room, lovely to sit and sip tea or read a book. Air conditioning very efficient (much like all of singapore!)Bathroom: Large marble bathroom with double basin separate shower and bath tub, well appointed.Room Service: excellent. Have even found my shoes polished and stuffed with tissue paper on my return.Breakfast Room: Good variety but not the best coffee. When they are nto really busy, all the staff in the hotel will address you by name by the second day!Room Service: Not the regular room service, you press a service button and seconds later somebody appears to come come to your room and take your order. As the hotel has a number of restaurants, they can easily track down whatever it is you are after off the normal room service menu.Swimming Pool: one of the reasons i return so often to the Raffles is the swimming pool. It is very beautiful with dark green tiles and a waters edge. Unless there is a heavy down pour, the water is very warm and inviting.Service: exceptional. After checking out, I forgot my wallet in the room and remebered hours later. The swimming pool staff contacted room service and even the management became involved until it was found a couple of minutes later. The manager came up to the pool to return it to me, even though we told them we would collect it from front reception, and not one cent was missing. By the time we left, even the porter knew what happened and told us how releived they were that we found it before we left. Obviously things don't usually go wrong at the Raffles!I will continue to find excuses to stay at the Raffles!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luxuryhound
<Content>Not value for money. We stayed at The Raffles hotel for four nights on our way back from Sydney. On the way out to Australia we stayed at The Oriental in Bangkok, the two hotels did not bear comparison. The service at The Oriental was second to none!Raffles is a good hotel but is also a huge tourist attraction in Singapore and it is this that diminshes the service and ambience for hotel guests.We arrived at midnight having phoned from the airport to inform them that we were on our way. The taxi driver who had just told us that this it is 'the best hotel in Singapore' was embarrassed to have to hoot his car horn several times before anyone materialised to help us.We were shown to our room and told about the 'magic button' that, when pressed, would alert our butler in minutes. The magic had clearly worn off because pressing the button might mean a phone call after about 15 to 20 minutes. We took to calling room service direct. Service at breakast on the first morning was appalling but feedback to staff was worthwhile as they did try to improve,There is wooden flooring throughout the building. This looks great but we were in a ground floor room which meant that we could hear the guests above moving about their room at all hours.The pool bar can cope with simple requests such as a beer or a coke but all food and drinks from their 'speciality. menu come from the main kitchen which takes at least 20 minutes. Don't expect all diners to receive their meals at the same time either! When we ate lunch there the food arrived at different times so that some of us had finished our meal before the others had even got theirs.The pool itself is situated immediately above the main kitchens which means that whilst relaxing in the sun or swimming guests are subjected to the smells of whatever is cooking - we could smell onions, curry, fish etc. Not very pleasant! The hotel needs to decide if it is hotel or a theme park and act accordingly. A stay there is very expensive and not value for money. We will not return.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Jakita
<Content>Not what I expected Stayed here with my family in Oct before going on a 6 day cruise and frankly was disappointed. I had booked a tower wing room for all of us but was offered a garden wing room for an extra fee. I asked to look at both. The garden wing they showed us was very shabby and run down. Certainly not what I had read on this website. The tower wing room was nice but very small. I expected so much more. We had breakfast at the line restaurant which was excellent and the pool area was nice also. The location is too far out for my liking even though the taxi's are cheap and readily available. We stayed at the Raffles Plaza on the way back from cruise and it was so much better. Location was excellent as was the very large room overlooking the whole city with large balcony. I know where I will be staying next time and it certainly will not be the Shangri-La.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alanber
<Content>luxury stopover on way Australia We stayed at Raffles on a two day stopover on the way to Melbourne and we found that the hotel lived up to its luxury reputation.My wife and I found the hotel was a wonderful place to stay and the staff could not do enough for us.A previous review mentioned that the courtyard rooms were dark and they are ,but that is how they were designed years ago to provide a cool room to sleep in and I found the size of the room compared to normal hotel rooms was excellent.If you want great chinese food try the Royal China restaurant on the third floor which is expensive for Singapore but not for the UK.As mentioned this was a stopover but we will come back to Singapore again and we will come back to Raffles.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>risto
<Content>raffles ,sheer luxury! we stayed at raffles on our way back from phuket ,from the minute we arrived until the minute we left we were in 7th heaven .the first sight of raffles is a never to be forgotten moment and it just gets better and better .the staff are friendly and helpful and are justifiably proud of their hotel ,nothing is too much bother .we stayed in a courtyard suite which was truly beautiful,we had a 24 hour valet ,although my husband wouldn't let me test that !the hotel pool and spa suite are lovely ,very refreshing to swim in the rooftop pool at night .the breakfast buffet was huge !5 types of milk alone !the service was unbelievable ,its well worth paying for the breakfast which is very reasonable ,拢13 each at that time .staying at raffles is not like any other hotel , its a raffles experience ,its like taking a step back in time ,a truly elegant place to end a holiday on a complete high ,until the next time !!!!the holiday was booked through virgin .  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheQueenslander
<Content>Credit where it's due       View from the Parlour  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>EJSW
<Content>Raffles lived up to expectations We stayed here as the first part of our honeymoon and had a fabulous time. The staff were extremely attentive and after less than a day the staff were welcoming us by name and the barman in the lobby bar was asking us if we wanted our usual (we had only been once before so we were really impressed that he remembered!)! We ate in a number of the restaurants including the Tiffin Room ( we ate breakfast, Tiffin and afternoon tea there), Doc Chengs (we were ate there on Chinese New Year and the staff even found out for us what time the fireworks started down at the esplanade) and the French restaurant. The Courtyard Bar was also a lovely area for an early evening drink (especially when it was raining and you could shelter under the bar's canopy!) On each occasion we found the service to be very friendly, attentive and professional. The food was excellent in all and there was a wide range to suit all tastes. Our butlers were extremely nice and helpful and the littlest thing was no effort for them. On our last night they even surprised us when we went back to our room to find that they had scattered rose petals around the room, filled it with scented candles and given us a bottle of chilled champagne, chocolates and fresh chocolate covered strawberries. The room was beautiful and well maintained, as were the public areas of the hotel generally and there were plenty of nooks and crannies for a quiet sit-down with a good book. Small touches such as fresh fruit/ flowers in the room everyday really highlighted the personal service. The pool area was a pleasant surprise and was a great place to chill out in the heat of the afternoon before heading out for the evening. The best time of day to enjoy the hotel is in the evening once all the tourists have gone and it is then that you can really start to appreciate what the hotel has to offer. We enjoyed every minute of our stay there and would definitely return if we have the opportunity to do so.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SLWATKINS
<Content>Average I stayed at this hotel for 7 nights at the end of July we arrived having come from the Oriental In bangkok (IMO a really supberb hotel) we flew to singapore with Jet Star Asia, an airline i would certainly recommend as well as also being a budget one.On arrival which i didnt think was particulary warm, we were shown to our room which was a courtyard roomI was very surpissed to see that the rooms do not have a private balcony, what they call a balcony is in fact a table and two chairs on the open walkway, so obviously no privacy.Only the suites in the hotel have private balconys and these cost about 2 thousand pound a night Id also like to point out that there is no difference between the Courtyard / Palm Court and personality suite rooms only the view and some more antique detail in the room are the difference.This was confirmed by the hotel manager.The rooms are a good size they have a parlor, bedroom and large bathroom/dressing area but they are dark with limited natural light.They do not provide bottled water only tap water in a jug, i thought this was poor.I thought the room was tired and the bathroom towel/robes were definetly tired , bathroom products i would say are produced on a mass scale and used by all hotels belonging to the raffles group, they were not individual to the hotel.We were introduced to our butler, there not really butlers but take the role of guest relations, dont expect them to unpack your bags or do stuff like that.Ours were ok, but quite serious, i didnt like the butler call button as it took ages to get a response and the hotel discourages you ringing the front desk.The day we arrived it was our wedding anniversary and they never mentioned it, but on our return to the room at 1am we had a room covered in rose petals and a bottle of champagne, a very nice touch but somewhat unusual as we had been in the room until 9pm and were to tired on our return to really enjoy it.I found the room very noisy as noise cascades through the rooms due to the woodern floors/walkways,following a request to be moved to a quieter room we were upgraded to one of the royal suites in the hotel which was lovely. This was following a serious complaint, having been sprayed by the toilet and getting locked in the bathroom as well as misleading information i had received from the hotel. However the average joe bloggs cant afford these suites , so my review is based on what i actually paid for.Had i have not prepaid my stay, i would have checked out, i didnt find the staff friendly they appeared somewhat surly and everything was so slow.I ate at Longhouse SteakBar and Doc Chengs both were excellent.I wasnt keen on the Longbar, a bit overrated, but the live music was good, the live music also was good at the courtyard, but again service was irratic.The hotel complex is overrun with tourists and maybe this is the problem, they lose sight at looking after there resident guests.internet access is also not free, phone calls were cheapI visited the Ritz AND the Oriental and found the staff more on the ball and prefered the decor of these hotels.The person who paid for a bentley to take them back to the airport must be mad, they charge about a 100 uk pound for a ordinary hotel car for airport collect and return transportation (15 minutes) which is a rip off, based on a cab at 6 pound each way, which they order in advance for you. Breakfast in the Tiffin Room and Room Service was a shambles, at the Tiffin Room it varied, the cold food was good but the hot food was pretty poor and a limited choice, they never cooked our eggs properly , they were either too runny or brokenMushrooms covered in garlic.Room Service was a case of what will arrive today, we only ever ordered an american breakfast for two, and we had anything from 4 eggs cooked like a cake to half the items missing and salsa on the plate, toast was one slice each. We gave up on the Tiffin Room and had a bizarre room service breakfast instead for 5 of the days we were there.I liked the pool although the lads were really nice it was always a bit slow, and we always had to make up our own beds.The spa was very good but pricey.I wouldnt return, instead i would look at hotels such as the Ritz.Raffles is living on its name not on its product or service.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>DaveJC
<Content>Raffles - Is there anywhere else to stay? OK, I'll put my hands up, I have family in Singapore and therefore have never stayed at Raffles, but I do eat there. My wife and I first went there to celebrate a milestone birthday in October 2000 and ate in the Long Bar Steakhouse, followed by a Singapore Sling in the Long Bar.Subsequent visits in January 2003 and January 2005 resulted in eating at the Bar and Billiard Hall - this is fantastic and although expensive by Singaporean prices, reasonably priced by UK standards. It is a very upmarket self-service carvery, but once you leave your table to get another course (or your next helping of the same course), your allocated waiter will, at breakneck speed jump in and reset your table! The food and service are just too good for words. Try it for yourself!Don't forget, if flying in by Singapore Airlines, bring along your boarding pass stubs as you'll get a 15% discount!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	-1	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>PIXSQUARED
<Content>Best of the world We stay in this magnificent British colonial style Palace during our honey moon trip. For this special occasion, the room鈥檚 floor, bed, bath was covered with rose鈥檚 petals. The service is immaculate; you have a battler for yourself. This hotel is an overall wonderful experience, we highly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lawjules
<Content>Colonial splender This is the best hotel I have ever stayed in! It was charming. The staff were amazingly attentive, but they were never stuffy or condescending. We stayed in the cheapest suite available and it was gorgious. Guest have four rooms. A sitting and dining area, a bedroom, a dressing room and a bathroom. You also have a table and chairs on the balcony. Check in is carried out in your room so you don't have to stand around for ages waiting to be seen or going through the whole check in experience in the lobby. I would recommend anyone to stay here just for the experince. There is a lovely romanesque out door pool on the third floor and although we were there at a busy time of year it was never crowded.There are a number of different restaurants, from a NY sytle deli to the most formal dining room and everything in between. You are also given tokens for the shops in the Raffles arcade which provide for substantial savings.The hotel is ideally situated for sight seeing being a very short distance from City Hall MRT.For a unique and memorable experience it is worth spending at least a night here.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>www.alphamen.co.uk
<Content>Simply not to be missed Absolutely amazing hotel! You must stay here once in your life!!!Having spent many nights in the best hotels in the world I have to say that this is easily now in my top three.My wife and I spent our honeymoon here recently and were treated like royalty from the minute we arrived until the minute we departed for the airport in the hotel's very own Bentley ContinentalThe food options at the hotel are vast and varied from a funky american style diner to more exclusive jacket and tie fare. Charmingly old and traditional the hotel really has a warmth about it and the staff are extremely attentive and proffesionalThe Queen recently stayed there and we had the pleasure of meeting the guest services manager called Terrance (he served the Queen personally when she was in residence) who made our stay that little more special after we requested a few little tweaks to the stay, including the Bentley back to the airport (you simply have to do this if you want to arrive their in comfort)The city itself is amazing but we found ourselves spending most of the time in the vast grounds of the hotel and drinking Singapore Slings long into the afternoon in the long bar surrounded by monkey nut shells (we all have a bit of tourist in us don't we?)The rooms were spacious and the beds extremely comfortable. Each room has its own bellboy who arrives in seconds of the push of a button. We rarely used him but when we needed to the service was world class. Nothing wasan issue for any of the staff.Prices are extremely reasonable compared with the UK's top hotels, but then you don't come to Raffles to have a cheap meal and a three pound bottle of red wine.All in all an amazing experience, we have some pictures and more information should you want them so feel free to email johnny@alphamen.co.uk placing 'Raffles' in the subject line  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CNielsen
<Content>The best reason to go to Singapore Singapore is not of much interest as a tourist if it has not been for Raffles. Old colonial charm, great rooms, super restaurants and excellent service. If you really have to go: do NOT miss this hotel!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>drcrab
<Content>great experience My husband and I had our wedding reception at the Raffles and the service was impeccable. Given that we were not even in the country and flew in from the UK 2 days before the reception was even better! All arrangements (from food selection, wedding favours, decoration, number of tables, banquet room etc) were made over fax and email and when we arrived to have our first meeting with our wedding planner, everything was set up!We stayed one night as part of the package and it was excellent. As all the other reviewers have mentioned, all the staff remembered our names and my husband had a shock when one of the cleaners near the garden stood up and said 'Hello Mr X, Congratulations on your wedding' as he walked past him!! The reception went well, everyone enjoyed it and I was a relaxed bride. We will definitely stay there again. oh! another thing, the Raffles also gives special discounts for your guests if they are part of the wedding party (either at the Raffles itself or other sister hotels, one of which was directly opposite the Raffles). Our guests who stayed on really enjoyed the service etc too!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>barneysmum
<Content>Luxury and old world charm Staying at Raffles was a dream come true. From the moment you enter you are made to feel special. Staff calling you by name, Even if you can only go once in a lifetime, it is worth it. Hotel is immaculate, fantastic flower arrangements everywhere, Your personal butler to see to your every whim. For that special meal in the Grill room, the suggested menu paired with selected wines with each course!!! will make you feel like royalty. The hotel is well located for sightseeing, and a visit to Sentosa Island via the cable car is fantastic. A must is the evening street markets for your satays, cheap and cheerful and very clean. If you are thinking about staying at Raffles don't hesitate, do it.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shil0846
<Content>Loved Raffles We stayed in a courtyard suite at Raffles for two nights in June 2006 and cannot recommend it highly enough. Our room was huge and very comfortable - the style was colonial with all mod cons, and we were provided with our own valet. Although the hotel is swarming with tourists, residents of the hotel are provided with their own key to private areas and the rooms are gated off to ensure privacy. Also the pretty rooftop swimming pool is not open to tourists.We ate at both the Grill and the Tiffin Room restaurants which were both superb, with a wide choice of menu and excellent attentive staff.A must if you're visiting Singapore!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible There is very little to add to the comments alreay shown on this website.A few things may sway you however when you decide to book this Hotel.We booked the courtyard suites and felt a bit of an outsider. Despite the hotel being stunning the services exquisite and the food fantastic the room was on the outside of the hotel where a short walk past alot of tourists took you to the main reception and hotel area.This was the part I was a little disappointed with as all the tourist stared at you when you came out of your room and walked down towards the main part of the Hotel.If I booked again I would definately get a suite in the main part of the Hotel.However it was our honeymoon and the treats they gave us whilst we stayed were unbelievable and unmatched elsewhere on our honeymoon.The Royal China restaurant was fantastic but don't miss out on Chilli Crab at Clarke Quay just a few minutes stroll away where the nightlife and restaurants come to life.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HLW11
<Content>Don't stay anywhere else Having stayed in Raffles I would never stay anywere else in Singapore. The stay was the first stop on our honeymoon and from arrival to departure we were made to feel very special.The service is immpecable but very friendly and not too formal. All the staff remembered our names and we only had to tell them our suite number once, it was remembered from then on.The food at breakfast and the high tea were fabulous, the pool is amazing and the suite so spacious and very well appointed.Can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved everything about Singapore I went to Singapore last summer 2005 to visit my son who is currently working from Singapore. On our visit we stayed at Raffles Hotel absolutely tremendous. Everyone was so friendly service was excellent. The people are so friendly and all seem to live in harmony. I felt so safe what a wonderful place to live. We visited the Botanic Gardens while we were there. I never knew that so many wonderful orchids and plants and different flowers exsisted. On my next visit which hopefully will be early next year I will certainly visit the botanic gardens again and hopefully I will be able to visit many more great places. We aso had lots of retail therapy. I would just like to congratulate Singapore on having the insight in how people of all different beliefs and cultures can live in perfect harmony. A lesson we could all certainly learn from. Ps. Hopefully I will be able stay longer next time!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It stole my heart!!!! We will be going back in a few months time. I remember when we last left it, I really could have cried it was like leaving an old friend. My husband and I have literally travelled the world and have stayed in luxury to basic.From the moment you enter the cool sweet smelling reception you know you have arrived and the history of this beautiful lady surrounds you.Our first visit to Raffles was in 2003. My husband had decided that this was the place we would get engaged. The night he gave me the ring I mentioned it to our maid. I really did not expect to return to our suite and find hundreds of fresh red rose petals displayed on our bed in the shape of a heart, rose petals in our dressing room and bathroom, bottle of good chilled Champagne and strawberry. All this was free of charge!!!!The service is exceptional, when the staff addressed us in our private quarters they used our true surnames (different), but when in public areas they used my husbands surname for both of us.There really is nothing to complain about, it was simply perfect.When you visit be prepared to be impressed and compare every other hotel that you visit to the sofistication of Raffles. Nothing every compares to it.We will be celebrating my 40th Birthday there soon. 2 weeks in Raffles I can not wait.  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kosta100
<Content>Raffles Is Outstanding We stayed for three nights at Raffles in May. This is without a doubt the best hotel we have ever stayed at by a long way. The rooms are outstanding and the service provided by the staff is First Class. Raffles is expensive however it is one of those few hotels that actually exceeds your expectations. A fantastic hotel.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Springlewongle
<Content>A Really Special Place Two night stay en route to the Datai in LangkawiRaffles is wonderful. Service impeccableRooms specialLocation idealWill return ASAP  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Understated Elegance at its very best Raffles was a beautiful hotel. It was not glitzy like other 5* hotels, instead it provided understated elegance beautifully. It may be expensive but is certainly something to see.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>memorable afternoons Whilst staying with family in Singapore we spent two lovely relaxing afternoons enjoying the delightful facilities of Raffles. We had cocktails in the Courtyard Bar and also spent some time in the pretty shopping arcade. Service and surroundings were excellent - would definitely return for the same, or to stay in the hotel, in the future.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	-1	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>asha
<Content>Raffles simply Fabulous Will start off by saying that for comparison we also stayed at the Oriental BKK and Peninsula BKK this holiday.Stayed for 3 nights in a palm court suite towards the end of November 05. Check in was a breeze and i found the staff INCREDIBLY friendly.You are led through the RESIDENTS only gate, across the palm court to a simply ENOURMOUS suite. Very colonial with fabulous toiletries, nice welcome letter, fruit platter etc.Breakfast (which we got included in the rate) is very nice and one day we chose to have it by the pool (at extra cost) this was simply devine and the attendant s attitude was one of the best i have ever come across (little things like changing my partners coffee cafitiere instead of just topping it up) we even saw him a couple of days later in the lobby and he came over had a chat even remembered our names. Infact we had a few occasions where we were greeted by name.Room service was incredibly quick and one day we had afternoon Tea on the verandah outside our room, very peaceful and hard to believe we were only a few feet away from a busy main roadI know a few people have concerns that the hotel is overun with tourist but the lobby is residents only after 9pm and only guest can access certain parts of the hotel. We certainly did not find this a problem. The long bar is busy but this adds to the vibe.All in all, this hotel is one of my most favorite i have ever stayed in. Yes its expensive but they treat you fabulously, service is magnificent and the rooms are huge. Would stay again in a heartbeat.I booked my room through the hotels own website and got breakfast included in the rate for S$700 per night Palm court suite. I found there own webiste to be the most competatative.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dimsum
<Content>Quality Service       the homely dining area  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>frank_commentator
<Content>Interesting architecure, unrivalled service, amazing breakfasts. Impossible to give less than 5 stars.We stayed here for 1 day  night as our first stop out to our honeymoon in Australia.This hotel really is top notch in terms of service, attentiveness, and quality.The main intrigue when you get there comes from the colonial heritage of the place, it's history and the way it is laid out.Overall, it occupies a much larger area of land than you would expect - the hotel is more like an estate, it's low-rise and you can get a bit lost wandering around the shopping area and mall-facing side of the hotel grounds.Because of the open-air nature of the Raffles grounds, you find it impossible to escape the humidity - if you are not used to it (like us).We were provied with a room in a wing of the hotel which is across an area of the open lawn to the right of the main building, so we simply had to expose ourselves to the backdripping humidity simply to get to breakfast.However, breakfast here is worth sweating over; an array of food of such diversity and detail it's extraordinary to think they provide it every day.What you are paying for and getting with this hotel is quality of both the service, and everything you come into contact with while here.The room was certainly special in terms of size, facilities and quality of finishes.The thing is, it is pretty impossible to occupy yourself for any decent length of time within this hotel in order to escape from the humidity as all the rear grounds and buildings are open-air.This factor can be limiting to your ability to refresh if you are travelling onwards.However, they do have a great bar and steak restaraunt lining the piazza and gardens.However, if you are looking for total relaxation and pampering where you don't have to spend all your time going between the extremes of climate (control), then I would strongly recommend the Valley Wing Deluxe City view at the Shangri La instead, which is cheaper, has a great pool, and is even more attentive - as it doesn't have to deal with non-resident visitors. (Oh and I forgot the free champagne and beer all evening!).  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Spendaholic
<Content>Memories are what make a holiday... We stayed at this hotel a few years ago , but like they say memories are what make a holiday. It is really hard to describe the true feelings of staying here , we thought that going by the amount of tourists around the hotel it would always seem very busy, this cannot be further from the truth , once you get behind the gates or up the stairs a whole new experience awaits. It really feels like you are drifting back in time , some parts errily as quiet as a library. It is not hard to imagine just what it was like in its hey day.The suites were beautiful and the bathrooms in keeping with the colonial feel , can even see where the door was in the bathroom for the hot water to be brought for the bath. Room Service afternoon tea was fantastic, arrived on a lovely silver tray with everything you could want to suit any taste . Beds were extremely comfy , two simply huge feather down beds , with the softest purest white bedding you could imagine. My husband put his smelly old favorite sandals out on the verandah one night - when he got them in next morning thay had been completely cleaned up and looked like new - hows that for service ! We also had two young children with us , they were catered for well and loved the swimming pool as it was not crowded. Whilst waiting for taxis at night we did see a few famous faces .Breakfast was nice and nothing more , a bit sqashed up at times. Dinner in evening was lovely , children enjoyed childrens menu. Lots of little souveniors left in room , we took ours and had a picture of the raffles framed with the little extras all around. Will definatley find the time to go back there one day. But for now the children are a little older and want to go to sentosa island so we have been staying up there. A wonderful time had by all.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Liverbird1
<Content>Raffles is simply the best!       honeymoon surprise  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Whinbrook
<Content>Wonderful Lasting Memory Originally booked 2 nights in a courtyard suite. When we arrived we were told we had been upgraded to a nicer suite. We were pretty thrilled at this but nothing prepared us for where we were to spend the next two nights. To our absolute amazement we were shown to the Sir Stamford Raffles Suite. It defies description ! We had a massive bedroom with Chinese antiques, huge electrically operated thick drapes and every amenity one could imagine from a de-luxe marble bathroom, dressing room, pantry with state of the art wine fridge, expresso coffee machine, cut glass, fine china, a 12 seater dining room, a triple aspect living room, a small library and a private terrace that stretched more than 75 feet. We think there was another bedroom and bathroom in the suite but they were closed off to us and occupied by other guests. It was totally unexpected and overwhelming and for a while we dare not touch anything in case there had been a mistake! But the personal letter with fruit basket from the management confirmed we were booked into this suite. Our personal valet, on call 24 hours did a sterling job showing us around the suite.On a more down to earth level, the front desk/concierge were very helpful and gracious. However, the service in the restaurants, especially the Tiffin Room at breakfast was erratic and the meal we had in the Long Bar Steakhouse was disappointing. And as other reviews have mentioned the Singapore Sling experience lacked romance! The areas soley for residents are stunningly furnished and very comfortable and it is true that one gets a slightly smug feeling being able to cross the residents only threshold and leave the gawping tourists behind!The hotel complex was much larger than imagined and the array of restaurants, bars and shops is very impressive and the courtyard cafe and bar areas a very pleasant spot to spend a warm evening. One thing that did annoy was being overcharged by 100% for postage stamps bought at the front desk and 拢6 sterling for a beer in the Writer's Bar did hurt a bit while sending a simple email from the Business Centre turned out to be a very frustrating experience.However, staying at Raffles be it in the the Sir Stamford Raffles Suite or the (far from) basic Courtyard suite has to be an experience that remains in ones memory for ever.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lance92270
<Content>Great experience! In October, we stayed 1 night at the legendary Raffles and were very impressed. The hotel is beautiful and the suites are charming. The suites and bathrooms are large and very comfortable. The staff was very friendly and attentive. The concierge was able to get us a reservation at the last minute on a Friday night at a very busy Indian restaurant we had requested.We had the obligatory Singapore Sling (expensive and overrated) at the courtyard bar/restaurant which had live entertainment on Friday night.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SandSLondon
<Content>Forgotten To Smile ? Another five star hotel that has everything going for it - location, facilities, grandeur .... but unfortunatley is (once again) let down by the fact that their staff are clearly afraid to smile or make guests feel at home. The curse of five star establishments unfortunately. Would it be below silver service to ask your guests how their day was - where they went - what they did ? Introduce them to the menu - recommend a few things and then ..at the very least .. ask them how their meal / drinks were once they've had them ?A little personal touch would go a long way at the most basic level.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful I can only defend this hotel, it is simply wonderful. The suite was beautiful and our valet professional and efficient. The staff knew our names within a day and never once let any standards slip. The food was delicious, especially the steak house if you are one for that kind of thing and the breakfast buffet choice was extensive . The spa is luxurious and the outdoor pool is not what I had expected within such a setting. You do meet a lot of people around and about the hotel visiting but it seems to add to it's charm. It truly is what Singapore was about and definately worth a visit.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kingsroadgal
<Content>Magnificent yet again!!! This was our second stay at Raffles this year. Our expectations were high, and were fully met. We had a Palm Court suite. These rooms are absolutely the most comfortable hotel rooms I can think of. They are large and wonderfully furnished, with a sitting area at the entrance which is set off from the rest of the room with shutters. Beautiful wood floors and an incredible colonial feel. The view of the Palm Court is the best one at Raffles, I think, and worth the minimal extra expense. Bathrooms are wonderfully maintained. Breakfast at the Raffles is simply unbeatable. Everything is amazingly delicious. Their blueberry muffins are the best I have tasted, as is almost everything else. Their tea in the Tiffin Room is also well worth it, as it is a feast of Asian and western treats, all wonderful tasting. As stated by another reviewer, the pool is also tranquil and calm. We too had bats zipping around us as we swam at night. My kids loved it. I am definitely planning another stay. Singapore has plenty to do, and I long to have more time to spend enjoying this wonderful hotel, which is such a piece of living history. Make sure and check out the Raffles Museum as well. Kudos Raffles, for your high standards.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Eric.V
<Content>Raffles Hotel live up to its name! We stayed in the Raffles for two nights few years back. We had the courtyard suites. The plants and trees surrounding the couryard leading to the suites are a pleasant retreat from the outside bustling world. The suite itself is very neat and had a colonial feel to it. Eveything seems to be in place. Seperate living room, ample bathroom and the high ceiling makes you just feel like its the right place to be. The butler service is very prompt and will attend to your every needs. One evening my wife had a gastric pain, straight away the butler (Ivy) went off to a nearby pharmacy and brought back the medicine that my wife requested. Without requesting she always brought a plate of yummy cookies for my wife just in case she feels hungry later. This is what i called service from a top establishment! Anytime when we need anything, the butler is always ready at your call.We really enjoy our stay, especially chiiling out in our verendah sipping champagne in the evening and watching the world goes by. Raffles hotel has met our expectations and we look forward to our next stay soon.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GortPickle
<Content>Best hotel I've stayed in, but Long Bar is tourist trap This is a fantastic hotel -- service, cleanliness, staff friendliness, amenities, style, everything. I will always remember the one night I stayed here. Loved the suite, the incredible bath/shower, and walking around the hardwood floors and finding little out-of-the-way spots like the tiny library on the second floor. Everyone says it's expensive and it is, though probably more palatable if you're paying in British pounds. But if you are at all into literary history and/or old-world Raj/British colonial feel and style, try to stay at least one night -- likely this will become a standard to which you hold other hotels. Pool is beautiful, I had it to myself most of the time in evening and early morning (with the exception of the bats winging in at night dipping the surface for bugs -- don't get me wrong, I liked the bats). The Long Bar is a tourist trap, though -- $20 SD for a Singapore Sling that contains almost no gin. That said, I had about six of them while I was there. The recipe is not that hard -- 1/6 gin, 1/6 maraschino (or Cherry Heering), 1/6 grenadine, and the other half pineapple juice (vary the measurements to taste, espy. gin). Actually, in the hotel shop, you can pick up six little bottles of Singapore Sling mix to take home for about $40 SD. So Raffles is milking the sling mystique, but what the heck, they supposedly invented it after all. At least they're not forcing you to buy the glass as well. And I never got my complimentary sling upon check-in, though my butler said he was going off to get it...  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bombayteddy
<Content>Sling it out! Reading a recent comment here about the rudeness of a Restaurant Manager at the Raffles, reminded me of my experience there 2 years ago....I was staying with friends at the Grand Hyatt and dragged them across town one afternoon to sample the legendary Singapore Sling cocktail at the Long Bar in the Raffles.Having had (and made!) a few of these elsewhere in the past, I was SHOCKED to be served a pre-mixed bright pink concoction, which looked....and tasted!....exactly like cough-syrup. I would have thought serving pre-mixed drinks was only to be expected in an informal diner or pub; NOT in a place that pretends to be an institution....and cant get its signature-cocktail right! I daresay the flight-attendants on Singapore Airlines do a MUCH better job of it!As for the bar itself, one could only describe its decor as a contrived imitation of colonial culture. Coming from India, a country with its fair share of colonial and palace hotels, I know authenticity when I see it!And when one attempted to give some feedback to the Manager of this establishment, one was met with the most snooty and supercilious of attitudes, prompting me to write to the hotel on returning home.I am still waiting for their reply.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BigPayne
<Content>Water rip-off at Raffels Yes, the Raffels is one of Asia's best--except when it comes to a simple item such as drinking water. I hosted a small party of six at the Raffel Royal China June 26, 2005. Everyone asked for drinking water with our meals saying tap water please. Instead we got bottled water served under rap.The bill for our meal cane to $158--the bottled water was $42! I didn't want to make a fuss in front of clients, so I returned the next day and talked to Kenny, the manager, who proved to be rude, beligerent and insulting, telling us: Talk to your watress. This type of rip off has no place in one of the grand hotels of Asia.Robert Payne, Box 4845, Incline Village, Nevada 89450  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Leicstourist
<Content>Quite simply the best We stayed at Raffles for three nights on the way to Bintan Island and two nights on the way back in August 2004. Of all the 5* hotels I have stayed in throughout the world this was head and shoulders above the rest. We opted for the chauffeur service to and from the airport, well worth it, our driver was so friendly and gave us so many useful tips he was worth his weight in gold. The water and cold towels hit the spot too! The staff at Raffles were marvellous, everyone knew us and our children. We got a wonderful welcome every time we stepped foot in the hotel. Our personal butler's were superb, nothing was too much trouble. Without doubt the best staff ever. For example, my husband got my birthday wrong ( he thought it was the next day!).When I realised mid morning that no one had a clue what day it was I mentioned that I thought I would go and spend some of my BIRTHDAY money and headed off to the shops for a few hours. By the time I got back my husband, ably aided by Kevin and Sophia, our personal butlers, had managed to organise flowers, cake, half the staff of the hotel to sing happy birthday, photos and so on as I walked into the suite!! I was so impressed I forgot to sulk!! They also organised a rental car for us, delivered to the hotel. Stepped in and drove away! The rooms are very high quality and have a wonderful sense of history, although they are in fact not that old, just superbly updated and well appointed. Everything you expect in a 5 star, just so much more taste.The restaurants and bars are excellent, and not expensive for what you get. Especially good is the Tiffin Room, try the chicken pies (yes it was me, I ate all the pies!). As others have noted there is a certain smug satisfaction in walking past the residents only sign and sailing up the stairs away from the tourists armed with the magic key. Another high point was sitting on the terrace outside our room in the morning, flicking through the Straights Times with breakfast. Room service dinner, which we did twice as we had the children with us, was swift, hot and superbly served. Try the lamb! The pool is wonderful, on the top floor surrounded by the soul-less high rise other 5 star hotels. There is not a downside to Raffles. It is expensive, but it is worth every penny. There are so many modern 5 star hotels in Singapore, but none has the history and ambience of Raffles. If you just want a luxury hotel, stay at one of them. If you want an experience stay at Raffles! We will be back in July 2006 and I would not consider staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JJYork
<Content>This has to be the best hotel we have ever stayed in! We have stayed in many five star hotels throughout the world and this is the best. We opted to be picked up by car from the airport which I know is only 30 mins from the hotel, however the little touches were lovely 鈥?bottled water and cold towels. We were greeted by name as we arrived and were taken directly to our suite where we checked in, in the room. Our butler was very attentive, and all our outfits were perfectly ironed. The rooms are very spacious, clean and beautiful (very colonial). I was worried about the volume of tourists that the hotel has, but the residents sections are very secluded and the residents only areas are only accessed by a key. The pool was lovely and quiet, and the restaurants were excellent - I would recommend the Steak Bar and the Long Bar for a drink. Tiffin tea was busy but very nice, however it is essentail to book a table. Overall Raffles was excellent - so good in fact that our next trip in a few months time is to Fiji and Australia (via America) that we have decided stay at Raffles again on our way back to the UK!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ptahsuti
<Content>Sublime! My 37th birthday surprise was one glorious night in the Joseph Conrad Suite. The suite was fabulous and the luxury of personal staff amazing. A beautifully presented tea tray was served to us on the verandah outside the suite on request and the bottle of champagne included in our booking brought later when we asked. Wandering around the guests only areas was a wonderful experience as was simply wallowing in the luxury of the suite itself. Do go if you can - it is worth it.A word on food: the Raffles Grill is superb and worth every penny. I also love Ah Teng's Bakery - try the $7 sandwich and coffee offer at lunchtime and the Afternoon Tea buffet in the Tiffin Room (make sure you book). If you've been lucky enough to stay overnight the Tiffin Room breakfast buffet is also an experience in itself.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lincoln
<Content>Once in a lifetime experience       Courtyard dining  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Good Names All Gone!
<Content>Lived up to its reputation We had one night in Singapore on the way home from Australia and decided to stay at the legendary Raffles, and it certainly lived up to its reputation. The service to guests was virtually faultless. The suites were spacious and had everything we needed. Everything you would expect from a hotel of this calibre.The only slight downside was the service in the Long Bar (where the tourists congregate!). On a couple of occasions we felt the staff really couldn't be bothered to serve us. The other thing I think is a shame is that the Singapore Slings aren't mixed from scratch any more. They use premix which is just mixed with the fruit juice, and they definitely don't taste quite as good as when I was there in 1994.But if that's the only downside, it's still well worth a visit for the experience of a truly top class hotel.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth the price? I love everything about Raffles except the price. I have stayed here three times, and I have also stayed at all the other usual suspects (Four Seasons, Ritz, Mandarin Oriental, Shangri-La). When my company is paying for it, I just tell them, oops sorry, the only vacancy is at Raffles. But it's on average S$250 more per night than those other places. I love to pay extra for luxury, but those other places are every bit as good at the customer service game. Raffles doesn't offer enough of a difference to justify the extra expense. It kills me to say that, but next time I'm staying at Shangri-La even if there's vacancy at Raffles.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>4	1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ratbag
<Content>Over-rated   showReview(3275347, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TouringLawyer
<Content>Excellent Service--Lives up to Reputation   showReview(3262994, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>martali
<Content>Everyone should stay at raffles at least once   showReview(3237757, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spectacular Raffles, Lives up to it鈥檚 Reputation   showReview(2873018, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>oew
<Content>Real Luxury,top service,sunday brunch ,3 stars food !!!!   showReview(2871446, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Singapore Sling at Raffles   showReview(2756412, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stenna
<Content>One of the Great Hotels of the World . . . but   showReview(2454223, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JAM_1977
<Content>Afternoon tea at the Tiffin Room   showReview(2430974, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TEEVEE
<Content>Lives up to its Legend   showReview(2304554, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A world of its own...       Raffles Court Yard View  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Small-Woods
<Content>涓€娴併仺銇勩亞銇撱仺   showReview(22989654, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐩殑銇屻兓銉汇兓   showReview(22855610, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎸欏紡銇с偣銉嗐偆   showReview(19888882, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈勩仯銇便倞銇堛亪銈忋€滈珮銇勩仩銇戙亗銈?#x201d;   showReview(19888625, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶伄妲樸仾绌洪枔鈾?#x201d;   showReview(19888085, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lena-Sofia
<Content>K枚nigliches Idyll in einer Stadt ohne Charme   showReview(12566646, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	2	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎲с倢銇儵銉冦儠銉偤   showReview(19887089, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bien   showReview(13192670, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓€搴︺伅娉娿伨銈娿仧銇勩儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19886808, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Salut65
<Content>Eine Legende ist tot   showReview(10425418, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偪銉冦儠銇岀礌鏅淬仐銇嬨仯銇熴仹銇欙紒   showReview(19884101, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀛愰€ｃ倢銇с仐銇熴亴銆侀儴灞?..   showReview(19928627, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉┿儍銉曘儷銈恒儧銉嗐儷銇偒...   showReview(19928453, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姣嶃仺涓€绶掋伀娉娿伨銈娿伨銇?..   showReview(19927625, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇曘仚銇屻儵銉冦儠銉偤銉涖儐...   showReview(19924818, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>褰撴棩鍦板厓銇祼濠氬紡銇岃...   showReview(19924795, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱倢浠ヤ笂銇畨銇忋仹銇亜...   showReview(19923798, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍏ㄥ銈广偆銉笺儓銇с仺銇︺倐...   showReview(19923278, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷銇с伄銇婃樇...   showReview(19922584, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銉偔銉ｃ兂銉氥兗銉虫湡...   showReview(19922168, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈偢銈伄銉涖儐銉伄浠ｅ悕...   showReview(19921906, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂樼礆銇犮亼銇┿亰瀹㈡銇?..   showReview(19921708, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫兂銈儩銉笺儷銈掍唬琛ㄣ仚...   showReview(19920881, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉勩兗銉偣銉堟啩銈屻伄銉┿儍...   showReview(19920856, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈夊悕銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚銇仹...   showReview(19920778, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎬濄亜鍒囥仯銇︺儵銉冦儠銉偤...   showReview(19920662, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓栫晫灞堟寚銇偣銉嗐偆銈裤偣...   showReview(19919848, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹㈠銇欍伖銇︺亴銈广偊銈ｃ兗...   showReview(19919812, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹挎硦銇с伅銇傘倞銇俱仜銈?..   showReview(19918846, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€杩戙伅涓汇仾鐩殑銇岀劇銇?..   showReview(19917668, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓€鐢熴伀涓€搴︺伅娉娿伨銇ｃ仸...   showReview(19917618, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仛銆併儊銈с儍銈偆銉炽倰...   showReview(19917171, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱兂銈裤兂宄躲儧銉嗐儷銉愩兂...   showReview(19916112, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

