<Author>nottshammer
<Content>Xmas In Amsterdam We (me my wife) stayed in this hotel from Xmas eve for 4 nights and it served us perfectly. The advice given on this site by other reviewers regarding requesting a room at the back of the hotel, was spot on. We got such a room (309) which did look out over the back and it was lovely and peaceful. The front of the hotel looks out over Rembrandt Sq, which would have been very noisy at xmas time and does have loads of flashing lights. Our room was excellent for the two of us, being recently redecorated, with a comfy king sized bed and with good bathroom. The hotel staff were all very helpful (even though they were working over xmas holiday!) and the breakfast was very nice too. The Breakfast room/ bar/restaurant is a fine sight, with lots of lovely old panelling. All told, the pictures on the hotel web site really do it justice. Best thing of course, was the excellent location of the hotel. It was was in easy walking distance of all the main attractions. I would also recommend Amsterdam as an excellent Xmas destination, as all the museums, bars  restaurants (but not the shops) are open all xmas eve/day/boxing day. Walking around the deserted canals, on a bright sunny xams day was a true joy. The exchange rate made eating and drinking a bit steep but that's not Amsterdam's fault.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kwanite
<Content>Liked it - except noise and expensive internet charges! I stayed at NH Schiller for 3 nights. It has an excellent location - no question about it! Downsides are:1. Internet is for a charge. I think it was about 20 euros per day. I find this unacceptable. Most countries in the world have free internet in hotel rooms. Charging for internet is opportunistic!2. The hotel website was deceptive. Reading the hotel website you would think internet is free. But, it was not! 3. The hotel room was small. It was chilly. I used to turn on the heat and the maids would come in and turn it down. 4. If you do not plan to go out at night, do not stay there. You wouldn't be able to sleep from the noise coming from bars at the Rembrandtplein on a Friday and a Saturday...Overall, it was a good experience. Paying for internet although the hotel website implied that it was free just drives me mad!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	3	1	

<Author>CoronaBoy
<Content>Great Hotel in the Heart of the Entertainment District Stayted at this hotel room for 3 nights. The hotel is located in the famous Rembrandt Square. This hotel is a very chic French like hotel and is sorrunded by bars and night clubs along with shopping.The arrival was very easy and inexpensive. Just take the #4 or #9 trolly from the central station and your there within 10 minutes. The trolly drops you off right in front of the hotel.The front staff were very friendly. Initially they gave me a room on the first floor with a very bad view and smoke smell. Upon request, they changed the room for me with no hassle. the fron staff are friendly I had no complaints. The only issue that DID NOT bother me was the fact that you can hear all the party goers at night. But again, I was not bothered with that.Overall, I would for sure stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bhbb627
<Content>Nice but oh the jack hammer... The hotel room was very nice except if we took a HOT shower the fire alarm would go off in the room above so they would run down and have us turn off the shower. OH, but the jack hammer.... We were on the 2nd floor back of hotel and the neighboring property was remodeling so every morning at 9 a.m the jack hammering would begin.... Needless to say it was not a very good stay but don't know how the hotel could have prevented the jack hammering since it was not under their control. Good location easy to get on and off tram. Indonesian restaurant down street in yellow building is AWESOME!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chinchinita
<Content>Too expensive! We stayed in the hotel from 30.06. to 04.07.08 in a Junior suite. The suite itself was spacious and its comfort adequate, but I was shocked to the see how dirty it was. We were on the first floor, facing the backyard, as this was supposed to be calm, but as our suite was directly above the kitchen there was a nice background noise from its air conditioning, but fortunately it was shut down before midnight. Our room did not have one, so I am grateful it was not too hot. There was also a house on the other side of the backyard that was being renovated, and the work (compressors, etc) started at 8:00am. Of course the hotel was not responsible for that inconvenience, but neither was there a small basket of fruit or anything else as an apology for being awakened so early during your holiday.It is true that the location is excellent, if you arrive by train the Tram No 4 or 9 will drop you on the Rembrandtplein, directly in front of the Hotel, and around are plenty of restaurants. I can only recommend Memories of India which serves the best Indian food that it was my pleasure to eat.Reception was cool, if you asked you got your information, but nothing else. As for breakfast I can but strongly recommend not to take it in the hotel as it is much too expensive for what they are offering. The buffet has all essentials, hot meat, cold fruit, yogurts, cereals, etc, but no luxury items like cold salm or exotic fruits. Personally I am a fan of french breakfast and their croissants and the bread are not exactly the same as their french cousins. Also for coffee, tea or hot chocolates you have to serve yourselves from a sophisticated machine, but as it happened twice in the 5 mornings that we were there, they forgot either to stock up the milk powder or the coffee. I also managed during those five mornings to eat their entire stock of those cute little Nutella pads. As I took only 3 each morning I have no great estimation for their stocking ability, nor do I think much of their surveillance of the buffet. So my r茅sum茅, not enough value for your money.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	2	1	4	3	-1	

<Author>cisalpino777
<Content>Perfect choice in a perfect location... this Hotel was not our first choice...We booked on the website at NH Caransa which is just at the opposite side of the square but they switched us to the Schiller.We have been very lucky.. We have been upgraded and we stayed in a renewed room at the third floor quiet large and with all the confort you need.The location of the hotel is almost perfect (city center), but if you are looking for a quiet place it's better to choose a different place (Rembrandtplain is full of restaurants, bars and there is an intense night life).The staff has been very kind and our 3 nights has been fantastic.Enjoy Amsterdam  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>Philylar
<Content>Good location but tired Hotel       Hotel from the square  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>PamelaSF
<Content>Great Location Arrived at Central Station and got on the No16 Tram outside. It brought us to Multiplein where we hoped off, crossed the road and arrived at Rembrant Square where our hotel was located. Greated by real friendly staff. Hotel room was a standard, and was perfect for us. it was located to the front of the hotel so we could open window and look out at the restaurants and people. , It was a bit noisy at night but I think whatever hotel you book in amsterdam, noise will always be a problem. Hotel is in a great location, 10 min walk to red light, 10 min to Shopping district, 10 min to Dam Square, its a great location. If i ever come back I will book this hotel. we booked out early and was able to leave bags at reception. When we left, we hoped onthe no 4 tram outside the hotel streight to Central Station.Great 4 days break.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SusieG
<Content>The Hotel Schiller grew on me! My husband and I were booked in here for 5 nights recently by his company for his business trip - me just along to visit Amsterdam for the first time. It was a convenient choice for us both.The easiest way to arrive from the airport is to take the train (tickets on sale in the airport luggage hall) and walk onto the platform five minutes away. We were in Central Station in 15 mins. Walk just outside and get on a no 4 or 9 tram (it's the terminus, so no worries about which direction to go!). Ask for the Rembrandtplein (square), about 5 mins away, and the hotel is immediately opposite. So, much cheaper - and quicker - than a taxi or the hotel shuttle bus, for which there were huge queues.The hotel is supposed to be an Amsterdam 'landmark' - over 100 years old. I was initially disappointed; the entrance and lobby are small and dark and looked a little worn. The lift is antiquated.But the staff couldnt have been more helpful. Having read Tripadvisor reviews I had asked for a quiet room at the rear,and this was the best piece of advice I got!! The noise at the front of the hotel must be awful at night and especially at weekends with all the bars and cafes in the square and the clanking trams! Butwe were upgraded to a more spacious business room at the rear which was comfortable and very quiet. The beds were extremely comfortable, bathroom small but perfectly adequate with masses of hot water; nice flatscreen TVBreakfasts in the Cafe Schiller were good - a range of hot and cold dishes, plenty of fruit, choice of lovely breads etc. You could even have sparking champagne if you wanted! And the cafe area was what actually 'grew on me'; it was quite nice to be in an older building with some character and charm instead of the usual modern hotel areas you find everywhere.The best thing was the convenience of being able to walk to every major sight in minutes. Turn left out of the hotel and left again and within two minutes you were on the quietest canals with their wonderful architecture. Two minutes in the other direction and you were in the heart of the city.We ate in some good restaurants - but the best by far was again two minutes away - down the road to the left of the hotel which leads to the canal. On the corner over the first bridge is a tiny Italian place - only about 8 tables - called Ponte Arcelo (or something like that!) run by two Italians. Fantastic food - whatever was fresh that day - you had to pay cash, but it was so cheap and absolutely delicious - a real find.So, overall a good stay - but remember to get that room at the back of the hotel if you plan any sleep at all!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>sandypWaterford
<Content>NIce Hotel - Not Amazing I had been warned to go for as high standard of hotel as possible in Amsterdam, I got a good deal on the Schiller which included breakfast, but I could honestly say I wouldnt class this as a 4 star hotel. It was a very nice hotel, the beds were extremely comfortable, we had a lovely (small) room overlooking Rembrandt square, the room had a balcony which was really nice (although you wouldn't spend too much time out on it in feb..brrrr), I would like to see that during the Summer! The noise wasn't as bad as I expected from the square, but definitely if you were a light sleeper I'd say it would be a different story! The toiletries in the bathroom definitely deserve a mention, they were lovely, I smelled like a fruit salad for the weekend!!!I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful, both on reception and in the bar -drink prices are quite saucy in the bar though..you have been warned!! - the lady who served us breakfast was particularly nice. The breakfast was delicious, with a great selection of pretty much everything, and kept well topped up. There was some kind of party on downstairs on the Saturday night, and the music was VERY loud, it didnt bother us too much as we were heading out ourselves, but if you were planning an early night it would have been fairly upsetting! (although who would have an early night on Saturday in Amsterdam??) All in all I would return to the NH Schiller because I have no real negatives about my stay, but I would be looking for a special offer again, as I wouldnt pay 4 star prices for it.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>luvindublin
<Content>Really nice hotel Great hotel in a central location of Amsterdam. The tram drops you off just across the street, it could not have been any more convenient. The staff were friendly and helpful. The rooms were well appointed and we got a great rate when we booked in advance. You are in walking distance of many of the city's attractions. We'd definitely stay again next time we visit Amsterdam.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Liany
<Content>Good hotel, fantastic location The hotel location and confort are good.The restaurant was very good and its staff absolutely amazing.Unfortunately, the hotel staff were not very pleasant, or helpful.There was a private party going on on the Saturday night till past midnight, with live music etc...We would have appreciated if someone had told us at the time of check in. The music was very loud and even on the 6th floor we couldn't hear ourselves thinking.The room only contained 1 glass and 1 mug, I asked twice to get second ones, I am still waiting. All in all a good experience but could have been wonderful if the staff in the hotel was as good as in the restaurant.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	2	2	

<Author>Jumper71
<Content>Another one in the crowd       Bed at Schiller  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>BETTYCork
<Content>great but noisy Stayed three nights at this hotel. Sat-Tues. Very good hotel. Great size room. Great breakfast. Excellent staff. Great location. Great price booked through aer lingus.com.However, our room was at the front of the hotel. Five in the morning very noisy groups were still roaring and shouting outside. The tram was also very noisy. It didnt spoil our stay but I would insist on a rear room if I were to book again.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Barsuchok
<Content>Loved it! Absolutely loved it! Lovely sunny room with nicely touches in the bathroom (new toothbrush, hair brush, spounge etc) and generous tea/coffee facilities. Superb Location. Service - nothing special but no errors as well.We booked for the first 3 days of our stay hotel Patou, since were seduced by its generous reviews and didn't like it, than went for NH Shiller since it was much more cheaper though with average reviews. After that we were convinced that it's still important to look at the hotel class not only reviews.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Kawaai
<Content>Lovely Hotel The hotel is very easy to find, with a tram stop right across the square, which goes directly to the central station. Lots of lovely resteraunts and bars in the smaller streets nearby as well as plenty of shops. We found the location great, and walked to most places, and it's not especially rowdy or tacky as some reviewers have described it, yes it's lively but we had a room at the back which was very peaceful. We had to keep the windows open at night as it was so warm in the room and still we didn't have any issues with noise.Room was tasteful, modern and well decorated, not huge, but much bigger than the room we had at the Victoria hotel a few years back. There was enough room to walk around, as well as tea/ coffee making facilities. It was clean, very comfortable and relaxing. Loved the little touches like the book of bed time stories, and choice of pillows as well as the generous selection of bathroom toiletries  ammenities. Breakfast was good, with an average selection which was regularly topped up. Staff were always pleasant and helpful throughout our stay.Found an excellent deal on this hotel for 3 nights with breakfast, which made it a lot cheaper than some of the lower class hotels much further out. We would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>Jodilina
<Content>It was great! My boyfriend and I went to Amsterdam on the 18th until the 21st December and stayed at the NH Schiller in the Rembrantplein square... What a lovely hotel! In the ideal location for exploring all the sites that Amsterdam has to offer!!The hotel itself has just been modernised and rooms are on the smallish side but really nicely decorated with lovely plasma screen tv's, a nice touch!The hotel has loads of really lovely paintings dotted around which the old hotel owner painted and left there! The toiletries were really nice and breakfast was very good... And included champagne, always a nice way to start the day!We had a really nice time at the NH Schiller... It comes highly recommended from us!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ralfvd
<Content>Great location, good service, no parking NH Schiller hotel is a NH hotel on a great location in Amsterdam, the Rembrandtplein.Be sure to go to the right NH hotel, there are two on Rembrandtplein. I tried to check in at the wrong one, but they can see each others reservations so I was easily rerouted to the right hotel. Check in was easy and friendly. They remember me calling 30 minutes before asking for parking directions. Although NH advertises that this hotel has parking spaces, you have to park at Amsterdam's public parking garages, which will set you back around 30 EUR per 24 hours, and a 10 minute walk to the hotel. Hotel room was spacious and very clean. Breakfast was allright, just a normal continental breakfast you'd expect in this kind of hotel. I was only here for one night, so I didn't check any other facilities of this hotel. Overall, if you can find a good deal, this is a good location for exploring Amsterdam.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BamaDave
<Content>Very Nice hotel and Location I will preface this review by noting that this was my first trip to Amsterdam and by reading previous numerous reviews of the hotels their I have come to the conclusion that rooms are SMALL. My room was very small by American standards but don't let me give you the wrong impression. For one person it was the perfect size. It was a standard single bed for which I payed 502 Euros for 3 nights. I realize that this may seem high but it was actually quite fair considering the prices of many many other hotels I looked into. So, on with the review. The hotel is very easily accessible via the tram from Central Station, the stop is directly across from the entrance. The room was exceptionally clean with a flat screen lcd tv, mini bar, desk, and comfortable bed. I will say that I was there in October so the weather was quite moderate....this room didn't have any type of air conditioning so I would ask first in the summer before staying. I can't imagine the heat then. As for the restaurant and bar, the service was impeccable as was the food. If you have never had a Heineken in Amsterdam, you must try one. The waiter convinced me and I could not believe the difference of taste. As for the location, this area is very nice for anyone who wants to walk downtown Amsterdam. The city is fairly small and you can walk it in about 30 minutes from one side to the next(I am 38 and out of shape and done it). I have a hard time comparing this to other hotels but I will say that after reading so many bad reviews of hotels in Amsterdam that I was very pleasantly surprised with this selection. I would recommend it to anyone other than handicapped.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>gnasty71
<Content>A decent stay but not a must. Overall, try elsewhere first       Room with Flat TV  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	5	4	1	

<Author>BelindaTrent
<Content>Make sure you get a room at the back of the hotel We stayed at the Schiller for the Amsterdam Marathon weekend - we have stayed in Amsterdam many times but left booking a little late this time so ended up in this hotel on tacky Rembrantplein..... On the upside, it is very close to the main attractions and trams etc. The rooms were nice and clean but the hotel overall seemed dated and a bit lacklustre. Our first room was on the front side of the hotel - the noise at night was absolutely unbearable, it sounded like someone had set speakers up in our room. We asked to change for our remaining two nights and were moved to a much smaller but quiet room at the back. Bliss, particularly when you need to be well rested before a big run! The rooms overall were clean and well appointed. We only had breakfast on one morning, but found it to be adequate if a little uninspired. There are much better hotels in Amsterdam for the same price or less.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>LittlestHoboScotland
<Content>Stunning Schiller The hotel is situated about 20 minute walk from the station in Rembrandtplein Square area. The reception is large and rustic. All the reception staff spoke excellent English and were extremely helpful. We arrived early but the room was not ready however, they more than happy to store our large luggage cases. There are several cafes and restaurants situated right around the corner from the hotel. The hotel was in a very central location with good tram links. Our room was a decent size by European hotel standards and contained a safe, hairdryer and a whole range of free toiletries e.g. brush, toothbrush, razor etc which were restocked everyday. The decor was very modern and the bed was extremely comfortable. We were situated at the front of the hotel and looked out directly onto the square. At night it could be a bit noisy due to the fact the windows didn't appear to be double glazed however, it didn't stop me from sleeping. Opposite our window was a massive tv screen attached to another building for advertising purposes and whilst it did not bother us flashing all day and night it may bother some. The curtains however managed to block out most of the flashing at night.Overall a very enjoyable stay! I would certainly go back or recommend this to anyone who is looking for a handy hotel as a base to explore the city.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JOROM123
<Content>Awesome Hotel! We stayed at the NH Schiller hotel, during our European Holiday. The hotel is in an excellent location, close to everything!!!We were impressed with the excellent service at Reception upon arrival. Staff were very friendly and spoke great English. The room  hotel has recently been refurbished and even though the lobby is a little outdated, the rooms themselves are excellent, extremely clean and modern. The beds were very comfortable and the room had a plasma tv mounted on the wall. The toilletries in the bathroom were also exceptional and I kept many of them to use at other hotels later on in our trip!. Would definately recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lozbex
<Content>wonderful experience. We booked the hotel mainly down to the reviews on this site for a 2 night stay and where indeed not disappointed. The hotel was first class. They let us check in early upon our arrival (checked in at 10.00am instead of 15.00 hrs.) The room that we stayed in had been recently refurbished and the bed was oh so comfortable. The hotel location was spot on right next to Rembrandt Square with plenty of bars and restaurants close by. Overall the hotel certainly was worth booking and will definitely be returning again soon.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bspecht
<Content>NH Schiller Was Perfect       Statues loced in the park in front of NH Schiller  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

