<Author>jayrhizola
<Content>Friendly Hotel staff would have gone a long way The location is not ideal for someone looking to explore the city. It is too far away and considering the cost of transportation in Amsterdam, a hotel in the city is a better option.The staff are not very friendly and to me they seem to always wear sour faces, whcih was a surprise since everywhere else in Amsterdam, everyone I met were extremely friendly and helpful. A smile will go a long way to make hotel guests feel more comfortable.The staff and manageent were also dishonest. I was expecting a package from Hamburg and for two days I was following up with management if the package has arrived. All I got was a response that no package has arrived and I had to check out of the hotel without the package. Surprise, surprise...I later found out from the delivery company that the package was not accepted by the staff for some unknown reason. All along, someone made a mistake of refusing to accept the package on my behalf but they could not own up to the mistake and tell me what has happened.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	1	4	1	1	1	

<Author>TravelerChriss
<Content>Off the main path, but easy to get downtown We spent nearly a week in this hotel for a convention. I selected it from a list of possibilities from the convention's housing bureau. I have been to Amsterdam may times before, and I know that I wanted a hotel that was not in the heart of the tourist area. I also wanted a hotel that was closer to the Rai Convention Center. These are both true for this Bastion hotel.Location: This hotel is between two tram stops (lines 1 and 17, stops Surinameplein and Derkinderenstraat) and about a 15-minute walk from the Lelylaan Metro station. The tram stops are about 10 minutes either way. The location is a little isolated, so if you don't like to walk in a business area, choose another location. I always felt safe, even when walking at night, but I'm a 6' 1 man. Likewise, if you don't want to walk, this is not the hotel for you.While Amsterdam is a major city, the central area is actually rather compact. Twice during our stay we walked from Centraal Station to the hotel. It takes a while, but it's not impossible.Services: There are no other restaurants next to the hotel. There are some (mostly snack stops) near Surinameplein, but that's at least a 15-minute walk. You can always take a tram to another part of town.The hotel has a restaurant with a short menu. We ate here twice during our stay. The food was good and the portions were larger than I usually see at European hotels.Breakfast is not included in the room charge. My room rate for a double was 101 Euros per night, plus 12 Euros per person for breakfast. The breakfast buffet is typical of those in Europe with breads, rolls, cheeses, sliced meats, fruit, cereal, boiled eggs and scrambled eggs and bacon.I like to send postcards during my trips, and I found a post office just beyond the Lelylaan Metro station. As you leave the hotel and walk toward the Metro station on Schipluidenlaan, walk under the train overpass. The road name changes to Pieter Calandlaan. There is a row of shops on the left side of the street, and behind them is a post office (Post Kantoor).Staff: All of them were mostly helpful. I did not receive any worthwhile restaurant suggestions from the people I asked. They all said to take the tram to the busy areas of town. Except for one person, I felt that they were all at work just to earn a paycheck and not there because they enjoyed working with people.There is a secured parking lot available for a daily fee. Lots of parking is available on the street, although the hotel suggests using the secured lot. I did not see any signs of crime on the street, but the somewhat isolated location makes it a good spot for potential trouble.There is a construction project in progress across the street. I don't know what it being built. The construction vehicles did not interrupt our stay in the evenings and at night. However, at 8 a.m., the pile driver started hammering. We had an early start each morning, so this did not affect us. (CS)  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	3	4	

<Author>Evan76
<Content>Pretty good hotel, a bit out of the way though. The bastion hotel is pretty good I guess, although a bit basic. I have no complaints regarding the hotel and its services. Everything was adequate. The main problem with Bastion was its location. Its located between 2 tram stops, so its a 10-minute hike to get to a tram stop. This might sound not so bad, but you have to consider how many times per day you ll have to do it ( in our case 4 times ) and in what state. We didnt mind so much the hike when we started our day in the morning, but coming back at the evening or night, dead tired from all the walking and sightseeing, that 10 minute ( 1 km ) hike seemed like a lot! Moreover the area around the hotel is described at best, as boring and uninteresting. There was a HUGE construction site on on side and woods on the other with a canal crossing. The area is not like the absolutely magical centre of Amsterdam with the lovely canals and magnificent buildings. Its pretty boring. Once you got to the tram stop, the actual journey to central Amsterdam lasted only about 10 minutes. Amsterdam is QUITE small. Looking at the location of Bastion on a map, it seems like its out in the suburbs, but in reality its distance from the centre is very small! The hotel is located right next to a flyover road crossing and finding its entrance is trickier than you might expect. If you re traveling with the tram follow these steps.... Get off at Surinameplein station. You ll be able to spot the hotel, about 1 km down the main road. Now its the tricky part..... DONT approach it by walkin on the side of the road where the hotel actually is!!!! You must walk on the opposite side of the road. If you do that, then halfway through, you ll notice that the sidewalk splits up and one can either remain on the street level or follow a path that descends. You must take the path that descends. If you stay on street level, or if you walk on the other side of the road, when you finally approach the hotel you ll discover with horror that the entrance of the hotel is located lower than the street level! You ll find yourself standing on a bridge, overlooking the entrance from about 5 metters altitude! Thats what happened to us, and then we had to walk all the way back towards the station (carrying heavy luggage) and pick the right path this time. This has to be the most frustration i ve ever had to face while trying to get to a hotel. If you re on the right path, you ll end up in the same lower level where the hotel is, and after turning left and passing under the aforementioned bridge you ll reach the hotel at last. I hope this didnt sound too confusing. Maybe it would be a good idea to reach the hotel with a taxi for the first time in order to get your bearings.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	1	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Gk1uk47
<Content>A very pleasant stay We stayed at the Bastion Zuidwest hotel from 28th September to the 2nd October 2006. Our stay here was very pleasant. The rooms were very clean, the staff were helpful and the 24 hour front desk meant we weren't locked out when we returned at the hours of the morning. With regards to the food/restaurant i can't really comment as we ate out all the time we were there but from what i did see of the restaurant/bar area it looked ok. The taxi ride from the airport took about 15mins which cost about 30 euros. The hotel is situated about 6 km from the centre of Amsterdam, so be prepared for a brisk 45min walk to the centre or a 10 min walk to the nearest tram stop and a 15min tram ride to the centre. If you are planning on saving leg work and use the trams i would suggest purchasing an unlimited access travel pass. Not only does this save you money but also saves you the embarrassment of pronouncing such places as Nieuwezijds Voorburgwal and Kloveniersburgwal. All in all, i was very pleased with my stay in this reliable 3 star hotel and would recommend it to anyone who prefers to be away from the hustle and bustle of the centre but is prepared for a little travelling each day.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	3	3	

<Author>iSitii
<Content>Lovely hotel, shame about the placement. First things first; the hotel in itself, as a seperate entity, is welcoming and amenable. The staff, in general, are pleasant, fluent in English, and helpful should you need any assistance. The restaurant serves great food (if you're prepared to wait a while) at prices much akin to what you'd pay in central Amsterdam. The bar, however, is awful. 4 Euros for a pint of beer that is some way short of being even satisfactory, and you know there's something wrong when the bar itself is larger than the seating area. More positivley, though, is the free internet next to the bar, which comes in handy for 5 minutes every day to check anything you may need to. We, a group of 4 (18-21 year olds) found the rooms themselves of a high standard, and were cleaned and tidied every day without fail. The TV's had 34 channels, however only about half of which had English speech or subtitles. The wardrobes offered 6 hangers, which, for a room of two people, was a little problematic, but nothing to worry about. Slightly more worrying, however, was the implementation of the card keys used to operate the lifts and hotel doors, as they were often very sporadic and haphazard with regards to their effectiveness, and often (after trying them in the doors/lift about 25 times) had to be reset at reception (which, in fairness, wasn't too much of a problem, but would be if you were on floor 10 for a few weeks..)The minibar in the hotel rooms offered a small but varied selection of snacks, including red wine, pepsi, beer, water, orange juice, salted peanuts, crisps and two types of chocolate (which appeared to be dark and milk, although tasted more like the animal that had produced them). The pricing of the minibar, however, was extraordinary... i.e. 2 euros for a small bar of chocolate, and 鈧?.60 for water. To add insult to injury, the receptionist attempted to charge us for two small bottles of wine and a can of beer when we checked out, which we hadn't touched. I mean, how many 18 year olds do you know who drink red wine? The situation was simply resolved with Erm, no, we haven't had those. We concluded that the hotel maids must have been alcoholics. The hotel room also had a kettle with complimentary coffee and tea, although the view from our window left a lot to be deisred; a train track, metro tram tunnel, and gangrenous river - but hey, who wants to sight-see in Amsterdam.. unless you're talking about those sights.The lifts in the hotel were highly effective and fast, although on one occasion we were stood static for about 1 minute before we realised we hadn't pressed the 3rd floor button..Now, however, comes the bad points. The horrendous points, infact. After finding out to our dismay that the hotel doesn't have any shuttles running to and from the airport regularly at all, which cost us an extra 鈧?0, we endevoured to find the quickest way into town. Walking into the town centre would take you about 3 hours, in all seriousness. The most effective method is either a taxi or metro tram. It takes 20-25 minuts to walk from the hotel to the train station, and (quite disgustingly) about the same period of time for a taxi to pull up outside the hotel after you've booked one at hotel reception. The taxi costs between 14-22 euros dependant on traffic and time, which, between 4 people isn't too bad. The metro tram will cost 鈧?.80 (the machines only accept change) per person per trip: to get this price, press 1 zone, to central station Amsterdam at the ticket machine. Once on the metro, which arrives at the station every 9 minutes, it takes about 15 minutes to get to the central station. We found that using the taxi's was our best option, as for about 鈧? you could get to the town centre in comfort; and I mean comfort. The taxi's were either BMW's, Mercedes Benz's, or Toyota's, all of which were full leather interior and a smooth ride. If you are travelling in a party of 5, a taxi would be the best idea, although if you are in a group of 2-3, the metro would be more effective.In conclusion, this hotel would be ideal had it have been closer to central Amsterdam. As it is, it really isn't. The hotel is, for my money, using false advertising, as it really isn't in Amsterdam as far as i'm concerned. However, our group did get a good deal on our flights and hotel, although the money we saved has been offset by the money we spent travelling to and from the city.P.S. Amsterdam's airport, Schipol, is amazing. We got there at 7-50a.m. for our flight at 10-20am, and could have been at the gate for our flight at 8-15am, because the transition between check-in (all electronic), passport control etc. is so swift.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	1	5	5	5	4	

<Author>AJArmstrong
<Content>Satisfactory I recently stayed here to attend a concert in Amsterdam and found it like the other reviews to be ok, nothing special. It is very convenient for the airport and not too far from a tram line which takes you into the city centre in about 20 mins. My complaint, like the others is that there is absolutely no justification to call this the city centre. A taxi back from the centre costs around EUR20. However the Leidseplein area where many of the best bars/clubs can be found, is much closer and only 10 mins by tram and about EUR11 by cab. The staff were pretty un motivated and could be found in a lounge behind reception smoking and chatting and certainly not making guests their first priority. They were fairly pleasant when you did find them, but some smiles and a bit more friendliness towards their customers wouldn't go amiss! There is also a pretty dire stench in the corridors and the bathrooms have a bit of a smell. Perhaps this is the drains? I think hotel management should look into it. Other than that a pretty average place, does the job if you're not too fussed about where you stay.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	1	4	2	2	4	

<Author>cdcdcd
<Content>Not as bad as the reviews suggest.... I booked this hotel, having read the reviews, because we had a car with us and the more central hotels did not have car parks - parking on the street in Amsterdam is expensive. The hotel was clean and comfortable with a seperate adjoining room for the children. It WAS too hot, as another reviewer mentioned. The trains going by are lous with the windows open, but we enjoyed watching them late at night from the high window! Breakfast was fine, although they pack away promptly at the end, so give yourself time. It IS about 15 minutes on the trams, and I wouldnt recommend travelling alone at night as the walk back is through an industrial estate and under a flyover. That said, Amsterdam is fairly safe for a major city, and we didnt intend to be out late with children. Metros run frequently.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>jockdock
<Content>Not a holiday hotel I would agree 100% with the traveller who stayed here on the 26th of July. We arrived 2 days later and were shocked to find ourselves out in the middle of nowhere. To get to the tram line you have to go through a very dodgy underpass and I wouldn't have liked to have been out in the area at night. The room was stifling (you could only open the windows about 10cm) and when you did it was non stop traffic noise. The staff, although pleasant, did not seem very motivated and a 5 to 10 minute wait to be served at the bar was not uncommon even when no one else was there. This is a business hotel and should be advertised as such, we read every review available at the time but nothing prepared us for living in an industrial estate. It was so bad that on the first night we spent most of it on the free internet computer trying to get a flight home!!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	2	2	3	

<Author>mavster07
<Content>Hotel Advertising Location is a lie. Avoid this hotel. This hotel advertised that it was smack bang in the middle of Amsterdam. What a joke ! It's nowhere near it. It's several miles outside of Amsterdam - at least a 30 minute tram ride and when you get off the tram, if you'd never been there before, you'd have no idea how to get to the hotel. It's surrounded by freeways and construction sites and a canal and you are metres away from it but can't get to the entrance.The room booking wasn't right, the ventilation was shocking so it was like a sweatbox each day and night and the staff were very inflexible.On top of all that, it's rated at 3 stars. 3 stars means it has basic ameninities and that includes good ventilation. 1 star would be generous.Avoid this hotel at all costs.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>zackdotcom
<Content>ok just ok... So I'm an american citizen, but i have traveled the world. Thailand, laos, japan, and most of the rest of europe... this hotel ranks right in the middle. on US standards its a 2 star not great not bad but just there very college dorm like. the beds are remarkably comfortable for the EU and the shower was nice better than some i have had here. the location i must warn you is the downfall... it is between 2 s tops i can not spell or pronounce but take the 1 line out i timed it 12 min from central station to the parks... its right next to the freeways of AMS... the noise is not bad. not any worse than any other city or hotel in the central district. I had a hard time working their safe in the room so i just locked my bags and then locked them to the beds... but the people are very nice and i would not suspect any wrongdooings. the soaps and such are a little blah... id bring something you like. WI FI is free in all the rooms, also due to the city park your cars in their lots there is some evedience of breakins...i would reccomend staying in the jordaan but we paid just a bit over 100 usd per night so its not bad on the price scale...  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Peckham of Amsterdam This hotel is MILES from Amsterdam (30 minutes on the Tram) and has no right to describe itself as anywhere near Central Station or any of the attractions.The hotel is clean and tidy enough, but this part of town is NOT somewhere you want to return to after a night on the tiles. It resides on an industrial estate surrounded by motorway fly-overs and building sites. The only safe way to return at the end of each day is to hire a taxi - and that's going to cost you 20 Euros each time.The staff were friendly enough but where mostly unobtainable. Whilst staying here I witnessed several complaints from customers and breakfast was frankly a shambles. We couldn't get into our room for two hours because the key\lock was broken and when we did there was an unpleasant smell coming from the toilet.When you take into account the taxi fares you're better off booking somewhere closer to the centre of Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>royahassett
<Content>Good quality hotel a little out the way. We had a more than pleasant stay at the Bastion Zuidwest. A 15 minute tram ride from the centre was not much to endure at the end of a long day.In a fairly quiet office area location, a litle way out of town, but no transport problems whatsoever. Good size spacious, clean rooms with a large bathroom and fantastic power shower. Not the cheapest place but not over expensive like many of the central hotels which can be a bit run down also. No complaints from us, we had a great time and getting around was never a problem. Go for it, we would definetely go there again.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Achtung Riesenbaustelle in ca. 80m   showReview(18538325, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mal schauen   showReview(17443726, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel pulito ma scomodo   showReview(17443725, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel   showReview(16602074, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CaDam
<Content>Bon h么tel   showReview(14519774, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon hotel pr猫s du centruum   showReview(11307334, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sauberes Zimmer aber schlechte Lage   showReview(11659870, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Prima Hotel empfehlenswert   showReview(11659871, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MicraBarcelona
<Content>muy bien   showReview(8670834, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wundersch枚nes Autobahnhotel zu einem g眉nstigen Preis   showReview(11400908, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel nel suo complesso non 猫...   showReview(11416818, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

