<Author>sribababooi
<Content>Hidden gem We had a fantastic week. From the moment we arrived we were treated with professionalism and warmth. We had a phenomenal upper level Oceanfront junior suite which was tastefully decorated and very spacious. It was consistently cleaned twice daily and no details were left untouched. Being vegetarian, we were accommodated beyond our expectations making gourmet meals something to look forward to. There are 5 points we would like to summarize about this resort. 1) the staff - from the manager (Mr.Roca) to all others were kind and helpful. 2) the beach is simply beautiful 3) the swimming pool was special and unique as was the spa and all related amenities 4) the bridges and second level rustic walkways are architecturally interesting and fun to walk on 5) the grounds are well maintained and the scent of flowers is everywhere. We would recommend this to people who understand they are visiting a luxury resort on a Spanish speaking island where one should not expect big city service and attitude.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>alexjd
<Content>The Agua Resort is not a Disaster - A True Gem! After reading many negative reviews, I was nervous before arriving at Agua. Yes, the commute from the Airport to the resort is not smooth by any means, but this is something you will encounter on your way to most resorts in Punta Cana. After dishing out $10 to get into the country, I thought I had seen it all, but I was wrong. After 15 minutes of smooth roads, we found ourselves travelling on bizarre one lane paths of dirt and rocks (again you may have to drive these roads to get to the majority of the resorts). Where is the $$ going that one pays to enter DR?Arriving at the resort, we received a fresh cocktail and a refreshing towel before we were taken to our gorgeous new home. Make sure to get an Oceanfront Suite as you will find yourself right on top of the beach. It was gorgeous, absolutely perfect and serene. The rooms are modern and of the nicest I have seen. Great linens and a nice flatscreen tv with ESPN, CNN and SHO. What more can you ask for? No clocks in the room as keeping track of time no longer matters once you arrive at Agua. The staff was so friendly and everyone was so pleasant and willing to do anything to make our stay as memorable as it was. The bar staff would bring us complimentary cocktails everyday as we laid out by the pool and on the beach. The kitchen staff catered to our requests and prepared numerous special dishes for us that were not necessarily on the menu. Lunch was delicious at the open outdoor bar overlooking the ocean and I would recommend the pesto with seafood. Delicious! The chef was very talented and prepared AWESOME seabass for us nightly. Housekeeping would bring us 2 fresh bottles of water each day and there was nothing to complain about. During breakfast, we had some of the freshest OJ I have ever tasted! I'm craving it as we speak.Throughout the week, we ventured to the Excellence Resort during the day to take advantage of the All Inclusive festivities and we got some exercise on this 15 minute beachside walk. Excellence is a top rated resort on Trip Advisor and the rooms looked like they were from the Jersey Shore! They cannot compare with Agua! The grounds CANNOT compare to the beauty that is the Agua Resort. One night we decided we wanted to play the casino and we went over to the Dreams Resort. It's simply too large, and again not nearly as private or accomodating as Agua. Do not pay any attention to any of the negative reviews in the past, this place is truely wonderful. Give this place a chance and you will not be disappointed. The beach is perfect. There is plenty to do and we took advantage of the ATVs, horseback riding and even massages in the beautiful spa. People need to keep in mind that the infrastructure in the DR is not perfect and when you travel to some of these resorts it becomes difficult to leave and take cabs elsewhere. All in all, I cannot wait to go back!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jjk04
<Content>Great Place! Will go back! We were there for 7 days for our Honeymoon and it was amazing. We had a beachfront room and we were sooo relaxed that we didn't really want to do much else once we got there. The staff are amazing and very nice and the food was great too. I wouldn't order their burgers or sandwiches but everything else was great! Yes, the car ride to the resort is long but we ended up taking the helicopter back to the airport so you might want to do that both ways...we are going to do that next time!One thing that did bother us was the fact that the AC wasn't really working...or maybe we just werent used to the humidity. After a few days I got used to it though. Not sleeping under the blankets or sheets helped. We are going back for sure!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Bobsfriend
<Content>Great hotel Just came back from the Agua Hotel. The hotel upgraded us to a great beach front room.The hotel grounds are gorgeous. The staff is amazing. The food at the restaurant is great. The beach is great and the sand is perfect. This is a hotel if your looking to relax and not do to much. Since there are not many activities to choose from. The only negatives is they don't change the menu selections of what they offer in the restaurant for breakfast, lunch or dinner so you can get sick of the same food. The water pressure to fill are bathtub was so slow that it took thirty minutes to fill. It takes over an hour to get to the resort from the airport. Well I plan to go back and suggest other people stay here.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	1	

<Author>Kgraterol
<Content>Already dreaming of going back       Mi piscina privada  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jamescookozoz
<Content>The Agua Resort is a disaster We went to the Agua resort end December.The staff was friendly, but not well trained at all. Most of the staff did not speak english (ina 5 Star place). (It would be good if you could talk spanish). The view from our garden suite was nice. Beach and the sand in front of the room was not clean (plastic, straws, rubbish). The water in our plunge pool had a green color and was not clean at all. After al small meal at 4 pm on the terasse the maid did not take the dishes away until I told her the next day noon. the service in the restaurant for dinner was not good at all. The table resevation went wrong. They severd the wine after I asked them many times for it after our main meal. At the bar they mixed the drinks 3 times totaly wrong. The Bartender had a list how to make the drink from the drink card. He was not able to mix it (he did not understand the mixture on his note.Our room was not very clean. We woke up in the middle of the night our bed was full of ants biting us. we had big spiders on the wall, and bugs on the floor. Next morning I called Mr Castro the Manager and he had a look at our room. he promised to clean it and do something against the small animals. Next evening the 31st. we had no water for 2 hrs. In the night the ants spiders and bugs were back. We changed the room and left the hotel the next morning. I got it all on video for our travelagent.The travelagent paid us the 3 nights back. they spoke to Mr. Castro but during their negoiation Mr Castro did not reply to my trvelagency any more. I think they paid part of it out of their own pocket.If you expect nothing (2 Star hotel) you might go to Agua resort.If you expect what they advertise Don't go just don't go!For us it REALLY was a disaster!! Mr. Castro is not a manager to lead this hotesl to a 5 star place. I was very dispointed they way he act with our travelagent. At least we had our money for 3 nights back. It means something if you get money back you already paid. I hope they will take this Hotel out of their catalogue here in Switzerland.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>uncleBad
<Content>Could Not Wait To Leave If you want Dominican service at New York prices, then this is the place for you. We experienced all of the pitfalls discussed in other reviews -- bone jarring ride from airport, lackluster food, ridiculous costs, and the feeling that once you get there, you're trapped in a Dominican Bizarro World of rip-offs designed exclusively for foreign tourists.Then add to that the huge man eating spiders in our luxurious ocean front room. (I am traumatized, and to this day am still afraid to open my underwear drawer at home.) As mentioned, many guests have either scalding hot water or ice cold water from the showers. A tropical squall flooded a couple of ocean front rooms with an inch of water, while folks upstairs with the thatched roof experienced little worms and insects falling from the ceiling. (I hope they slept with their mouths closed!)These are the stories of the folks that traveled with us as part of a corporate reward / retreat for my company. Of the seven couples that went, we all had freaky little horror stories. Our stay was a lesson in Dominican dysfunction, which would be cute if it were not supposed to be at a luxury resort. Nor is it cure that you are presented with a water menu whenever you dare to eat there. (Several in our party became ill from the food.) They tell you the water from the tap is undrinkable and then sell you $8 bottles of water with your meal. I found the local rum to be both tastier and cheaper!The front desk staff was ill equipped to handle any of the cavalcade of issues their hotel was presenting its guests. For example, they were unable to offer me change for a $50 bill, and had no stamps for my postcards. although they promised to send them for me, and I paid them to mail them. my little nieces and nephews never received their cards. In addition, the internet connections promised in the rooms were (again predictably) not working.The spa semed to have lots of nice things in it, but the whirlpool was lukewarm and the stream room was not working. The sauna was nice when they remembered to turn it on -- which seemed to be every other day. They invested a lot of money into the spa to not have it functioning properly, and such seemed to typify both the Agua resort and the surrounding area.When we tried to escape from Agua and venture to go out for dinner one night to the nearby Al Navigante, we were again subject to another fiasco. When we were served wine that had turned to vinegar they tried to charge us for the bad wine. They also added two additional dinners to the tab. When I protested the extra charges they tried to negotiate. Indeed -- they exemplified the apparent Dominican business ethic when dealing with tourists: Take them for all you can!A day trip to a Dominican cigar factory took us to a shop in Bavaro run by a woman from Switzerland who had two guys rolling stogies, and while the guys in our group smoked free samples, the ladies were shown local jewelry for purchase. Indeed, it seemed as if the only place where we were being scammed worse than in the hotel was just anywhere else in the DR!Yes, there were some positives. The wait staff at Agua was entirely friendly and they seemed to genuinely enjoy teaching Spanish to my wife and I. Also, the beach is very nice and the water was inviting. (However, the water was also pretty cloudy when we were there and I am told it is largely unsuitable for snorkeling.)When our week was over, we were all very anxious and quite happy to leave. Again predictably, the driver was late to pick some of our fellow travelers up. They were late to the airport and almost missed their flights.Perhaps luxury resort and the Dominican Republic are mutually exclusive. It sure seemed so at Agua. After all, in the DR even the sidewalks have potholes! Yes, the people we met were for the most part very nice, unless you had to deal with money, and the beach was very nice. However, there are far too many negatives to outweigh the few positives, and Agua charges way too much to expect its guests to overlook those negatives. To Agua I say Adios and good riddance!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	2	4	1	

<Author>Zucker1234
<Content>Great Ammenities, Terrible Booking Process and Check In, Among Others We went to Agua for our honeymoon. While the ammenties were excellent and the room that we got was about 10 feet from the beach, we did have some issues.We booked a package that included a private plunge pool that was part of our room. When we got there they said that the plunge pool was not working. After we were there a few days we realized that they had overbooked the rooms. The plunge pool was one of the main reason we choose this place.We stayed at the resort for 11 days. The restaurants do not change their menus ever and the basics certainly were not on the menus. For exmaple, for breakfast they have tons of salmon but no bagels; and when asked they look at me like I have two heads.I must admit thought, that the resort itself is awsome! They gave us a moonlight private dinner, which was really romantic. In addition, they do have special dinners on certian nights and the amount of food that is servied is huge!Other than the booking issues, that we are STILL trying to get a credit on, the resort was perfect. If you want activities thought, I would go to Excellence. Agua is meant for realxation, and 11 days of relaxation is a little long. There are no activites (including water activites) so it is pretty much eating laying in the sun, eating more, playing board games, and eating more.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	2	2	4	3	

<Author>oddmom
<Content>Can't Wait to Go back Just returned from a 7-day stay at Agua. We decided to try it despite reservations after reading some Tripadvisor reviews. We were happily surprised. There are definite pluses and minuses but this is a new resort and management really tries. In our opinion Agua has what it takes to become a 5 star resort.Pluses: Beautiful, open layout around a meandering pool complex. The landscaping was thoughtful and made nice use of the local flora although a few plants looked unhappy. The rooms were very large, well laid out and beautifully appointed with local stone, woods, and thatched roofs. The beds and linens (Frette) were extremely comfortable and the bathrooms w/outdoor showers and tubs were really luxurious. All of the staff was genuinely kind and considerate and we never felt pressured in any way. The spa with its unique pools were an oasis of tranquility; soothing music, refreshing healthy drinks and lovely indoor/outdoor lounging areas. We didn't partake of any of the spa services but used the pools, baths and lounges everyday. The gym was perfectly adequate with a decent mix of cardio and weight machines. The Front Desk was always attentive and helpful, all our taxis and scheduled activities were exactly on time and follow up phone calls to confirm were made. Since Agua is so small (55 rooms) all of the guests there were friendly and there was a congenial sense of shared pleasure. Most of the guests were from Europe or So.America and all (except for 1 very unhappy lady) were well mannered and relaxed.Minuses: It's true that the food is not up to par but it is definitely edible. Breakfast (included) was a buffet selection that was more than adequate; eggs any style, yogurts, fresh fruits and pastries (not so good).It was the same everyday and by the time we left we had it down to eggs, yogurt and fresh mango. Some days we went to the restaurant but most days we ordered in as our villa was so huge and comfortable. Lunch ended up being tuna fish salad sandwiches (Very good) We tried the burger (too spicy) and the caesar salad (too much dressing)and were enticed by the smell of the garlic shrimp (never did try them). For dinner we went next door to the Sivory for some very good food. Its a 3-minute walk on the beach; totally safe, romantic and worth it. They have 3 restaurants: Gourmet, Asian and Casual. I did partake of the special de gustacion dinner o the beach at Agua on Thursday night and it was very good. I was told they are adding another restaurant soon.The weirdest minus at Agua was the agua. On arrival we were upgraded to a huge 2-bedroom villa w/2 living rooms and private plunge pool. It was amazingly spacious and sophisticated.. The only problem was that we couldn't get the water temperature to work in the bathrooms and we had to take scalding hot showers. The outdoor bathtub kept beckoning me but it took hours to fill and would have cooked us alive. We didn't complain and made good use of the spa facilities which had better temp controls. I stayed on an extra 2 days after my family left and moved to a regular room (also huge and lovely). In that room I couldn't get much hot water...definitely some kinks to work out there.Despite these minor things we would return in a heartbeat. Yes, the 1.5 hour drive on crummy roads was annoying and the food is not great but Agua's proximity to NY, overall physical beauty and excellent service makes it worth a return visit.Definitely go horseback riding on the beach and ask for Fausto. My 13-year-old daughter just wanted to gallop full speed on the beach so that's what we did for an hour. It was fantastic! Even the horses are happy and relaxed. We also walked south along the beach to the mega hotels (Excelence and Sirenese) just for fun and some shopping. There are lots of little shacks along the beach selling the same over priced trinkets, paintings and mamajuana (a local, herbal aphrodisiac...)It was fun to look around and the shopkeepers were friendly and not pushy or aggressive. But we really appreciated the serenity and natural beauty of the Agua and couldn't wait to get back to our intimate oasis.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nefch
<Content>It could be a great resort... The good: The Agua is a stunning and beautiful resort. The rooms are wonderful. Housekeeping is excellent. The staff is very nice. The beach is great 鈥?you can walk for miles and miles.The bad: The main pool had no water and they tried to keep it a secret and so did not inform our travel agency! There was only one restaurant open and the food was not very good.This resort has the potential to be a Four Seasons, but it needs at least one additional restaurant (and more guests). Basically, the management does not seem to be capable of making the Agua the luxury resort it could be.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>thereveler
<Content>Great hardware...terrible software As as the amenities of the resort are concerned, Agua is a great resort. Think Aman-Light. The rooms are very large and well designed. The public areas are also very nice. The beach is beautiful. But...there is a very big but. 1) The resort is very far from the airport and the road to get there is terrible. 2) Only a handful of the resort' 50+ rooms were occupied so the place was Deadville 3)The food was disgusting, primarily because there was no volume of visitors 4) the spa services were lame 5) the service was well-intentioned but very clumsy. In addition, there was no attention to details. For example, the music was a short list of 15 merigue-like songs that kept playing over and over and over... It was really attrocious. But on a positive note, if Agua gets any significant levels of business and becomes more professional at hosting premium visitors, it could become a fabulous destination.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>1	2	5	1	5	3	3	2	

<Author>mandys97
<Content>Almost perfect...can't wait to go back       the beach  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Taylor514
<Content>Beautiful Resort, Fantastic Service and a Memorable Trip The Punta Cana area is mostly known for huge all-inclusive resorts, but fortunately The Agua Resort, a botique spa hotel, has arrived in the beautiful Uvero Alto region. What a find this place was!Arrival at the Punta Cana airport can be confusing with locals hustling for your luggage and the large groups from Apple Vacations and the like being hoarded onto their busses like cattle. It was a pleasure to see a man standing right outside of baggage claim with our name on a sign and a big smile, ready to take our bags into a private air-conditioned van for the ride to the resort. Agua is about an hour away from the airport, and although some of the roads are not well paved and it can seem as there are no actual traffic laws on this island, the trip was not a problem at all - nothing like the horrendously nauseating drive from Montego Bay to Negril. The last stretch is on an entirely unpaved road which leads to very large and non-descript doors, but as soon as they are opened - wow! The beautiful outdoor lobby opens up to what appears to be an incredible oasis in the middle of nowhere. Drinks and cold towels are brought over and as seemed to be the pattern throughout the week, the staff are extremely attentive and courteous. Make no mistake - this hotel is small (just fifty-one rooms) so if you are looking for a mega-resort with non-stop activities it is probably not for you. That being said, it is one of the most beautiful places that either of us have ever stayed. The rooms are simply elegant - not fancy but incredibly warm and soothing. The floors, lamps, bathroom area and everything else were designed with a great attention to the relaxing esthetic. So are all of the public areas. I highly recommend checking out the pictures on the website and then imagining the actual resort being even more beautiful in person. Our room was on the first of two levels and right on the beach. Now this is not simply an ocean-view or beach-front room; it is actually right on the beach. Large sliding glass doors open to a patio with a table and two huge lounge chairs which are actually connected to the sand. The view is incredible and it is so nice just to open your door and be right on the beach. The sand is a fine golden color and the water nice and blue; just the typical perfect beach that the Punta Cana area is known for (although the sand is not the pure white of some of the other beaches). All in all, this was the perfect setting to enjoy five days of pure relaxation, excellent food, great service, long walks on the beach and lots of lounging around. After reading some of the reviews on Trip Advisor, I actually started getting cold feet and almost cancelled this hotel and thought of moving down the beach to Excellence. What a bad move that would have been. With that in mind, I would like to address some of the concerns that I had while reading these other postings.No doubt the hotel is new and is experiencing some growing pains. Some things just do not work and apparently repairs in The Dominican are none too swift. Thankfully, the excellent management makes up for any problems quickly.Two examples - Upon our arrival the main pool was not functional, so we were upgraded to that fantastic room right on the beach. I don't know why anyone would want to use the pool anyway with that beautiful beach right there, but it did look pretty cool.The wireless internet was not working correctly in our room, and since it looked like repairs were a long way off, they gave us a key to a vacant room which had a strong wireless signal. So problem solved, and who wants to spend all day on the internet anyway when on vacation? Also, the business center has a free computer with internet that was always vacant. So no problem there.As far as the food, they must have gotten a new chef or maybe threatened the old one, because the food was plentiful and delicious. Our only comment on the food quality was that we would have enjoyed a few more simple dishes such as plain grilled fish in the Mediterannean style. This stuff was a little heavy at times (although they can prepare it any way that you like). That being said, although the menu was small, every night they had dinner specials which were quite good. Definitely ask about the Dominican dinner, which if you don't mind eating goat is not to be missed. Many seemed to comment on the cost of the food. No question, this is not an all inclusive and they don't charge Denny's prices, but then again it is a high-end resort spa. If you want piles and piles of mediocre food and long lines perhaps an all-inclusive is for you. Even so, the prices were much lower than what you would expect at a Four Seasons or Ruth's Chris. The big disadvantage is that it is pretty tough to get an inexpensive light dinner if that is what you are craving. But the great thing is that they always throw in some little special sometings that you don't order, so the value always turned out well. An example would be delicious lobster bisque in a large shot glass topped with a snail that came with dinner one night. Yum! Also, one of us was celebrating a birthday and they were extremely generous with goodies that night. Along with the food, the food service was superb. Definitely order lunch at the beach grill and have it brought over to your beach chairs. What an experience! We ordered club sandwhiches, and they just went wild. First came ice buckets for our beer, then nachos and guac one day, fresh fruit the next, tropical punch the next; all complimentary. We even asked if they had fresh coconut and ten minutes later it showed up beautifully sliced and delicious. Keep in mind, this was all at no charge. So while the prices may be a bit high-end, all the goodies come along with it. Another typical complaint was that not much English was spoken. Well, DUH! It's a Spanish speaking country! The world does not revolve around Americans. Even so, take a few minutes to make an attempt at Spanish and you will be treated extremely well. There are enough English speaking staff that communication is really not a problem. We really enjoyed taking long beach walks every day. This is a perfect beach for a long walk with fine sand and warm gentle waters. Walk to your right when facing the ocean and you can go for quite a while. Plus, eventually you will pass the Excellence Resort with its military bunker styling and be glad that you didn't stay there. Right next to the Excellence there is a small string of shops that are good for souvenirs, island jewelery, cigars, etc. If you ask, they will even bring you back a cold six-pack of the great local beer, Presidente. (Oh - here is a tip. If you leave a few dollars and a note for the evening housekeeper, she will stock you up with water and a few bottles of beer which magically did not show up on our bill!) The Spa at Agua was just right - nice atmosphere for massages and a really interesting Circuit Pool with all kinds of neat things like a hot tub, cool slabs with water jets, a waterfall, water massagers, a mist shower, etc. Very fun to hang out there. To wrap it up, if you are looking for a mega-resort with beach volleyball, water aerobics, obnoxious music blasting on the beach and gobs of free food and alcohol, The Agua is not for you. But of you want an incredibly indulgent vacation, relishing in the fact that there is not much to do except relax among incredible architecture with fantastic service, this may be your hotel. No question they are still working out a few kinks, but it didn't seem to matter at all. The service always made up for the few problems we encountered. They try very hard to get everything right, and definitely succeed. We will be back!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Aguardiente
<Content>Remember that even Rome was not built in one day       View from our room  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LawOnTravel
<Content>If you want to eat, do not go to Agua I strongly urge anyone considering this resort to go somewhere else. The best things that i can say about this resort is that the staff were very friendly and outgoing. I enjoyed my trip solely because of my girlfriend. If she was not with me, I would have changed my flight and returned home early.Besides my girlfriend, the things that I liked best about this resort was that the sun was shining and warm, and they had alcohol. The problems:The resort is at least 55 minutes from the airport and any sign of civilization. However, the civilization 55 minutes away is not one worth the travel. This would be ok, or even romantic, if the resort were a different resort.The biggest problem by far is the fact that the food is unedible. The menu is miniscule, which would be ok, if it was gourmet as they contend. Breakfast is fine, but not good. It is fine because they have a lot of fruit and finger sandwiches. The lunch is served at the bar near the beach. The food here is horrendous. If you are looking for a hamburger with grayish-white meat, this is your place. If you want soggy french fries that taste nothing like french fries, they've got them. We ate next door at Sivory over and over again because we simply couldn't find anything worth getting sick over.Our bathroom smelled faintly of sewer. I inquired with managment about this and was told that once construction company built half the resort and a different one who knew less about plumbing did the other half. This explanation, while satisfying, did not help with the smell everytime you went to the bathroom.There was no nightlife unless you want to go to Excellence for the night. Over the entire week, I believe I only saw 4 people total in the pool. They did not use chlorine, and openly welcomed dead insects and worms to hang out in the pool since no humans wanted to go in it. All in all, the resort is beautiful, but not worth it unless they pay the airfare and charge 150 per night.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	1	3	4	5	2	

<Author>APK111
<Content>Beautiful Resort / Horrendous Food Although I have traveled extensively, I'm sorry to say, this is the first time that I have taken the time to write a review. I love trip advisor and have counted on the reviews to guide me in the right direction. After visiting Auga Resort (Christmas week) I felt I had no choice but to share my experience. The resort was beautiful. Our suite (garden view junior suite) was up there with high end boutique hotels I have stayed in in the past. The service was great...the staff was very friendly, but the fact that the staff barely understood English was a problem. I have to say that my generally positive feeling took a sharp turn south when we ate lunch and went directly to the south pole when we tried to eat dinner. The resort prides itself on having hired a top chef from Spain. All I can say is that the food (aside from Breakfast) was uneatable. If you are looking for a quick weight loss program then this is the place for you. If having the option of good food is one criteria to a great vacation, then Agua is not for you!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mmminla
<Content>Beautiful hotel, not yet 5-star We visited Agua the last week of November 07, and had a very enjoyable time. Here's a quick summary. First, the good: beautiful hotel and grounds, gorgeous beachfront rooms, great water circuit, good food if you ask for what you want, great horseback riding. The not-so-good: lack of menu variety, language difficulty, staff not well-trained, some equipment issues (spa).We stayed in the beachfront room, which was spacious, beautifully designed and very comfortable. It's right on the beach with a plunge pool and gorgeous view, although the plunge pool isn't heated and so we didn't spend much time in it. The only complaint about the room is that each night the hotel nicely left a small plate of sweets for us after dinner (nice touch), but we couldn't eat it because small black ants were all over the plate each night. We informed the manager but it was never rectified - we felt badly that they went to the trouble and we couldn't appreciate it. To be clear, we only found ants on the dessert plate, never on the bed or our belongings. The bed was comfortable and water pressure was good.The spa was nicely laid out, but you have to ask for the fitness room, steamroom, sauna and water circuit to be turned on before use. The water circuit is imaginative and unique - I've never seen anything like it before - but the temperature is inconsistent. Sometimes the water was jacuzzi-temperature, sometimes just slightly warm.As for the food, the regular menu items are only okay and limited, but the specials and special requests are far better - you need to ask if they have specials each night as they don't offer them up. We highly recommend scampi-style prawns with butter and garlic - they were fantastic, and we ate them several nights. One night, we ordered a seafood special, and received lobsters (full lobsters), the prawns, mussels, and two kinds of fish - fantastic, and so much food! The staff tries to please but the language issue often comes into play when ordering food - we ordered BLTs and received sliced pork sandwiches. Another couple at the hotel, however, ordered pizza and chicken nuggets (not on the menu) and the staff bent over backwards to make it happen. Breakfasts were served on our patio each morning and were delicious - eggs, french toast, pancakes, beautiful fresh fruit platters.Activities were limited while we were there. Because of the muddy water and large waves when we were there, we couldn't swim, snorkel or kayak, so we mainly hung out by the pool. It was very quiet and relaxing, but there were a couple of other fun couples there that livened things up. I agree with others that some kind of entertainment or beach BBQ would be great in the evenings.The horseback riding is a must - the horses were in good shape, and if you've never ridden on the beach, it is an experience you shouldn't miss. Our ride was at sunset, and we went up and down the beach and then on a back road where we could watch the sun set behind the mountains - beautiful.The vacation overall would have been better if the weather had been better, but that's not anything the hotel can control. However, one thing guests should know is that the hotel is close to a river and the beach/water gets dirty during/after a storm. When we were there, there had just been a storm, and it took at least 5 days for the water to get close to resembling blue Caribbean water.All in all, it was a very enjoyable time, but the hotel is definitely not up to the 6-star level that I read about online, and in a few areas not 5-star either. If you are flexible, patient and speak some Spanish, Agua is a fantastic place. On the other hand, if you are an extremely discriminating and demanding traveler, and expect service with no hiccups, Agua is not the place for you.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	5	3	3	

<Author>Bells
<Content>Wonderful Trip! We just returned from a wonderful week at Agua. The resort is as the pictures look on the website, really beautiful architecture and landscaping.  We stayed in a deluxe beachfront room which was by far one of the nicest rooms we have been in in the Carribean. The room is spacious and right on the beach. It was great to lay in bed and see the ocean when we woke up. The shower and tub also had a huge window facing the ocean which was amazing! I would not want to stay longer than a week mainly because of the menu. The food was very good but the lack of variety (only one dinner menu) was tough. They definitely need a better selection and although they seemed accomodating the language barrier was tough and they would say yes but bring whatever was on the menu. Same goes for lunch and breakfast. We ended up going to the Sivory next door for dinner twice (the walk on the beach at night is beautiful and it is very close). The resort was very quiet at times we felt like we were the only ones there which we loved. The tennis courts are a mess, not worth it. The spa is great but they need to leave the steam room and suana on all the time, same goes for the heating of the indoor pool. Horseback riding is a must! They have kayaks you can take out which is a must as well. And get a couples massage, it was amazing. Overall our time at the resort went too fast. It is really beautiful and I think it has the potential for being 5 star. They need to be more consistent with their service and offer a much larger variety of food. The food is pricey but comparable to other resorts of this caliber. If you are looking for a peaceful, quiet trip, bring some good books and enjoy!  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>mbganni
<Content>trip to simple relaxation luxury want to post my view on past visit during october to Agua Resort, an impressive entrance to the property with the front door been open by a doorman, givin the feeling of somethign out of the movies, out of the real world and into my own dream!!the grounds and building as you arrive is just a dream. approach by the bartender with a smile only afforded to relatives arriving at home, the ritual of lukewarm towels to refresh (the day was somber by the rain fall from several days), our check-in was efficient and so fast that by the time we got our welcome cocktail we were on our way through a tour of the property with the final destination our room but the beach restaurant caught the curiosity out of us...an artful building of palm fronds entwined showing the pride of the local craftmen who build it.the menu was of moderate size in terms of choices but we opted for paella.....um,um!!!! and the compliment appetizer arepitas de yuca reassure us that we have picked the right right place to relax for a few days. service was attentive  graceful with the locals always willing to share a story of the area.finally, our room was located in front of a large pool and with direct access from my terrace...!!!just awesome.the beach was a bit rough due to the weather, so we spent lots of time at the indoor pool of the spa which by the way was temperature controlled, with plenty of features like self induced massage on a bed inside the pool. the treatments were basic in nature but the personnel was in training for a new spa menu with tropical fruits, cacao, sugar cane and such.It's perfect for the short R  R, and romantic....definitely it is.Thanks Agua for a relaxing experience on a unspoiled spot of simple luxury.A, RochlitzGermany  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>susyItaly
<Content>a different place ! Just few words about this resort: I don't usually write reports about the hotels I visit (and they are so many, expecially in the Caribbean) but I had such a wonderfull time at Agua Resort that I decided to tell the world about it. Maybe I should keep the secret with me because I already made a reservation for april and I hope I'll not find the place too crowded.From the arquitecture to the staff, the beach, the restaurant: all was perfect and from the first moment you set foot on the propriety you'll feel like a special person.They know how to take care of you.I spent 5 days relaxing in total luxury with the nice feeling to be at home....so, just not to feel too sad when I was leaving, I made sure too book an entire week in april !!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ipf
<Content>Not just there yet This place is beautiful and has potential, but you may want to wait before going there until they improve a few, but important things (food, management, service). Meanwhile, there are places in the Carribeans and other beach locations (mexico, guadeloupe, iles maurice, thailand, zanzibar) where you can get much better value for the same budget. ARCHTECTURE is the best part: beautiful landscaping, gorgeous rooms, showers, tiles etc (although poorly laid- so there was always water in the shower). The plunge pool is a joke. Also, ocean view rooms (as opposed tp ocean front) are in the back, but you can get a glimpse of the sea from the terrace.FOOD choice is very limited, substandard quality and overpriced. The descriptions sound fancy but that's about it. We would have preferred simple fresh fish/seafood dishes. Do not even try the deserts (i got stomach sick from them twice). There are hardly any outside options, as you are not in a town - Sivory has better (but not great) food for less. The water menu, starting at $7/bottle, is another failed claim to luxury: mineral water should be complimentary in places where you can't drink from the tap. Here you occasionally get a small bottle per day in the room.SERVICE: staff was friendly but lacked energy, guidance and responsiveness. Just to give one example, every day since the first day we asked for mint for mojitos and were told 'tomorrow'. I wonder if anyone ever tried to get it. It could not have been that hard: the neighboring hotel had it. The problem is not the staff, but rather the lack of leadership, and disengagement from management - this needs to improve for the hotel to deliver its claim to luxury.We are a young couple liking small, not all-inclusive, discreet, not very crowded resorts, but when we were there it was rather dead (only 4 rooms were occupied, and luckily we met one other very nice couple ). A bit of live music, barbeques, cocktails etc. would help bring a bit of life, experience and local touch..  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>2	1	5	4	3	2	2	2	

<Author>iroc333
<Content>Almost paradise, but not quite.... My husband and I booked this trip and were excited for fun, sun, good food, and pampering (we are 30 and travel extensively). As we arrived we were greeted by Freddy (beware of the dozens of others who will try to hustle you into their cabs) who drove us in the resort's air conditioned SUV (included in room rate). He was great, and it made the hour and 20 minute ride more bearable. If you can, spring for the helicopter, albeit overpriced, you will save yourself time, and motion sickness. These roads are horribly potholed and littered with boulders (did I mention cattle and horses crossing at will and no road laws or police?). We arrived at a resort that met our expectations in many ways, and fell short on others. The staff was accommodating and friendly (albeit scarce), and the grounds and rooms were just what I would expect in a boutique caribbean resort, a very pretty resort with great appeal. We had an oceanfront junior suite, beach level (the only way to go!) which was spacious and well appointed. The problems began within an hour of arrival and mainly centered around the food (choices and quality) and service (turtle slow and problems with translation). I sure hope you speak at least some Spanish if you visit here, because otherwise, you will not get what you desire. I do speak a bit, but it wasn't enough. I was sorely disappointed at the food choices, the quality was decent enough usually and most things were fresh (not the greenish tomatoes and rock hard croissants). The dish that appeared rarely fit the exact description on the menu. There are only two restaurants open at this point in time. One where you can have breakfast and dinner, and one where you can only eat lunch. In addition, room service is available anytime. The breakfast is included, but don't get excited, 6 choices that are all quite similar and lacked interest. They did say that they would make us anything we wanted, and they did try to do that, even going as far as bringing in special items for us, but it was too little too late, and we never did get the desserts you would expect at a resort like this (rice pudding, mousse or flan was IT). Some live music, or something to liven things up, would be nice too. We really lucked out with the weather, which helped tremendously, as the ocean water was clear and calm during our stay, which can be a problem if it rains (it turns brown and rough). We traveled to the other side of the island one day to find crystal blue waters that were more what we thought we'd find at the Agua. We had to take a day trip to snorkel, but it wasnt worth it. Once you are there, just stay put, its too far from everything. Wish we had known about the Sivory being 100 yards up the beach, or we could have had a few meals there and a change of pace. The spa is beautiful and the massages we had were great. Not all of the spa water features were functioning which was a little annoying, and the luke warm tub needed cleaning, but a little TLC would go a long way to make this great. Don't even think of playing tennis here, the court is in disrepair. Stick to lazy days by the beach and pool, and BY ALL MEANS, wear the provided bug sprays at all times. My husband was sorely disappointed that the free WIFI in the rooms did not work at any point. They said it was being fixed, but it never was. There is just one slow computer in a room by the lobby to be shared by all (the @ sign was broken!). Be aware if you need to work remotely, that this could prove challenging. Loved the Frette linens, towels, room decor, and Korres bath products, as well as the rainshower. Hated the security guards on constant patrol in front of our suite (hello privacy?). Until we made our problems known to the front desk, there was a real lack of accountability by the staff, and no visible leadership by management. With the resort just 20% sold during our stay, you would expect to be greeted at some point by the management pro-actively, rather than after you had problems. We saw them, they saw us, they ignored us initially. Once the manager was aware of our issues, he did go to great lengths to make it right, and was very generous and kind in doing so. I hope that the owners and managers of the resort, read this and the other visitors reviews carefully, and make the improvements accordingly. This place has great potential, its truly a beautifdul resort. And with some real attention to the food and service, and guest communication, I'm sure Agua could soon be the best in Punta Cana.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	3	4	1	

<Author>MERBYS
<Content>Stale bread and Agua, Aye Caramba ! It's good to be home ! My wife and I just returned from a seven night package we purchased for the Agua Resort in Punta Cana and for the first time we are glad to be home from a vacation. From the time we got off the plane and took the hour and twenty minute drive on one of the worst pothole ridden roads I've seen, we were nauseous but excited for our arrival to the new Agua Resort.The grounds, architecture and setting is beautiful and brought a sense of serenity. We were shown to our ocean front room which was spacious and well appointed, with sliding doors that open out to the beach...we were psyched. We decided to get a late lunch so we went to the beach restaurant that we were told is serving lunch and sat down. After 10 minutes of phone calls by the waiters, bartenders, and to whomever they were calling, we were sent back to our room and told to order room service. At this point I started to get the feeling that (Houston we have a problem... ). We ordered room service and an hour later our $18 each grilled chicken platters showed up. We were starving ! The waiter opened up the platter and we witnessed the worlds smallest grilled chicken breast sliced into six pieces, with 5 soggy French fries on the side and herbs sprinkled on top. We ate it all and soon after realized how gross and expensive ($36 + 26% tax/service charge) our lunch was !!! We took the hit and decided to make the best of it and ventured off the world class spa which we read so much about. It was a very nice set up and had a water circuit which we heard many good things about. As we jumped in and started to press the buttons to turn everything on, nothing. I went to the front desk and was informed that it was broken and would not be fixed anytime soon. We were dumbfounded at this point, after all we paid a lot of money to come to a spa and were now being told that it doesn't work , for the week. It's like when Clark Griswald took his family to Wally World only to find out (  sorry folks the park is closed  ) quoting National Lampoons Family Vacation. After we now accepted this big hit and decided to play tennis. We asked the desk if we can buy tennis balls but none were for sale, so they gave us two cans of dead balls they had in the back. Hey, it's better than nothing ! We went to the court, walked on, and looked down. Let me describe it as a green court with white paint brush strokes, reminiscent of a Van Gogh Impressionist painting, all over the court. When we attempted to play it was virtually impossible to see the yellow ball bounce through all of the white paint splatterings. I've been playing tennis for many years and never in my life seen a court in this condition (especially at a $500.00 per night boutique hotel).We got some rest and ventured off to dinner. Dinner was decent on the first night but to make a long story short, there are not many choices in general at this resort and we've asked for different dishes as other people mentioned in their reviews, but still very limited. We couldn't get a hamburger for lunch ever, after we were told we could, and we were often served stale bread with our meals. Breakfast was included in our package, which was nice but we noticed little black bugs crawling on the china every morning which is not the most appetizing way to start your day.We decided to walk down the beach about 100 yards on the left and discovered The Sivory Hotel witch is also a LL partner and we ate the rest of our meals there and were very content.Finally about two days into our trip a very rare hurricane hit the island, and we had to be moved off the beach to a garden room for our safety which was fine. As the hurricane came and went, we were never offered to move back to our beach front room or compensated for the difference in price. Management never tried to compensate us in any way shape or form, on any level for all the things we mentioned above.We are both young hard working people and don't get much time off, but it's a real slap in the face when you pay top dollar for a high end place and when things are not going well, our complaints had fallen on deaf ears. It's unacceptable in the travel industry. I do have to say all the staff were very nice (Armado, Freddy, Marta, Antony), hard working, helpful, and polite, but unfortunately the management appeared to be non existent, lacked any form of leadership and customer service.On a brighter note I'm happy to say that we met some really great people we became friends with at the resort which was a saving grace for us and always a plus on any vacation !In summary, I truly never look to write negative reviews about vacations, because I'm so thankful that my wife and I have the opportunity to go on luxury vacations, but this is a business and if you charge the high prices you better be able to deliver ! We'll get over this loss of vacation time and money but no more stale bread and Agua !  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Honeydipped
<Content>A ways to go yet... I decided to write of my experiences after reading other reviews of this property. I agree that it is beatiful, however on our particular trip we ran into many concerns, which when fixed will allow the resort to shine.Bugs- Due to the rain before and during our trip the mosqitoes were awful..the resort does provide repellant yet we had to sit inside for all meals and could not book our dinner on the beach.Amenities-issues with hot water/AC unit, room smelled very musty and as previously noted the plunge pool was uninviting..we did not see anyone in theirs.Food-lack of variety /fair quality but the staff were willing to help if you asked for something. Tax is a real drawback as it is 26% of your bill.Spa- no complaintsGrounds- Design and architecture are lovely. Landscaping needed attention.Beach- water was brown and no snorkeling when we were there. Also no watersports..resort says items are held up in customs.The resort is on the right path but do to lack of businmess they have not addressed the quirks. I would love some live music, a managers get together to meet other guests..we felt isolated.My boyfriend and I did think the staff was GREAT! Overworked and underpaid but all were more than accomodating and pleasant..a HUGE plus.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>nb2007
<Content>Beautiful but not worth the prices We just returned from our 5th trip to Punta Cana. Part of our trip was spent at the new Agua Resort. I booked it through their booking agent, Epoque. Though the booking agent was helpful, I did have to pull out of her what was included.There was little direction about the included airport transfers but she was confident there would not be a problem. I am familiar with the airport and felt otherwise so I found the [--] website and used their 'preference form' to indicate flight arrival times.They were not at the airport to meet us and when I called the concierge put it entirely back on me that I did not answer an email, which I magically still cannot locate in my inbox. Nevertheless, we paid the $85 cab ride and were never compensated in any way from Agua for this mishap, despite asking more than once. We were only two of 8 guests at the resort. Our room #20 was lovely, however, the plunge pool was never cleaned nor had the jets turned on, not exactly inviting. The water went out twice in our room, once while I was in the shower full of soap, which was not fun. Other times we had no hot water.Agua is not up to the caliber they want to be at, or should I say the caliber they put themselves out there to be. A four seasons it is not, but they charge four seasons prices. As a point of reference: A bottled coke was $4.50 USD before the 26% DR tax/fee, which is NOT a tip to the server but rather a tax for the government. At Cap Cana, which is the ultra high-end development in Punta Cana, THREE bottled cokes were $3.25 + 26% fee.I could say other negative things about this place but the bottom line is that it is beautiful and the majority of the staff do all they can to make the stay exceptional. Just don't expect to get out of there for anything less than Midtown Manhattan prices.I don't think we'd go back until they work out some service kinks and come back to reality with the food prices...who wants to pay $35USD for Sea Bass (don't forget the 26%) in the DR? Once they get these things together and have a well oiled machine it could really be phenomenal but until then we'll go to Paradisus Palma Real or Cap Cana.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	3	4	2	4	2	

<Author>llfoster
<Content>A nice relaxing vacation       View from #19  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>guyrubin
<Content>Elegant - Top Notch       breakfast - great juices - pancakes, eggs etc  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AgurSavoie
<Content>Excellente adresse       hotel  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>max043
<Content>la vacanza migliore!!   showReview(18295871, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>emvial
<Content>Buena decisi贸n       La piscina  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>amg19
<Content>Peligra su seguridad   showReview(11878917, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	1	3	1	

<Author>xuxo
<Content>El mejor resort del mundo   showReview(10279357, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>SoniaBarcelona
<Content>El para铆so existe!!   showReview(10022088, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

