<Author>bhafc99
<Content>Disappointing Disappointing. On arriving at noon, slightly ahead of normal check-in time, we were happy to be given a split-level room that looked really nice. Because workmen were in the room next door hammering so hard the mirror was shaking on the wall, we decided to go out for the afternoon and look round the hotel later. Got back at 5 to find the work was still going on 鈥?we鈥檇 naively assumed it was just a quick bit of maintenance. So we went to the front desk and asked what was going on. Turns out the work would be ongoing, all day, every day, throughout our stay. With five floors of rooms and a hotel that seemed at best half full, why the **** put us next door to it?To 鈥榓pologise鈥? they moved us into another room that was an upgrade to a suite. To be honest, I鈥檇 rather have had the first room, just elsewhere in the hotel. The suite was right at the end of the corridor on the very last floor, and felt like the room that never gets used except for last resorts. The bath was an ancient plastic thing with jets that were broken and rusted. The bedroom, far from the spacious and modern feel the split-level room had had, was a tiny bare room where the bed just fitted in, with nothing on the walls, and a TV with a broken remote control. Being a suite, there was a separate sitting area, which was fine, and a huge hall/vestibule which was pretty meaningless really 鈥?what use is that?Worst of all was the constant noise from the plumbing. A steady dripping noise and wheezing pipes, 24 hours a day. The noise of guests in another room flushing the toilet was incredible from our bedroom 鈥?like a cascading flood, and much much louder than the toilet in our bathroom itself. On several occasions both my wife and I were shocked awake by it. On the second night my wife even went and slept on the sofa in the sitting area as she couldn鈥檛 sleep for the plumbing noises. Hardly five star.I suppose we should have asked to move again, but by then we were fed up and just wanted to leave really.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	2	2	2	

<Author>SusanofBoston
<Content>Not keeping up with the times Poor hotel for the price. Great location! But other features are far below par.Tiny restaurant /bar combination. Who can enjoy a meal with people on either side of you smoking like chimneys?YIKES.Wireless Internet is a mess. FIrst, a whopping 17E per day! This is disgraceful. It is so easy for any Hotel to install their own system and graciously offer free access. These guys require that you access a 3rd party system, with high security user names and passwords... as if the internet had been invented yesterday and everyone was really afraid of it. Moreover, the only way to get access is to go downstairs, buy a card and scratch off the hidden numbers. The rooms were very small and accoutrements gimicky. Instead of chocolates. the turndown service offers sweets that look like fried eggs. I kid you not. This place is trying to be cool and avant-garde. But they are stuck in the 1990s so it feels silly. Complementary bath salts for two? lovely ...but not when they are charging 17E for something as basic as wireless internet and forcing people to go down to the lobby and buy a card and scratch off the hidden number....Service generally warm and friendly. However, though I wouldn't normally expect anyone to speak English... at a Hotel in City Center at 330E per night, it seems reasonable. I don't deduct anything for this however. There are enough other reasons to rate this hotel a pass.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	3	3	1	

<Author>MacWilder
<Content>Not as good as it pretends Aspires to be a five star hotel. Falls short. Rooms good. Breakfast OK but not outstanding. But falls short in little way. The shower head was partially blocked. Had a computer with printer in the lobby for internet access, but the computer was verz old as was the printer, so both were nearly useless. Internet access is rather costly. Nothing major wrong, however.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>Family-planner08
<Content>Not 5 stars, but nice It's not a luxurious hotel people would expect for a 5 star hotel. The price has already reflected this. Its location is great. I stayed there in August, it's hot but weather is nice. I could walk to most of the tourist spots. After lunch, I normally went back to the hotel and took a nap. Then I went out shopping and sight seeing again. Sun would not set until late night in Europe in summer. This hotel provided me a great place of rest. The room is not big. The living area with a sofa and TV is separated from the sleeping bed by a few steps of staircases. The layout is good. Especially when compare with its price and location, Villa Real is a very good choice.The concierge was also helpful. Overall, this hotel met my requirements and expectation.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>uluvbs
<Content>Just OK... I'd give it 2.5 stars, to be fair.First, the good:The location is excellent. Overall, it is a fairly nice hotel, but I think when some people hear 5 stars, they are expecting to walk into something palatial/luxurious. If that's what you're expecting, you need to book elsewhere. Overall, it's about as nice as a Hilton or something like that.Breakfast is very nice, but at US$32, it probably should be. =PThe bad:The rooms were very noisy. There is tile flooring throughout, and I could hear noise coming from the rooms on either side of my room, from upstairs, and from outside the hall (due to constant door slamming from the maid service). They ended up giving me a different room, but it wasn't much quieter. Overall, I would only recommend the hotel if you are not noise-sensitive or don't mind using earplugs while on vacation.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	4	3	3	1	

<Author>PatriciaG
<Content>Incompetent Service Let me start by saying, I DID NOT STAY AT THE VILLA REAL, but my cousin did. I was meeting him later in the week in Barcelona and had to call him several times while he was staying at the Villa Real in Madrid. Without fail, each time I called I was told he was not staying there. When I insisted that he was there, I was put on hold for about 10 minutes (I was calling from NYC). Each time, I had to call back and ask them to put me through to him. The last time I called I had to call three times to convince them he was staying there. They also told me they had to put me on hold because they were checking in a guest and I would have to wait until the guest was checked in. I had an important message for my cousin and was unable to get it to him until I actually saw him in Barcelona. This is unbelievable service for a luxury hotel.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NewYorkBebe
<Content>5 stars? I guess i was confused about the spanish rating system because to me this did not seem like a 5 star establishment. It is not a bad hotel, but unfortunately it is not the luxury i had in mind for my trip.The location of course is wonderful. The hotel seemed very empty. There are some weird looking paper mache decorations in the hotel and the rooms that i thought cheapened the ambiance.The room was pretty clean but the problem was that it needs a renovation. The marble in the bathrooms is old and chipped. The bathtub has rust stains at the edges. The grout around the toilets looked gross. The bed is hard and cannot compare to the beds offered at places like hiltons or sofitels or westins. The corridors in the hallways look like they need a paint job.i regretted booking the duplex suite becuase the upstairs room was so small we could only fit one suitcase upstairs and one had to stay downstairs, and we had to keep going up and down the steep marble steps to get things. the picture of the duplex suite on their website did not look like the one that i received.the staff was friendly and helpful (especially the bellman and doorman - they were so nice and a great asset)if i were coming back to Madrid i would look to stay at another hotel. Their sister hotel, the Hotel Urban looked really nice from the outside and also in a great area. Maybe i would look at that one. The other one that looked nice was the ME hotel.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aujourdhui
<Content>Helpful concierge This hotel has a fantastic location, walking distance from Retiro Park (our favorite spot in Madrid) , the Atocha train station and the major museums (if you're interested in them, which we weren't). A walk along the Paseo Del Prado is wonderfully relaxing, day or night.We asked for a room on the top floor to avoid street noise, and while we avoided noise, the view from our terrace was not quite as appealing the picture on the website. The room was air conditioned, but it had two floors and the top floor, where the bed is, was never cool and they didn't fix it while we were there. Fortunately we could keep the windows open and at night the air was cool, even though it smelled faintly of cigarette smoke, which we found was a constant unwelcome companion everywhere in Spain. Our room had one full bathroom upstairs and a half bath downstairs. This was a good idea, since two adults couldn't brush their teeth at the same time in the upstairs bathroom. The full bath had a wonderful HUGE bath tub/shower big enough for both of us (it was our honeymoon after all). The room itself was a litle on the small side, and we had to keep one suitcase upstairs and one downstairs in order to move around. The bed was very comfortable. They offered fast internet service through the tv in the room at a charge, and a very slow computer with internet service in the lobby at no charge. The double room was two twin beds put side by side (this was our honeymoon!), but the beds were comfortable if you didn't want to snuggle or if you could both fit on one twin.The front desk was very helpful in giving directions, recommending restaurants and making reservations. They were sad but accomodating when our plans changed and we left a day earlier than our reservations called for.I would stay there again, but I would avoid the two-story room.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wobbs1
<Content>still top notch We returned to the Villa Real in May '08 having visited once before in 2001. It was still top-notch. Rooms are well-equipped and comfortable. Staff is ultra-helpful. Breakfast spread is really excellent (if pricey). Fantastic location nearby the big 3 museums and park, close to Atocha train station, lots of restaurants and tapas bars are within an easy walk.Well worth 200 Euro a night.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>marylandtraveler
<Content>excellent well-located hotel This very comfortable hotel was a great place from which to visit Madrid. It is an easy walk to the big museums, and other interesting sights. The staff at the hotel was very helpful in suggesting restaurants, and routes. The rooms have a bed and an area for sofa, desk, and TV that is separated from the bed by a two-step stair. Our room, with a small balcony, looked onto the street and was comfortable and large. I would happily return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>squeke
<Content>Excellent location my wife and I stayed 4 nights at the Villa Real on a vacation trip thru Spain. The hotel was ideally located for our needs; walking distance to the top museums, tapas neighborhoods, and old Madrid. We had a normal room with the step down living room and a little balcony overlooking the small park in front of the hotel. Having a sitting area is nice when needing to relax after touring all day. Bathroom was nice with great shower pressure.The staff was friendly and helpful. Nice bar area with great roasted almonds. Did not eat at the restaurant. A quick Starbuck's (1/2 block away at Westin) coffee and muffin better suited our agenda. Atocha train station is also very close.This is a solid 4 star hotel. Reasonably priced for the location.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>lisaprn1
<Content>great hotel, great location, great staff, great price. My brother and his wife stayed at this hotel in Feb. 2008 with their teenagers and then recommended the hotel for myself and my sister and my mother who is 82 yrs old. the hotel is clean, neat and very comfortable and quiet. it is around the corner from the Prada museum and walking distance to many great places in central madrid. the hotel staff were wonderful, kind and helpful. they even kept an extra bed in the room so my mom did not have to climb stairs to go to the bathroom (it was a two story suite). and did not charge us for it. I would recommend this hotel to anybody. the staff went out of their way to make sure that your stay was wonderful. we did not eat at the hotel resturant. there are plenty of good resturants just around the corner from the hotel. the hotel price was on par with other hotels, yet it was far above what I expected. classy place. stay here and you will be happy.L. Pritchard. 3/2008  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Richard65
<Content>Great Hotel......................................... Eventually We stayed at the Villa Real for New Year this year We stayed for 5 nights having stayed here a couple of years ago. I have a rule that says you should be very wary of returning to a hotel that you loved on a previous trip however I could not resist the Villa Real. When we arrived we were shown to our room and it was exactly as we remembered it beautiful wooden floors and the sitting area down one step from the bedroom in fact I think it might have been the exact room we stayed in last time. We kicked off our shoes opened our complimentary bottle of wine and started to relax and then it happened................................the bang bang bang of the workmen in the room above. After some 30 minutes I telephoned the reception to complain and the man on the desk could not have been less interested. We need to refurnish our rooms鈥?he informed me. However after some instance and a complaint to the manger we were moved to a lovely two storey suit on the 4th Floor. After that and despite what many other reviewers have said we experienced no further noise disturbance. The Hotel is located very near the Prado and opposite Parliament. We found it convenient walking around the old town. With plenty of restaurants and tapas bars near by. It was very close to SOL where we spent New Years Eve. We received a bottle of wine and a bunch of grapes (a Spanish New Years tradition) on NYE and all in all we had a great stay. The bar at the hotel is really nice and they pour the largest Gin and tonic I have ever seen.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	2	4	

<Author>AndreaSP
<Content>Great Hotel and Location! After the bad experience I had in the hotel I had initially booked to stay in Madrid (Senator Gran Via), Hotel Villa Real was an authentic escape to heaven!! The 2 days my husband and I have stayed there changed our opinion on the city. We booked the duplex suite: the first floor looks like a home office with a restroom, TV and a small balcony. In the upper floor there is a bedroom, a good restroom and a spacious terrace, with a wonderful view: the square in front of the hotel, Paseo del Prado (2 small blocks away) and the side of Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum (entrance is 2 and a half blocks away). The location is just perfect: very near city鈥檚 three most famous museums (Prado, Thyssen-Bornemisza and Reina Sofia) and Santa Ana Square, a lovely place where you may find many restaurants and tapa bars. The hotel is also in a short walking distance of Puerta del Sol, but far enough to avoid all its movement.I totally recommend this hotel!!!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>La_D0lce_Vita
<Content>Perfect Location! Villa Real is in the perfect location! Literally a five minute walk to the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum, a ten minute walk to the Museo del Prado, and then from the Prado an additional ten minutes to the Museo Nacional Centro de Arte Reina Sof铆a. The hotel is also situated a fifteen walk to Plaza Mayor. Thus, it is extremely centrally located with a nice view of the city. I will say that if your room faces the main street and you are a lite sleeper, the noise from traffic may bother you. Once the windows were shut though, all was fine. The room itself is very cute. Bed on one level and then a step down to a sitting room with the window or terrace over looking the city. Plasma tv- but you are in Madrid and probably won't be watching tv (I hope anyway!). Breakfast was included and I thought it was extremely well done. It consisted of basic Spanish meats, cheeses, fresh fruit, and pastries. The staff was very attentive. I would suggest that if you intend to see all three museums on your visit to Madrid, then the best thing to do is to buy the three pack pass for 14 EUR. You do not have to wait in ticket lines to get into the museums and you just pass those waiting who need to buy their tickets and enter.Also, another tip would be to use the Metro from the airport. The line is pink and number 8. Take it from the airport to the last stop called Nuevos Ministerios. The metro costs 2 EUR and from Nuevos Ministerios you can take a 7 EUR taxi ride to the hotel. This was very easy and much cheaper than taking an expensive taxi all the way to the hotel.All and all, while the hotel says it is five star, I myself would consider it a 4 star. An extremely nice touch was in our room waiting for us after our first day in the city. It was flowers and a 500l bottle of Spanish wine with a welcome card from management. I thought that was an exceptionally nice touch.If I returned to Madrid I most certainly would stay at Hotel Villa Real and would suggest it to any family or friends traveling to the city as well. Location perfect, room quite nice, priced competively.Enjoy Madrid and the Villa Real!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>peterad99
<Content>A little gem A lovely little hotel, the roman artifacts were beautiful. Very convenient for museums. Restaurant limited but excellent one jut at rear  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>eschatology
<Content>Great location, but that's about all The location of this hotel couldn't be better: a short walk from the Prado and the Tyssen-Bornemisza museum. It is also close to abundant restaurants and tapa bars. But other than the excellent location, and in view of its relatively high prices, the hotel has little to recommend it. The rooms are small and the service indifferent. One day our room failed to be made up. We were also given wrong information at the front desk about museum opening times, presumably because the clerk was too lazy to check. Another shortcoming as far as we were concerned was the fact that there are no comfortable public rooms. The couple that exist are in the rear, are spartan, and seem always to be taken over by business groups of one sort or another. In short, a disappointment and not worthy of five stars.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>PhilipSydney
<Content>small luxury hotel Enjoyed 5 nights including the hotel's New Year's Eve banquet. Bottle of red wine and fruit from the management as a NYE gift was nice touch on arriving. Location: very near the Prado and in an up-market area of town. Opposite Parliament. I found it convenient walking around the old Madrid part of town. Say half an hour's walk to the cathedral and the palace. Paid less than 30 Euros taxi-fare from the airport. Plenty of restaurants and tapas bars within walking distance. Santa Ana Plaza say 5 minutes walk, supposedly largest collection of bars and tapas bars in one spot in Madrid and something of a social whirl. Breakfast: if you don't want the hotel breakfast, there is a modern coffee bar within one minute walk where you will pay considerably less. Come out the hotel door and turn hard right. On the left-hand side of the road. Alternatively, Starbucks is 3 minutes away if you like your American Expresso. Staff: speak good English at the front desk and are very helpful. One of my family needed a doctor on New Year's Day (no, not a hangover!) and the hotel provided an English-speaking doctor within half an hour even though it was not an emergency. The cost went on the hotel bill.Room: I asked for a second pillow and extra blanket and they arrived shortly after I requested. Very comfortable bed. Lovely decoration and furniture. Loads of cupboard space. Very clean. Marble bathroom very clean too. TV is exclusively Spanish except CNN and SkyNews but that's ok with me. There are pay tv movies but I didn't go there. Would I stay there again? Very definitely Yes.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>patishi_ronit
<Content>best value for the money just got back from long weekend in Madrid,in which we stayed at this hotel .We were 2 couples and all of us enjoed this hotel .The sufff speaks english very well ,which is very rare in this city!and was very usefull and welcoming.Breakfast was great, and the location of the hotel was great, 5 mins from the main attractions.The room was as we excpected from 5 star hotel.to summerise -it was best value for our money and i will return to hotel in the future !  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>killgoen
<Content>Superb location, wonderful staff This is a hotel that gives the impression that it matters to the staff that your stay is as pleasant as possible. The room, with its split level arrangement of bed/lounging areas, was kept very clean and tidy and little details like a 鈥済ood night鈥?chocolate on your pillow each night was a nice touch. At the reception desk, the staff were charming, always very helpful and seemed pleased to be of help.The location of the hotel could not have been better with many attractions within walking distance.My wife and I both felt that this hotel was one of the best we have stayed in, not for its opulence but for its attention to detail and the excellent staff.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wily_coyote
<Content>Good location Stayed for 2 nights in June 2007 on Business. Location of the hotel was fantastic and within walking distance to the major museums. The rooms were also very comfortable and modern. Only downside was the public areas / bar. We arrived very late one evening and having refused to serve us 5 mins before the supposed closing time, the bar staff proceeded to carry on serving the cabal of wizened old men sitting at the bar. Not something you'd really expect in a 5 star hotel. (The old men or the attitude). The restaurant is also 3 tables of the very small bar. Overall a good hotel, but if planning on eating or drinking, there are much better places nearby.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	2	5	

<Author>lifejournies
<Content>Wonderful Location Staying at the Villa Real made my husband's and my journey to Spain all the more delightful. Felix Garcia (general manager) kindly upgraded our room to the top floor suite. The 2 story suite (Rm 509) was romantic with a winding marble staircase to the bedroom, full bath and balcony looking over the plaza. The lower floor was spacious with desk, sofa  mini bar. The extra bathroom and closet allowed us private vanities. Linens and amenities were good  plentiful. It was clean and well kept. The staff were gracious and helpful. We enjoyed looking out the large windows in the front bar watching people walk by while sipping on a glass of Cava  munching on complimentary tapas. The hotel is situated near many wonderful small tapas bars (Delores) and restaurants (El Rincon de Esteban) making it easy to walk everywhere. Museums (Prado), shopping (Borca, for fine linens), plazas and parks are minutes away. Catching a train to visit Toledo or Cuenca is easy. Expect to pay on average $250 a day for room and breakfast if you prefer this kind of comfort. You will save money at the tapas bars which are very reasonable. The people of Spain are friendly and always smiling. We hope to go to Barcelona next time...and of course, stay at the Villa Real there.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jamesw73
<Content>Is this really a five star hotel? I can agree with the other reviews that the location is very central, although having stayed in quite a few 5* UK and European hotels I can't understand why this is 5* given it has a small restaurant/bar and no other facilities to think of. Wifi was expensive, I couldn't find any non-Spanish channels (reception was also bad) on the TV and the room was somewhat tired. However, on the plus side the staff were very friendly and we did enjoy our stay, I'm just not sure it was value for money.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>jdavis
<Content>Villa RealYes! Absolutely terrific! We got a great deal on expedia but even if we'd paid more it would have been worth it! The best location I can imagine if you want to soak up the city walking. The most wonderful museums and the Plaza Major all right there. Standard rooms are the ones to book, two levels with a little sitting area, beautifully decorated. We had a room with no view in the back, very quiet but the front rooms have the view. Loved the hotel, loved Madrid!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mannyrami
<Content>Lovely hotel We (my wife and I) love the treatment and love the stay. The doormen were helpful and kind. The rooms are very clean and luxurious. After comparing this hotel with our hotel in Barcelona. We soon realized that this hotel was perfectly located in the center of Madrid and it was very secured. Near the hotel you can find almost everything . A few minutes away from there you will find Pueta del Sol, El Prado Museum and many restaurants. Be prepared to walk though ! Almost everything you do in Spain requires a lot of walking. After the jetlag (8 hours flight from Florida) you really need a place to relax and rest.From my point of view this hotel deserves good reviews and if we ever do go back to Madrid this would the place we would stay.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Urban_Si
<Content>Good hotel, Great Location Like many people, I have travelled a lot for business and stayed in a lot of hotels all over the world - and incomparison the Villa Real is a good hotel, not great, but very good.We stayed for 3 nights in Early September 2007 and we would definatly go back. Upon arriving we were greated by friendly and helpful doorman and reception staff. I had emailed prior to arriving and asked for a front facing room a few floors up - and although they can never guarantee it they said they would try their best. - and they did.We got a great room on the third floor.The room was clean, had everything you need, did exactly as it said on the tin, but I have to agree 5 stars may be pushing it - its easily 4 star though! It was a very good hotel room.Unlike previous guests I can't say we noticed any noise! Don't forget you are staying in an old traditional building in the middle of a European Capital City - its not a golf resort in the countyside - there will be a 'city centre buzz' and not be deathly quiet.With the windows closed and main door shut (to close off the bathroom) we were not bothered by any noise and slept really well.The location is excellent. In a affluent part of the city centre bang in the middle of the 'museum triangle'. We walked everywhere and always felt safe. Madrid is a safe city and very well policed.As a city Madrid is excellent - one of the best I've been too - and I think the Villa Real is a good choice of hotel. There will be better but for everything considered - location, price, services etc Its one of the best.I can honestly say I couldn't pick a fault....  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jj_from_phila
<Content>Superb hotel, location and staff What a beautiful hotel in a great location. Near the 2 major museums and close to terrific tapas bars - what could be better! We spent 2 nights in a duplex suite and were very comfortable. The bedroom as small - however the nice sitting room more than made up for this. The bath was lovely (agree with others on the water pressure).We found the staff to be extremely helpful - with great suggestions for shopping, bar and restaurants. Madrid is a wonderful stay and far exceeded our expectations!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ellecat
<Content>Perfect location  Just returned from five nights @ Villa Real and need to complement the wonderful staff (first  foremost) and also recommend the superb location. The property is old  there are some issues associated with older buildings. If you want to ensure piping hot water with full pressure 24-hours a day, or complete quiet, go to a generic new property -- but good luck finding one with Villa Real's location or ambiance. If you don't mind some idiosyncrasies, this is a wonderful hotel.Only complaint I have is with booking through Travelocity. I thought I was booking a superior suite; this was not the understanding of the hotel. They agreed to move us to a suite on the top floor with a huge terrace (extra nice amenity for an extended stay), but this change was possible only because the room was available. Next time, I would book directly through the hotel's website (Derby Hotels) since the website price was identical to the Travelocity price. Only advantage to Travelocity was getting to pay for the stay prior to leaving, since exchange rates aren't exactly favoring the dollar these days.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Iulia17
<Content>Not a 5 stars hotel! Very old, dusty and very expensiv- this is Villa Real hotel!The breakfast was poor and the coffe was horrible!I didn't like the hotel and I will never come back here!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>princesjudy
<Content>No Water and NO Sympathy I returned from Spain yesterday after a two week stay that included Derby Hotels in Madrid and Barcelona. Very disappointing given this is rated 5 star. Very much noise and possibly because of on-going renovations plus 2 out of 5 evenings...NO WATER...and we ended up brushing our teeth in the main floor general WC. The front desk response...be patient. No bottled water was offered, no relocating to another Derby Hotel....and no water from early evening until the middle of the night for both days.Great location but this organization does not understand Customer Care. And things did not get better in Barcelona at the Claris with great Egyptian Art but needing Egyptian bed linens. Horrid pillows and the roughest sheets ever.This is not a 5 star operation.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chewpei
<Content>Great hotel, great staff       front of the hotel  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Wick56
<Content>Great little luxury hotel I am writing this review from the terrace off of our room with a view of Calle San Jeronimo over to the Ritz Carlton. Wanted to write this while it was fresh in my mind. So here goes:First, the soundproofing issue I read about before I booked our room. The rooms are in fact soundproofed for sounds emanating outside of the hotel so when the windows/terrace doors are shut, you can hardly hear any street sounds. You can hear *some* internal sounds, but nothing on the level that I read about prior to staying here...and this after staying up all night due to jet lag. In short, don't get freaked out about the reviews indicating that the hotel is super noisy; it isn't. With that said, we booked a suite on the top floor, so this could be an issue with the rooms on the lower floors, but again, noise just wasn't an issue here. Now with that out of the way, this hotel is great! As stated above, we booked a suite, and it is wonderful, with a huge terrace providing great views. On our first night, our room overlooked the back of the hotel and that wasn't so great, but management moved us to the front of the hotel the very next night and we were very pleased with that. Rooms are clean, spacious and comfortable and the hotel staff is pleasant and helpful. Location is great; just a short walk to the Prado and Puerto de Sol and the many, many colorful tapas bars that dot the area landscape. Added bonus--as a guest of Hotel Villa Real, you have access to the pool/terrace area of Hotel Urban (which is super chic and modern hotel that is literally right around the corner) so if you want to save a buck (or euro, that is), stay at Villa Real and then camp by the pool at Hotel Urban (if that's your thing). You can even charge your poolside your drinks at Hotel Urban to your room at Villa Real! In short, this is a great little luxury hotel.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ClaudiaLima
<Content>Perfect location, large rooms, warm staff       Suite - Living Room  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>AaronFWA
<Content>The best! The best.....................Incredible location in the the three museum triangle. Incredibly convenient to most everything. Very upscale chic rooms. We have stayed here here twice in the last 4 years and would definitely return. Wonderful front desk staff. A bit pricey but worth every dollar...or euro.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>honeymoonspain
<Content>We were robbed and left like it was our fault 1. The website is misleading. My wife and I thought breakfast was included in the total package, but when we arrived, the front desk told us it was not. We showed them a print out of the confirmation clearly showing that for 40.00 euros we got breakfast for the entire 6 night stay. The front desk manager accused my wife of making up the emailed confirmation. Rather than arguing with the staff, we accepted and moved on. (The staff should have acknowledged that it was misleading for the the website to confirm that breakfast was included, and apologize instead they accused us of trying to defraud them. My wife and I could have stayed else where for a little more, but chose this place because of the breakfast being included for 40.00 euros more.)2. One night, I clearly remember placing 225.00 euros in the safe, and locking it. The next day after being out the entire day touring the sites, we opened the safe and it was gone. Someone who had access to the safe took the money. We asked the manager again if there was any possible way that the maids would have access to the safe. Rather than, being helpful, his immediate response was to say there was no way in the world that any took anything. He then suggested that we may have misplaced the money. We looked, but I am very carful with placing my money, and I can honesty say that I placed the money in the safe. I would never stay here again. the Room is poor, but the Front desk manager does not belong in the service sector. he has a tone of accusing the consumer of doing something wrong.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	1	1	3	

<Author>Eyelashtravels
<Content>Great spot We stayed at the Villa Real for a long weekend in May 2007. Its in a great spot which gave us great access on foot to all the major attractions, close to the open air bus tour stops and plenty of restaurants and bars.We had a room on the third floor overlooking the square which was lovely.... it was a bit noisy when the rooms upstairs were being cleaned but it was not a big issue for us as it didn't start too early and we only noticed it on one day.It did feel like the average age of the guests was a little high (is it on the Saga website we thought??) however, this wasn't a problem as it made the hotel quite quiet at night.Staff at the desk very helpful and the door staff always greeted us with a smile.There's a great argentinian restaurant across the road too.We'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>heiranig
<Content>Beautiful and good size rooms Had a triple room for 2 nights. The room was large, clean and comfortable. We found the location great, right in the center of town...however my mom got her purse stolen during our Madrid stop (with 600 euros) while strolling in the neighborhood. The hotel staff was not sympathetic, saying there's nothing they can do about it. This said, besides the overall cold service, we enjoyed our stay at Villa Real.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	2	5	

<Author>irishmum3
<Content>Great Location Just back from a trip to Madrid. We loved this Hotel, it is close to everything. We did not find it noisy.... probably because we were on the top floor. Would definitely recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chris5021
<Content>No soundproofing at all Despite the fact that the Villa Real is a nice hotel with friendly staff, I perfectly agree with the review of IrishKaren, who says that you can hear every single sound in the hotel (toilet flushing, doors opening and closing, sneezing of your neighbour, and so on). Thus, it was impossible to sleep from 5am until the end of the night, which is not very nice when you come for a week-end stay. This is absolutely unacceptable in a five star hotel, especially when it is written on its website that all rooms are totally soundproof.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>TIMMY2Belfast
<Content>luurved it just returned - perfect location for first time visitor to madrid everything ( worth seeing ) within walking distance prado bourbon madrid etcFront office staff SO helpful - ask for room to front for lovely views and restaurant advice (Botin eg) rooms different without pricey  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>NYBritannia
<Content>Among My Favorites in Europe I write this review of Villa Real with the mixed feeling that it will be booked or more expensive the next time I seek a room in Madrid. I travel extensively in Europe, mostly for business. Other than a price limit of $500 a night, I have flexibility to choose my own hotels, frequently referencing Trip Advisor. Villa Real was my favorite European hotel experience in several years 鈥?and that was before they brought the complementary bottle of Spanish wine. The location is convenient for tourists and business alike. The exterior is restrained, Spanish deco and the interior is beautifully modern and clean. They staff is helpful, professional and friendly. Toiletries and other features are top-notch. I should say that my opinion of Villa Real is influenced by my spacious room with view over a lovely square. I tried to discover why the hotel was not rated five star. No doubt it鈥檚 missing some feature required by conventioneers. The best I could come up with was hangers that can鈥檛 be taken home because the hooks are fixed to the clothing rods. I鈥檝e stayed at more expensive hotels in Madrid, but I鈥檓 already planning my return to Villa Real.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IrishKaren
<Content>Not if you want a good nights sleep!! I agree with the other reviewers it is a lovely hotel and in a great location and the rooms are nicely done BUT none of this overlooks thefact that there is no soundproofing at all in the hotel and you can hear every single thing that goes on, it is just not acceptable in a hotel that bills itself at five star.We arrived late on a thurs night(about 10) and went straight to dinner, it was late when we got back so were looking forward to sleeping until at least nine the next morning, this was not possible.We were on the first floor and from six o'clock that morning we were awake with the sound of people walking overhead and toilets flushing,we ended up getting up at eight which didn't make us happy(on a childfree weekend so wanted to sleep for a while).I asked reception to move us to a top floor room but they were fully booked so in the end we had no option but to move hotels that morningas we couldn't put up with the noise for another three mornings. In addition our room overlooked an apartment block where there was washing hanging out from the windows which didn't improve the situation.So whilst there are a lot of good points about this hotel for me none of them outweigh the fact that you cannot sleep past six in the morning, I just don't find find that acceptable and wouldn't recommend the hotel on this basis.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	5	2	-1	

<Author>eilla883
<Content>Clean, good service, great location Hotel Villa Real was a great choice for my family with four teenagers. It is definitely a high class place, perhaps not the most kid friendly. But again for families with older children it was fine. From providing free shuttle transportation to the airport to booking flamenco tickets, the staff was very nice and helpful in all regards. The hotel itself was very clean with nice size rooms. It is not a luxury hotel- no spa, no excercise program, no 5 star restaurant- but it suits all the expensive travelers needs. It is also very well located, a 2 minute walk from the Prado, 5 min from Puerta de Sol, and about 10 min from Retiro. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>gsbdiver
<Content>Nice, European hotel A perfectly nice hotel, by traditional European standards. We had a suite, but still managed to feel cramped. Balcony doors didn't work.Still the place was very nice and the staff was great. The bar was really nice and the location is very close to the Prado. We were only in town for a day for a layover and being that close to everything, especially the museums was very handy.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Ashtoreth5
<Content>Would go back in a heartbeat! Hotel Villa Real is a spectacular place to stay. I truly enjoyed everything!LOCATION: The location is ideal. It is located less than a 5 min walk from the Prado and Tyson museums and about a 10 min walk to the Reina Sophia museum. It is also centrally located to many fabulous restaurants. It is about a 25min cab ride from the airport and only 5min cab ride to the train station.SERVICE: The service was excellent. The personnel at the front desk were extremely helpful in recommendations and setting up tour guides and a driver to El Escorial and Segovia. The only problem was a slight communication barrier. The hotel front desk staff spoke enough English to communicate but in no way were they fluent. They also did not have a formal concierge however; the staff gave recommendations/service equivalent to what a concierge would have provided.ROOM: The room was wonderful. We (I went with my family) stayed in two standard rooms on the third level which were very large, had separate sitting areas and had huge windows overlooking the front of the hotel. The bathrooms were also very large and modern. The beds were very firm but comfortable. They also had plenty of closet space. Everything worked properly and felt like it was brand new. The only down sides were that all the rooms have hardwood floors and thin walls and they have no non- smoking rooms or floors. INTERNET: The internet was the worst part of Villa Real. It is very expensive wireless (about $15 for only one hour). However there are alternatives including several internet caf茅s around the hotel and a Starbucks is located just down the street. FOOD: We did not have breakfast at the hotel nor did we have the room service; however the restaurant in the hotel is very good. They have a very wide range of food (both tradition Spanish foods and other more continental dishes.OVERALL: I would go back to Villa Real in a heartbeat. It was a great experience and I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great place to stay in the heart of Madrid.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>fleur2
<Content>Excellent! Really enjoyed our stay. The location is very handy - it's five minutes walk from the Prado and about ten minutes walk to the centre of Madrid. Lots of places to eat and have coffee within a few minutes walk, so it didn't matter that we didn't have breakfast included. Lovely room with a very comfortable sofa. The staff were friendly and helpful, and we were able to access the Internet and print off our boarding passes for the return flight - there is a computer/printer in reception. If we return to Madrid, and I hope we will, we wouldn't have any hesitation in staying here again.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>drsh99
<Content>fine for business travelers I found the hotel on a website, then booked with our business travel agent. The rate was excellent (it came in below the GSA/CONUS rate used by government travelers) and the hotel was very close to our clients, a Spanish government agency.The room was quite nice, although the entire hotel is loud because there is no carpeting anywhere. All the hallways are tile, very loud, and the rooms have hardwood floors, also very loud. I could hear every step my upstairs neighbor took. This wasn't a big problem for me, as I was there purely to sleep, and I am a heavy sleeper, but my colleague, who had a third floor room, found sleep elusive at night and work impossible during the day because footsteps and other noises carried due to the un-muffled floors and plumbing,. etc.. The bathrooms are lovely, the hotel provides slippers and bathrobes, and a complimentary bottle of wine the first night.Internet charges are steep for a luxury hotel. I did not try any of the dining options. The location is excellent. It is very close to the Thyssen and the Prado and the Parque del Retiro. I would stay there again next time business takes me to Madrid, although my colleague would choose a quieter locale.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>newyorkanya
<Content>Older People Should Avoid the Duplex Suites I agree completely with the other reviews: Villa Real has a great location, service is friendly and the food is fine. We go to Madrid for work a couple of times a year and went here because we found a good deal on the hotel website-- far cheaper than the Palace and some other places nearby. The only thing I have to add is that we got one of their duplex suites and found the layout unnerving mainly because we were terrified of toppling down the stairs in the middle of the night on our way to the bathroom. And it's a pain to have to go up and down the stairs all the time. Also the rooms were a bit narrow and dark. All in all I'd rather have a normal suite on one floor and I would urge older people not to book into the duplex suites. The stairs are too steep and dangerous.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>marleydog
<Content>Excellent Location Spent three nights at the Hotel Villa Real at the end of October, 2006. Booked a standard room through the hotel's website and paid roughly 135 Euro per night. This did not include breakfast. The hotel was prompt in answering an email before we arrived with questions about their service. Taxi to and from Terminal 4 at Barajos Airport cost about 20 Euro per trip and was fast and easy, despite arriving Saturday afternoon.Room was of adequate size, and the two levels as shown in some of the review photographs made it feel more roomy. Bathroom was of a good size, had a full bath with an excellent shower, bidet and two sinks. Toiletries were copious and of good quality. Even included mouthwash. Towels were also good quality. Plenty of storage space and hangers, although one of the built-in closets was a little difficult to access as it was close to the nightstand. Not a big deal. Reading lights on each side of the comfortable king size bed - very important. Decor was an interesting combination of old-fashioned panelling, tiling etc. and sleek modernity.Did not have breakfast in the hotel as there were plenty of bars, cafes around where we could have coffee and croissant or churros for 4 Euros total. The only food I had at the hotel was a plate of calamari with a great tomato and onion sauce in the bar one evening. That was very good, as was the ambience and service in the bar. Small, but attractive, with always plenty of black clad bartenders around with just the right combination of good service and cool attitude.Location was excellent as we were in walking distance of the Prado, the Thyssen, the Reina Sofia and even the Palacio Real and Cathedral. I was able to run in the Retiro Park a couple of times (at a slow 10 minute mile pace a circuit takes about 30 minutes).There seems to be construction on every second street and every fifth building in central Madrid these days so there was some noise early in the morning, and of course life in Madrid goes on late at night - if you want peace and quiet this is not for you.Not a luxurious hotel, but very comfortable and pleasant. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dimsum
<Content>6 star services               More photos  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>eddiespain
<Content>great location excellent location in the middle of the triangle of arts, with Prado museum, etc. nice cosy modern restaurant and bar.very traditional style, with masterpieces all around walls and the hotel.My 2 level suite had a balcony in each level, jacuzzi in bathroom (a bit too old), and modern facilities, including stereo in the living-room.Only 2 computers for internet access with not much privacy.a bit noisy from the corridors, but all good in general.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	2	

<Author>katarob
<Content>Back for the 3rd time! This year I stayed at the Villa Real for the 3d time in as many years. I found the staff at the front desk more helpful and warm than in prior visits. We had a standard room which I consider very satisfactory for our needs. The excellent location of the hotel is always a big plus. This time we had the hotel breakfast as it was included in the hotel rate. It was excellent and they would also do eggs cooked to order.For some reason ( maybe luck!) I have never heard my next door neighbors through the walls. The issue of the lack of hot water mentioned in a previous review was experienced by my parents. Again, I was lucky and didn't have that problem but obviously it does happen.As long as the rates they offer stay competitive, I will continue staying at the Villa Real.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>TimTheHotel
<Content>OK but not 5 star - no hot water! Stayed here for 10th Anniversary in September 06.Didn't pay full list price but it was still quite expensive so expected a good hotel.The location is first class and the foyer gives the impression of luxury. However the room was fairly tired and the bathroom layout meant you had to limbo around the toilet to get into the bath.Worst of all there was no hot water in the mornings. Despite they obviously knew there was a problem they kept saying wait 5 mins, as a result we wasted an hour and a half on the first morning. The fact that it didn't work the next day proved they were not quite telling the truth.To be fair when we asked to see the manager he was apologetic and agreed to pay for our taxi to the airport. Overall though it wasn't worth the additional money and wasn't quite the luxury hotel I thought I had booked so was left a bit disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	4	2	3	

<Author>vonbrabant
<Content>Pluses and Minuses The staff at the Villa Real were welcoming, helpful, and hospitable. The service excellent, the room and bathroom clean. The hotel's location is great for the three main museums, and it's a short walk to a couple of small but happening plazas. Lots of little extras like turn-down service, slippers, generous supply of toiletries. Overall, the hotel was a nice place to come back to after a day exploring Madrid.The main downside to the Villa Real is the poor sound insulation. We could hear the neighbor's call home as if he were in our room. Those wood floors are beautiful but not practical; we heard every step of the person above us when she wore heels. Final criticism, on the mornings that the hotel was particularly full (Saturday and Sunday) the hot water was scarce. We did not expect this from a 5-star hotel.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HB_TO
<Content>Great Hotel, Centrally Located Just returned from Spain and Portugal. We read reviews for all the hotels we booked on this excellent site (as always) and now are trying to return the favour.This was our first night in Spain. We arrived to Madrid in the morning and took the subway to the hotel. The hotel was walking distance from the subway station. First impression of the hotel is quite good, nice looking building in open square. Lobby is simple for a 5 star hotel, but the room was excellent and identical to the picture we had seen on the internet. Rooms are recently renovated, all hardwood, split level and very generously sized.The Manager sent us a bottle of wine, which was a really nice gesture.The location was great, walking distance to lots of resteraunts and nightlife. The next day we took a train to Cordoba and the train station was walking distance from the hotel as well.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>fluffnfold
<Content>Great Stay at the Villa Real We enjoyed our 4 night stay at the Villa Real from August 10 to 14. We arrived quite late at night after a harrowing day of travel, and were overjoyed to receive an upgrade to one of the two-story duplex suites. On the lower level was a foyer, marble staircase to the second floor, large half-bathroom (no shower or bathtub, but with toilet, bidet, and double sinks), and sitting area with antique desk, leather sofa and leather chair. There was a small standing-only balcony off the sitting room. Upstairs, there was a king size bed, another large bath, and a HUGE terrace with table, chairs, and umbrella (the only thing that would have made the terrace better was some sun lounger chairs--it was certainly large enough to include those too).Public areas were quite nice. The internet in the lobby was useful, but very hard to gain access to the computer due to the number of people waiting. The bar was hip and modern. The breakfast (and the room it was held it) was excellent, and since it was included in our room rate, well worth the price. All kinds of cold foods (meats, cheeses, cereals, pastry, juices, cold pasta, fruits, yogurt, breads, fritatta). Several elevators (3, I believe), so there was never any waiting to access the upper floors.Location was PERFECT! We could see both the Ritz and the Westin Palace from our room. It was an easy 15-minute walk to the Atocha RENFE station. We took a cab from the airport for about 25 Euros. We also took a cap to the La Sepulvedana bus station in order to day trip to Segovia (about 5 Euros each way)--too far to walk. Many restaurants with outdoor seating just a few blocks away (AWAY from the direction of the Ritz, Palace, and Atocha) toward the Puerta del Sol.Wouldn't hesitate to stay here again. Had great responses from the hotel's direct e-mail, as well as great communication from the Small Luxury Hotels associates.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>travelchatter
<Content>Villa Real is a Rare Gem of a Find       Palacio Real  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>P_Coops
<Content>Nice Hotel in a Great Location We stayed at the Villa Real for 7 nights in June, occupying two rooms which were on the fourth floor overlooking the park. Our 19 year old daughter had a room with a full length window giving excellent views of the park and Parliament building next door. Our room had a smaller window but the same views. Both rooms were split level with the bathroom and bedroom area being on the upper level and the living area on the lower level. The rooms were spacious, very clean, had plenty of storage space, and came with a complimentary bottle of wine on the first night. The stairs between the two levels may be a concern for people with young children, the disabled or infirm, or even sleepwalkers.We did have some minor noise problems mainly caused by other guests allowing their children to be noisy in the corridor during the early hours of the morning. Also it is worth noting that the rooms have wooden floors and if someone is walking around upstairs in hard soled shoes it is possible to hear this. However, once we had closed the door between the bathroom and bedroom area we found that the noise was not a problem.The buffet breakfast was excellent and although we had pre-paid for the additional cooked option we found that the buffet selection would have been sufficient. The breakfast staff were always friendly and attentive.The hotel is in a great location being near to most attractions and close to many fine restaurants and tappas bars. We walked almost everywhere without problem. Due to its proximity to so many restaurants and bars we did not eat in the hotel. We did compare the cost of dining in the hotel with dining out and found it to be much more expensive. However, this could be a reflection of the quality of food and service, and as we did not dine here we cannot comment further.The hotel does offer free internet access in the lobby which was hardly ever busy. However, one criticism is that this is not connected to a printer. When confirming our return flight on-line I was hoping to print off our boarding passes but this was not possible. Not a major problem but it may be a consideration for a business traveller wanting to print off a document.I did ask the reception staff to organise tickets for the Sunday night Bull Fight. I put my request in on Thursday morning and checked every evening. It took until Sunday evening to be informed that tickets would not be required as they could be purchased at the venue and that it was at a later time than expected due to be being a minor event. I was a little dissapointed that I had to continually chase this request up and did not consider the staff to be as helpful as they could have been. I also extend this criticism to the doorman who didnt even appear to notice us entering or departing the hotel until the final morning when he obviously thought that a tip was on offer. For a hotel of this class I found the staff, in general, to be a little cold and unhelpfull.We would consider staying here again, primarily for its location.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>msserene
<Content>Villa Real----perfect Madrid location; very fine hotel The Hotel Villa Real is in perhaps the best location in Madrid---close to the most important museums, the old district and plaza mayor, the palace, parks, old restaurants, tapas places and wine bars. You can walk to almost anything you'd want to see. It's next door to the parliament and just a block to the Palace Hotel. It's relatively small but has two restaurants and a bar/restaurant. Breakfast comes with the room and is a nice, large buffet. We had dinner in the finer restaurant the first night and had great food and service. Out of several hotels in Spain on this trip, Villa Real was the only one with free internet service. A computer in the lobby was there for guests and was rarely busy. Also, guests with laptops could sit near and use the wireless service. Overall service from the concierge and front desk staff was fully adequate and the maids did a really thorough job in our room. A bottle of wine awaited our arrival in our room.Our suite on our first 3-night stay was unique as it was a two story with a small winding stair. The stair made us a little nervous at first but we soon became used to it. We had two terraces, one off each level, though the views were of rooftops at the back of the hotel. (In a later stay passing back through Madrid, we had a room on the front---all on one level---looking out over the park out front, a room we liked even better.)The hotel is full of beautiful and quite old art pieces, including tile pieces on the walls of our room from the 3rd or 4th century and numerous vases in the breakfast room from the 3rd. Other furnishings were somewhat ordinary but certainly nice enough. The price was very fair and our overall good experience makes this a hotel we would definitely use again when in Madrid.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Good Value We stayed at the Villa Real for four nights in June with 2 kids ages 11 and 6. It turned out to be an excellent choice for our family. We had connecting rooms on a corner of the fourth floor overlooking the park. Our rooms were quiet, spacious and spotlessly clean. The collection of mozaics displayed in the public spaces is quite impressive. The hotel is probably 100 metres from the Prado (and steps away from the much pricer Plaza). Guests in June appeared to be more business travelers than tourists, and while it had the feel of a business hotel, we found the staff to be very helpful whenever we asked for anything. We also appreciated being able to use the rooftop pool at the Hotel Urban, around the corner and up a block. We absolutely would stay here again, with our without kids.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Room, not Great Service Our room was great with a view of the park below. It was not noisy and the location was good. We were on the first floor and stayed a total of 3 nights.The only challenge was the staff. They were not helpful at all, so please don't depend on concierge service or true service in general if you stay at this hotel. One night we ordered basic food from the bar to have sent to our room and the servers treated us like we were crazy. The place was empty but I felt like we were putting them out with our request. Another afternoon we had called the front desk asking for assistance on bus companies to get us to another area of Spain. They said they would research it and would have the information when we came to the lobby. Well, we went to the lobby about an hour later (the lobby was empty) and they had no information for us. They said they would do the research and have it waiting for us when we returned in the afternoon. We returned after a day of adventuring in Madrid and there was NO information waiting for us. By this time the train and bus offices were closed. This delayed our trip the next morning because we didn't get the earliest departure information the day before. Disappointing. All in all, a nice place, but not if you hope to get assistance from the staff.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>sharonarn
<Content>Great boutique style hotel This hotel is situated in front of a little square with benches. It's in a good area near the metro and within walking distance to shopping and restaurants. Service is impeccable and because it's a smaller more intimate hotel we felt more personal attention. The free internet in the lobby is a plus. Also, this is the sister hotel to the more trendy hotel Urban, which is right around the corner. So you can go up to their rooftop for the scenery and the small pool if you choose. This hotel is a few blocks from the Westin Palace yet probably at least a hundred euros less per night.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tranquila
<Content>If cleanliness and quiet are priorities, don't stay here First the good part:location is very convenient especially if you plan to spend some time in the museums. there was a decent amount of space for a junior suite.But the negatives:*the living room part of my suite was infested with ants and other unidentifiable bugs! yuck! *the rug under the coffee table in the living room looked like it has never been cleaned or washed or even vacuumed in a while. this area seems to be the nesting ground of the clony of ants and other bugs.*despite the fact that my room was in a corner on the top floor i heard various plumbing related noise such as the toilet flushing. there is also considerable street noise as well...there are no soundproofed windows that seem to be fairly common at hotels in the center. from the living room, I was also able to hear other guests talking from time to time.*decor of the room could definitely use some spiffing up; it麓s too bad because the genuine ancient mosaic pics on the walls look quite out of place from the cheap nouveau riche furniture. the bathroom looks especially tired...the bathtub has aquired a yellowish patina.*finally, i was quite offended when asked to sign a credit card receipt for the intended duration of my stay on the very evening of the day that i checked in...this is irregular...i have never been asked such a thing and i travel all the time! I do not have any credit issues! what if i decide to cut my stay short? will they credit my charge card for the difference?i booked a junior suite mainly because i felt the rate I was offered on the phone --190 euros--was a fairly good value for its supposed class, location and size of the room. However, the slipshod construction (thin walls, poor paint job) combined with makeshift decor/design make it clear that quality is not a priority here. Poor housekeeping is simply not permissible. This hotel definitely has not aged well despite the fact that it is only a few years old since the gut renovation took place.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>famtravs
<Content>Loved Villa Real This was an excellent hotel in a great location. We stayed 3 nights with our 15 year old daughter. The reception staff upgraded us to a junior suite because they thought we would be more comfortable in it, for the same rate. Our room was very quiet both inside and out. We had a separtate bedroom, minibar, and large bathroom. The staff was very helpful and spoke great English. We were given a complimentary bottle of Spanish wine on check in. We would definely stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Merchants
<Content>Villa Real, best location in Madrid Stayed May 4th - 7th in duplex suite 513, small living room with bath and stairs to 2nd level with king sized bed, large very modern bathoom and large terrace ovelooking The Ritz, Prado, and Thyssen museum. Excellent location without the street noise. Well trained staff who arranged an driver/guidefor our day in Toledo for 4 of us at a resonable rate of 250 eros. Also provided disposable razor and shaving cream since bathrooms did not have 110 volt for electric razors. Very complete buffet breakfast including eggs cooked to order.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lottieti
<Content>rooms were fantastic!!! We booked a suite so we were expecting something special, and we certainly got what we asked for! We had a duplex suite with a jacuzzi bath to die for!! There were two balconies, one of which was huge with wonderful views! Room service and cleanliness were excellent, we even got free champagne on our first night. Although breakfast was excellent, with a wide variety of choice, ensure that it is included in the price because it is expensive at 20 euros each! Definately would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>amp1234
<Content>Villa Real is Real Nice! This hotel is very fancy and quite nice. The rooms are spacious, almost like an apartment with a king size bed (actually, two large twins put together) and a couch in a sitting area. The bathroom is nicely covered with marble and spacious, though we didn't like having only half a glass shower door - water gets on the floor and it's cold when getting out of the shower. But we did have a balcony over looking the statue of Cervantes in a little square. The service was excellent, though we didn't like a cleaning lady knocking on our door at 8pm while we were getting ready to go out for dinner. We didn't answer right away so she just unlocked the door with the key, only to hand us a couple of chocolates. With the guys eager to grab your bags and people giving you flowers and chocolates, we felt that they were begging for tips. There are two restaurants in the lobby of the hotel - one a bar and restaurant (expensive and not great food) and one more fancy (it's rated pretty high in Frommer's but it was out of our price range). There is internet access, but only one computer in the lobby to share with the other 100+ guests. Breakfast is not included but is offered for an additional cost - we had already spent 160+ euros on the room so we didn't need a breakfast for 15 euros each. But if you're into luxury and hanging around rich people from all over the world while in Madrid, this is the place.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mikaso
<Content>Villa Real the best Hotel in Madrid 鈥淲e are frequent travelers who have stayed at hotels which range from a suite at the Ritz Carlton in Hong Kong to a Days Inn. We like our hotel rooms to be spacious and for that reason we chose the Villa Real. Excellent surprise! We had a standard room and it is a smaller version of the suites at the Venetian in Las Vegas. Their service is fantastic. The front desk manager Mr. Zapatero runs a tight ship. His recommendations of where to eat and where to go should be followed. The location could not be better. The Villa Real is across the street from Spain's Congress and next door to the Thysen, Prado and four blocks from Puerta del Sol.Rooms are clean, food is expensive but it is excellent. It was our best breakfast in Europe. The Villa Real will be our first choice in Madrid and yes we will return. It is only missing a gym, pay per view and the TV is located in a manner which you can not view from the bed. We are sure the hotel can fix those niceties.We strongly suggest that you visit a restaurant which is in the street right behind the Villa Real called El Rincon de Esteban. Don Esteban Gonzalez, his wife and crew will make you feel like Royalty and the food is the best we have had in all of our visits to Spain.鈥?br/>  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Experience! This is one of the nicest hotels we've stayed in - especially due to the helpfullness of the staff. Centrally located and within walking distance to all major sites, train station, restaurants. Very safe and fairly quiet location. The rooms are spacious, nicely divided to have a distinct sleeping and living area. Balcony-style windows that open for fresh air. Non-smoking floors. Nice marble bathroom with hair dryers. Lots of closet space. Throught e:mail and FAX, the staff answered all inquiries we had (which were many) - they made day tour arrangements for us and offered us the choice of private or coach tours. When we were leaving the site very early in the morning, they offered coffee and refreshments to be delivered to the room. Very nice selection for the complimentary buffet breakfast - meats, cheeses, eggs, pastries, pasta, fruits and vegetables. Would defintely recommend to friends and family and would stay again if ever in Madrid. Good internet specials.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>welcometoedu
<Content>very comfortable great location, nice rooms (I was given a 2-floor suite with 2 terraces overlooking the main plaza), jacuzzi in the bathroom although a bit old, could be refurbished.Good service, cosy restaurant with state-of-the-art decoration.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing But Praise We stayed for 5 nights in this wonderful hotel and have nothing but praise. Can't beat the location: just two steps from the Thyssen-Bornemisza museum and a five minute walk from the Prado museum, but also only five minutes to Plaza Santa Ana and Plaza del Sol and another 5 minutes to Plaza Mayor. The hotel itself is nicely appointed: stylish without overdoing it. Our room was quiet: little or no noise from inside or outside; it had a sitting area; bathroom was up-to-date and had a marble floor. The staff were most pleasant and helpful. Would look forward to staying here again.Retired Businessman, NYC area  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FredrikL
<Content>Over-rated, over-priced and out-dated : but best location in Madrid Hola! Stayed at the Villa Real for 3 nights. Expected luxury hotel but found an average hotel that is over-rated, over-priced and out-dated. Nothing luxury except the five stars at the entrance. Average service. No concierge service. Out-dated rooms (but clean). Noisy (expect to be be woken up by all the bar-hoppers making their way past the hotel around 4-5 o'clock in the morning!)The door keys did not work and hotel staff warned guests about it (keys are a bit tricky and will get stuck!). Would be a good 3 star-offering and a fair deal at around 100 euro. Payed 235, 165 and 150 respectively for the 3 nights. Did not include breakfast. The breakfast-buffet was 18 euro/person. Nice buffet but hardly worth it. The sister-hotel Urban just up the street seems a much better bet. Fredrik, Sweden  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location! Stayed here recently for 2 nights on a very good weekend package which included a bottle of wine and Madrid card. The hotel is situated in a great location just a stone's throw from the big 3 (Thyssen-Bornemisza around the corner, Prado across the road and Reina Sofia down the road) and 5 mins walk away from the metro station. Good paella restaurant 10 mins walk away called Paella de le Reina.Service was very business like, would not say it was particularly friendly but courteous nevertheless. Double room was good layout, with split level and partition separating the sleeping area from the mini-lounge area (sofa, coffee table, writing desk and tv) which was great, unlike some hotel rooms where you are confined to your bed to watch tv. Power shower in bathroom, with slippers and robes etc. Chocolates on pillow at turndown.Breakfast buffet very good spread (and served til 11am!), excellent variety of fresh fruit, salamis and cheeses amongst usual continental breakfast foods. Non-smoking rooms are on the first floor and yes you can hear people in the room above if they are walking around in their shoes, as the floors are hardwood. The noise is not overly intrusive, but if you are a lightsleeper suggest you bring earplugs just in case. The good thing is that you don't hear noise from the corridor as there is another door separating the hallway of the room from the sleeping area (ie double doors). Overall we had a pleasant experience here and would stay again.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Avoid Soundproofing is absolutely zero . Both horizontal and vertical . This place is totally but totally overrated and should be avoided by experienced travellers. The list of complaints is just too long .4 stars is only a technical acknowledgment of some structural and organizational targets having been met .... It is not a reference to quality or luxury which you will not risk finding here . Go to the Palace across the street (little more expensive though ) .You have been warned.The French owners have sold out to Starwood group . Unless they rebuild the walls don't think about having a good night's sleep unless you are lucky and have no neighbours above , below and to either side or some very quiet ones !  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good centrally located hotel Good centrally located hotel in the heart of Madrid. Stayed for 3 nights in a twin bedded room. Room was not over sized but was well equipped and comfortable. Split level between sleeping area and sitting area was an interesting feature. 0.5L bottle of wine given as a welcome was a nice touch. Rate was 190.00 euros not including breakfast - this was extra at 19.00 euros. Breakfast was excellent even though charged extra. Ate two nights running in the hotel resturant. Superb food and service - excellent wine list.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>schvitz
<Content>High or our list of favorite hotels Comfortable [firm beds, soft pillows, big bath towels, slippers and robes, and a split of wine to greet you], quiet [our rooms were in the back, at our request], and with a great location. What really pleased us, however, was the helpfulness of the front desk. My wife's wallet was stolen [pickpocket at airport]upon our arrival. Guiliermo helped us contact Chase, Amex, MasterCard, and the embassy, had one of the porters escort us to the police station so we could file a report, and generally made a wretched situation tolerable by being available. Other staff also accommodating and friendly.Villa Real is a fine choice for a stay in Madrid.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>duckworp
<Content>Fantastic Hotel The Villa Real is a first class hotel in all respects. Whilst we booked a standard room we were given a Junior Suite, with a lounge and a bedroom. The walls of the bedroom had two beautiful framed original 5th century roman mosiacs on display (the owner is a collector and chooses to diplay his collection in his hotel rooms). The bedroom was fantastic, extremely comfortable and very stylishly furnished - traditional dark wood but with a modern twist.The bathrooms are excellent.The staff are very friendly and very helpful. They sorted out good seats at the bullfight for us, despite it being a sell-out, and at very little extra cost to the face-value ticket price.And I have to mention the location: no more than 15 minutes walk from everywhere you could want to be.There isn't a great lounge/bar area in the hotel, but there is no need for one: you are in the centre of Madrid - there is really no need to stay in the hotel to eat or drink when you have some of the most atmospheric restaurents and bars in the world on your doorstep. Get out there and sample the local venues !  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FLB
<Content>Just as expected       view from our room  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>peachome
<Content>VIlla Real was OK We were there in September - 2 rooms. I agree with many of the comments - the hotel is VERY central which is it's biggest plus. Second is the nice bathroom (small...two sinks but one is behind the door so not very usable) with good amenities (they had hair-conditioner, a rarity, but don't use it because it was very hard on the hair!!). And, we got a bottle of wine in our room which was lovely and a few flowers and the chocolates at turn down service. The room was immaculate. The bedroom was the top level with a step down to the lower sitting level which is a nice feature....but the space would have been better as one nice larger bedroom since the bed corner was right by the step down - very dangerous if you're stumbling around in the dark (I managed not to fall till the last day when I was packing...and really got a terrible bruise froim hitting the bannister on the way down.) My friend's single room was extremely tiny with small twin beds.The hotel service is spotty...some people were very friendly/helpful, others totally ignored us or were outright rude. I felt there really wasn't any nice communal space - the lounge area was not well appointed, furnishings modern and the space uninviting. While we were there, no one actually seemed to use the part of the space that was a bit elevated (except at the computer) - it's very underutilzed and a waste. It's a shame they didn't expand the bar/tapas lounge instead - it was nice to have that in the hotel but no part of it was non-smoking so the smallish space could get pretty bad. And you never felt special as a guest in that area since there was a lot of walk in traffic to the bar.Our rooms had no information in them (e.g. about the restaurant, the area, hotel services, use of the Urban's facilities) or instructions on how to use the phone, (I had to make a call to France and the hotel operator gave me the wrong instructions twice...and my short call cost me 38Euros - - so make sure you have your own calling card) there wasn't even info on how to call another room, etc. There was no clock in the room (but that's pretty typical). My friend asked if she could have a clock and they said no clocks in this hotel.Last time in Madrid we stayed at the Palace which was fabulous but with the Euro/dollar rate it was just too much for us to spend on a room - rather spend that money on other things (we did go over there to sit in their lounge and have an evening drink). The Villa Real was a decent compromise and very functional but I think I might look for something a little more special next time.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Villa Real My Husband and I arrived in Madrid late on a Saturday evening, we were pleasantly surprised on our arrival at the hotel, after the trip from the airport! There was a lovely greeting from the hotel manager thanking us for choosing the hotel, along with a bottle of Red wine! Our room was on the fifth floor with a nice balcony which overlooked the street and which we ate breakfast which was served in our room on the first morning. The seperate bedroom was a nice size and had lovely oversized comfortable pillows, we had a great night sleep.The hotel is in a great location, within walking distance of the Prado the Cathedral and Royal Palace, we booked the cultural package which included passes to all the above, a very good idea.We also took the opportunity to eat within the hotel restraunt which was highly recommended, and although it was expensive it was very nice.I would definately recommend this hotel for its location and charm.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>1KViajeroMundial
<Content>OUTSTANDING LOCATION Stayed in Madrid 3 nights. Two nights were on an AMEX certificate and the third night paid for by me at a rate of 125 euro. Staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful at selecting locations, restaurants and recommending activities (flamenco at one of the best tablaos in Madrid). It is not even half a block from the Westin Palace. Walking distance to metro stops and all major sights (less than two blocks from Thyssen Bournemisza and about two or three blocks from the Prado and four blocks from the parque del retiro). Plaza Santa Ana (great for sitting, tapas, and people watching) is around the corner, Gran Via is a few blocks away and Plaza del Sol is in its backyard. In short a great property. As to the room, it was nice with a stepdown sitting area. The bathroom was very nice and the shower / water pressure was amazing!!! I didn't realize how important water pressure was but it was so strong. The robes, turndown service, chocolates and other nice touches that other reviews provide were all there, including a welcome plate of fresh fruit. My wife and I prefer more 'simple' / 'sleeker' hotels such as the W chain and places like Capo d'Africa in Rome, but as I was on an AMEX certificate I didn't have much choice. The Villa Real has a sister property around the corner (the Hotel Urbano) which fits this bill. It is brand new with great bars and a terraced rooftop bar. Also, the Villa Real does not have a pool but the Urbano does which guests at the Villa Real have access to. Great, great hotel at a fraction of the cost of the Westin Palace. The only reason I don't give it an 'excellent' is that the hotel, in general, is not to our taste (decor, bedding, etc.). But in spite of this, i'd stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wozzle
<Content>they cancelled our dinner reservation!! We liked the hotel.The rooms were good, the location excellent. The breakfast in your room very good value, cleanliness good and being able to use the pool at the Urban around the corner a bonus, our only problem was we had booked a meal at a 3 star micheline restaurant some months in advance and found out only by chance that when the restaurant had telephoned to confirm they were told( by a very arrogant man in reception ) that we had checked out and would not require the table!! He did put the matter right but accused us of booking the restaurant in the wrong name! and at no point did he apologise, so if you have a reservation it is worth letting the desk know.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Lovely Hotel My husband and I stayed at the Villa Real at the beginning of August for one night. We needed a comfortable hotel where we could get a good night's sleep after a trans-atlantic flight and a 7 hour drive the next day. The location is great, within walking distance to many museums and restaurants/cafes. The service was excellent. The staff are extremely friendly and helpful. We were greeted with courtesy and warmth whenever we saw any of the hotel staff. Some lovely touches: two fruit plates (one each?) with peaches, strawberries, plums etc were awaiting us with a note thanking us for staying at the hotel, chocolates on the pillows, terry-cloth robes, slippers, wood floors. The room was quiet, well appointed (not your average hotel room - all are unique) and the bed was comfortable.We had drinks and tapas in the hotel bar - also very nice. The lobby is not huge and oppulent but comfortable and we were able to make numerous phone calls from the lobby phone in the comfort of a squishy leather couch:)We visited some friends who were staying at the Westin Palace and although that hotel is very rich feeling and looking, the staff were totally snooty with us.I would highly recommend the Villa Real - fantastic value for money (we paid 135 euros/night and booked on the Derby Hotel website).  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rapjkp
<Content>Good stay at the Villa Real My husand and myself and our two children recently stayed at the Real for two nights. It has an excellent location near both the Prado and the Thyssen-Bornemisza Musuems. It also is easy walking distance to the Plaza Mayor, the Puerto del Sol, great shopping and restaurants. Our favorite plaza ,the Sant Ana, is very near there. The air conditioning works great( by American Standards ) and was important as the temperature in Madrid was 100. The bathrooms while small are wonderful and have great extras like bathrobes and very nice amenities. I don't think the beds were as comfortable as I would have expected in a hotel in this category. We did not eat at the restaurant but did enjoy the lovely bar. Service was what you would expect from this hotel. It was the only hotel we stayed in during our two and half week trip in Spain that had someone to help you with your luggage. The complimentary bottle of wine was a nice touch. IF you can get a discounted rate(we paid $150 per room) this hotel is worth it.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Msk6261
<Content>We were thrilled with our choice of Villa Real Just returned from our journey around southern Spain where Madrid was our first stop.Villa Real was a perfect choice to welcome us to Madrid and Sapin as a whole. I found I liked Madrid more than I expected to and it is partly because of the hospitality here.The rooms were contemporary and well maintained. The location could not have been more perfect...across the street from the Thyssen-Bornemisza Museum (a must stop) and down the street from the Prado. Although it was a busy square, as soon as the window was closed, you could not hear a bit of road noise or any noise from other rooms.The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful and sent us to some good finds (although it seems everyone who stays there is sent to La Barraca for Paella at least one night which leads me to believe they are in co-hoots).Our room rate did not include breakfast and it was pricey for what it was so we did not eat in the hotel at all. There was a nice bottle of Spanish wine waiting for us when we arrived. A nice touch. Free internet access in the lobby but only one computer to wait for.You have free access to the rooftop pool of their sister hotel around the corner. A nice option in the heat of the summer.Villa Real is definitely on the recommend list!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cfsnco
<Content>Very Good hotel        living area  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ffa1986
<Content>A good choice - well done This was our first trip to Madrid and we (my wife and I) were looking for somewhere comfortable to stay 1 night. We selected the Hotel Villa Real based on traveladvisor reviews and we were not disappointed - it was a good choice. The location was quiet (as other reviewers had remarked). The room was large and spacious, with a lower level given over to living (including a comfortable red leather settee and a balcony). Exhausted from our shopping expedition, we dined that night in the hotel restaurant (the more casual one) and had an excellent risotto. We would certainly stay in Hotel Villa Real again.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome hotel! I stayed at this hotel for just two nights while on business last week. What a great location! Everything from great shopping (el corte ingles) to amazing food (tapas at Plaza Santa Ana) was within walking distance. The room I got was great, two levels and really just beautiful. Very clean accomodations and the free wine and nice flowers that everyone writes about. Excellent and helpful staff, Paulo was the best!Only downside was that on Fri night at 2 am there were so many people outside, locals enjoying their weekend, that it was very difficult to block out the noise!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Bang for the Buck What a superb hotel at half the cost of the Palace. Don't get me wrong, the Palace is a beautiful hotel and about 12 steps from the front of the Villa Real (must visit just to see inside). We decided on the Villa Real because most of our time was spent outside of the hotel. The front desk staff were excellent, someone speaking english was always available. The bell staff even helped out with adapters, luggage, directions, etc. They were able to get incredible seats for a bullfight and could always point me in the right direction, ice to the room, was within 4 minutes... Cleaning staff did a great job as well. Rooms were decorated very contemporary and ours had a small balcony that gave a great view. Sound was not an issue to us, the baclony doors sealed most of the noise and a wedding took place on the first loor during one night with no adverse effects..Recommend 5th floor room on side above banquet area...Hotel is walking distance to everything...Prado, Thyssen, Puerta del Sol, tours, etc...VIPS (US version of Denny's and 7-11) is right around the corner by Starbucks next to the Planet Hollywood. Fully recommend  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mostly good but ended poorly We stayed 3 nights in this conveniently located hotel. Everything was in walking distance (museum neighborhood). We were able to check-in early after arriving in the morning from Barcelona. At check-in, we were given a summary card of our stay (duration of stay, room number....). It also included a line regarding breakfast stating it was included (desayuno --incluido) which was unexpected. I asked twice just to make sure this was correct and was confirmed each time (we'll come back to this). They gave us a room on the 4th floor facing the front of the building looking into the plaza which was nice and not very noisy. We received a bottle of wine and a standard welcoming letter (apparently everyone does). The room was pleasant and spacious especially compared to Barcelona for similar costs. The room had two adjacent twin beds, not ideal but ok. Overall we enjoyed our time at the hotel. I would consider this a 4 star hotel and definitely not 5. If you want a five star hotel, go next door to the Westin.Lastly, the checkout. When the bill was printed, I was surprised by the 18 Euro per person for breakfast each day. I produced the check-in card clearly stating that the breakast was included thinking it was a mistake. The front desk gentleman accused me of deception. He stated that I should pay and also murmured some derogatory comments to a colleague (I do know enough spanish to understand). After some mild bickering, the charges were taken off. Had I known that the so-so breakfast buffet was 18 euros per person, I would have eaten out at the many good local cafes. This left a bad taste in my mouth and would be hesitant to fully recommend this hotel to others. A 5 star hotel would not have acted in such a rude manner.  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>roka
<Content>Love the Hotel, Love the Concierge We had a wonderful stay for 3 nights. The concierge, Guillermo, was the best ever. He arranged a private tour for us to Segovia and a walking tour of Madrid. He even booked a tour in Toledo for us. Our room was clean and lovely. A bottle of wine and welcome greeting from the manager was in the room. There are fresh flowers in the sitting area and even in the bathroom!!! Our room overlooked the front of the hotel but we never heard street noise. Our only problem was the step down sitting area. In the middle of the night my husband almost fell down the step which is kind of close to the edge of the bed. The location is excellent. We walked to the Prado and Royal Palace. Around the corner from the hotel was the best restaurant of our 2 week trip around Spain..Rubicon de Esteban.  
<Date>May 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noise is a big problem We booked this hotel for a relaxing weekend in Madrid following the excellent reviews we had read on tripadvisor. Our first impression was that this was not a five star hotel, our room was quite small, poorly fitted out and very disappointing. Our room was at the rear of the hotel with a view of a dark depressing courtyard. There is no concierge service, we made the mistake of asking for a restaurant recommendation from the front desk. We had to leave the recommended establishment before ordering our food, it was in the basement of a bar with harsh lighting and a very rude waiter. The worst part of our stay was the unbelievable amount of noise in our room. This hotel has a big noise problem, not from outside but from within. Rooms have wooden floors and are separated with paper thin walls, the problem is exacerbated by marble floors in the hallway. The staff are obviously well used to complaints about noise and were very accommodating in moving us to a top floor room as soon as one became available. This was an improvement but still very noisy. Plus points are an excellent location and friendly staff but that's about it, don't be fooled into thinking that you're going to get a five star experience, we felt that a three star rating would be more appropriate.  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Villa Real I stayed at the Villa Real 4/23-4/28, and found it to be extremely overrated. Yes, the location is awesome, and at first glimpse the appearance of the Hotel very welcoming and charming. Unfortunately, that's where the positive's end. In my opinion, the rooms in the Villa Real were not of '5' star quality. As several reviewers in the past have stated, they're starting to show a bit of wear. For example, the floors were a bit worn throughout the room, the phones looked like plastic toys, the closet doors did not shut properly, and were very rickety. There were also a lot of exposed wires behind the television. And, the biggest problem for me was the paper thin walls! I could hear everything that was going on in the hallway, and the rooms next to me. It got so bad that one night I was unable to sleep due to very rude neighbors, and had to request a room change. I'll give the hotel credit for taking care of the situation, but the damage was done. There are plenty of other hotels in Madrid that truly warrant a 5 star rating, but the Villa Real is not one of them.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A WAIST OF GOOD MONEY Well i booked this hotel on the reviews i had read on trip adviser, i booked the cultural package which sounded ideal, this was to include , Two nights in double deluxe room - buffet breakfast - Welcome gift in room (bottle of Spanish wine) - Late check out - Half day use of a Mercedes smart car (subject to availability ) - Daily press - Free entrance to all museums and important discounts in shops, restaurants... - Late check-out. we arrived saturday afternoon for a 2 night stay with very high expectationswhat we got wasstandard double room, i had to ask for the bottle of wine after searching for it for 10 mins , no mention of the use of a car, check out time was 12 o clock as normal not later as promised on the promotion, all the museums were closed as were all the shops for some strange reason Madrid closes on the may day weekend sun- mon so the museum passes and shop, restaurants discounts were absolutly useless.i never received a newspaper throughout my stay. all in all it was a very dissapointing weekend which i payed a lot of money for.  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>MikeEgan
<Content>Villa Real deserves #1 ranking We spent 6 days in Villa Real in April, 2005. We booked it on the basis of the rating it has consistently received from TravelAdvisor. We were not disappointed - the hotel is pleasant without being overwhelming, the staff are friendly and attentive, the location is great, quiet but convenient. Incidentally, Plaza Santa Anna just 5 minutes walk from the hotel is a great location for tapas and people watching in the evenings.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just stay here!!! Just back from 3 days in Madrid and don't think of staying anywhere other than the Villa Real. The location is perfect and you can walk to anywhere in the centre of Madrid from the hotel. There is plenty of nightlife within a 5 minute walk (just head up the hill to Calle de Leon and beyond) and yet the hotel is quiet at night.. trust me when I say that this is important, there was a traffic jam at 3.00am when we were walking home on our first night in Madrid !!! The top 3 museums are within a 10 minute walk and you can have breakfast in the nearby park behind the Prado. The hotel staff are very friendly and the service is great. When I go back to Madrid I will definitely be staying in the Villa Real!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cottonstones
<Content>Worst Breakfast Ever My husband and I have just spent 3 nights at The Hotel Villa Real.We booked directly on the Derby Hotels web site and took the option of the Cultural Package. Our check in was fairly swift and efficient. The staff were helpful and made recommendations for dinner.Our room was fine.The bed was a little on the hard side. The bathrooms are beginning to look tired and in need of updating. The walls between adjoining rooms are very thin and you hear everything.The biggest dissappointment was the breakfast. Buffet style, fine, but poor quality. The bread was stale, the milk was UHT, not fresh, and the fruit juices were poor. Not what you'd expect from a hotel in this league.The hotel is located in a good position for visiting the sites of Madrid.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Booked this hotel based on these reviews I chose this hotel based on it's position in the list of recommended hotels on this website, and also on it's location and price. The reviews of this hotel are very accurate and it deserves the credit it gets. It is a very good 4* hotel in my opinion. Not quite opulent enough to merit a 5* rating. If the best compliment one can give a hotel is to stay there again, then all I can say is that I certainly will.A restaurant I would like to recommend is the Bot铆n Restaurant, Cuchilleros 17, near Plaza Mayor. We had been given a recommendation by a friend. Do yourself a favour, eat there. The hotel arranged the restaurant reservation for us and also arranged a reservation at Casa Patas to see the Flamenco show. They also made sure that the schedule gave us enough time by arranging dinner at a suitable time. There is also a restaurant across the street to the right of the hotel front door that is very nice.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rc_louis
<Content>Finally, a quiet hotel in Madrid Have just spent 3 nights at this lovely hotel while in Madrid on business. This last trip was my 4th trip to Madrid this year and I am relieved to have finally found a quiet hotel. Hotels in Madrid seem to be plagued by noise (people going out to party when your body clock says that you should be sleeping....and people collecting the rubbish when you body clock says that you should be asleep).The hotel is located on a quiet square between 3 great hotels (Ritz, The Westin Palace and Hotel Urban) so there are plenty of great opportunities for dinner. We ate at the sister hotel of Villa Real, Hotel Urban, on the first night (superb) then at the Villa Real's own restaurant (same menu as Hotel Urban) then at the Asia Restaurant in The Westin Palace (recommended). We were well received at Hotel Urban and enjoyed the trendy bar there before dinner. Good quality Hungarian Tokai was available at both Villa Real and Hotel Urban.I booked the room over the internet at Villa Real's own website. The website can be found at ---- and paid 鈧?70/night, which I thought was great value. Initially, I only booked for 2 nights online as the rate for the 1st night jumped to 鈧?40/night. I phoned the hotel's own reservation desk and they were able to book the 1st night of my trip at the same rate.....which gave me a good feeling about the hotel before I had even arrived.My room was great, with a good bathroom (by good, I mean not tired like so many bathrooms that I call my own in a typical year) and a small lounge. Beds were turned fown daily. There were fresh flowers in the room.There was wireless internet access throughout the hotel, which I used extensively and found to be of a good quality (i.e. quick). Cost was 鈧?7.40 for 24 hours.We did not eat breakfast in the hotel because we found a Starbucks around the corner on our first evening's walk. I am always surprised that Starbucks survives so well in Spain as the general quality of coffee is so great in this Country. Nevertheless, I am still always relieved to find one.There does not appear to be a pool at the hotel (there is a great one on the top floor of Hotel Urban) and the gym is currently closed. You could take a run in the nearby Retiro Mediodia park if you feel the urge.Would I stay there again? Definitely. Would I take my family there next time? Definitely. RCL.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Badger50
<Content>One of the best Stayed at the Villa Real before Easter. One of the very few hotels that I have stayed at worldwide that I can make no recommendations for improvement!. Good, friendly service. Excellent suite of rooms, clean, well decorated and comfortable. Food and service in the resturant very good as was the breakfast. Well situated for the museums etc. No gym or swimming pool but for a couple of days - who cares!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this hotel! Stayed at the Villa Real in February 2005 for three nights. We arrived at 10:30AM after flying all night from the U.S. Even though we had not requested early arrival, they were happy to accomodate us and gave us two rooms next door to each other which we could use immediately. Both rooms were spotlessly clean, well equipped and tastefully decorated in a modern style. Bathrooms had marble, two sinks and tub with shower. There was plenty of powerful hot water. Fresh fruit and chocolates on the pillow appeared each evening. Breakfast was fantastic - don't miss it! The bar/restaurant was excellent. Very helpful and friendly staff, despite the fact that we broke a glass in the bar. We ate lunch in the bar restaurant and the food was excellent. We did not go to the main restaurant but if the bar restaurant is anything to go by, I imagine the standard is very high. All front office staff and porters/doormen were courteous, friendly and very helpful. Wonderful stay, we will be back. Only one tip for future stays - try to get a room on the side of the hotel where the sun comes up in the morning (at least in the winter). Those rooms were sunnier and lighter than on the other side.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Villa Real a great hotel I would strongly recommend the Villa Real. It's location is good,the room was great,the staff were excellent. Just down the road is the office for the open top bus tour the best way to see Madrid.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dungareedoll
<Content>Perfection We recently returned from Spain and spent 3 nights at the Villa Real. Fantastic location, near the Museums and only 10-15 minute walk to other touristy neighborhoods. Also, the Hop On, Hop Off Bus stop is just around the corner, near the Prado Museum. I can't say enough about the service though. The front desk was very helpful in offering to assist us with our onward train travel to two other cities. I gave them our requested itinerary and they worked with a travel agent to provide us with all of our tickets, without a service fee. Needless to say, this was an exceptional service especially since we do not speak much Spanish and everything was done at one time, thereby saving us time at the individual train stations. We received an excellent rate from the Hotel's website; I think it was 140 or 145 euros per night plus tax. However, to my surprise, we received a complimentary bottle of wine along with a lovely flower in a vase. In addition there were the included cozy robe, slippers, etc in the room. We had a great view overlooking the plaza. We could have spent less elsewhere for about 90-100 Euros, however, the service and comforts provided more than made up the extra dollar amount. We also had dinner in their Europa Restaurant, which was also quite excellent. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>brooklyn
<Content>Great Value My boyfriend and I just recently spent four nights at the Villa Real Hotel. Overall, this property is excellent. The staff is friendly and everyone spoke English. The buffet breakfast included in the price of the room was surprisingly good. Although the rooms are small, they are very clean. And you definitely can't beat the location. The only complaint that we had was the uncomfortable twin beds in the room. Overall, a great property.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Villa Real Hotel in Madrid My partner and I spent three nights there in January 2005 using the Winter Package. The free museums was only one day but even so a nice touch. Hotel is really well located and close walking distance from the Prado and Thyssen Museums.The front desk staff were very helpful for non Spanish speaking guests and lots of pampering for guests with papers and early morning tea/coffee available.No gym however, but free interrnet use.Even learnt the correct way to pronounce paella (pajja!!)The breakfast buffet was all encompassing with cooked eggs etc on request. Overall great value and very comfortable...but watch the taxi drivers who seem to go a long way sometimes to go a short distance!!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ParisExpat
<Content>Highly recommended Reserved this hotel on the basis of other reviewers and was not disappointed. Excellent rooms, big comfortable bed, good service, polite English- and French-speaking staff, and the location couldn't possibly have been better. Never had to take the metro, bus or taxis anywhere for sightseeing and nightlife. For 鈧?40/night (hotels.com) this is great value-for-money.Furthermore, as a business traveller used to the sterility of Holiday Inns, Hiltons and Novotels, this hotel has that extra bit of character that allows me to give the maximum rating.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Roba
<Content>Good hotel Villa Real was lovely though rooms little small and was disappointed with Europa Restaurant in hotel which was expensive for what we got. Also thought extra charge of 鈧?8 + tax for breakfast expensive. However the rooms were immaculate and it is in a very good location.Re restaurants in the area, beautiful restaurant with absolutely first class service literally beside hotel called Botticelli or something similiar! Ask at reception but excellent restaurant.Also we found it very diffcult to find restaurants and it was only at the end of our stay that we realised that in Madrid, firstly the restaurants are normally quite difficult to spot, usually dark exterior with no lighting to draw attention to the establishment and secondly dont let this rather 'drab' first impression put you off as once inside the door the restaurants we visited were lovely both interior wise and food wise. There are actually lots of restaurants around the hotel but just look for eg. Cluny a restaurant recommended on this site is only up from the hotel on a side street and we didnt see it until the day we were travelling home!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A touch of Class Loved the hotel at first sight. This was one of the best city hotels I have seen in Europe. Staff is discreet but friendly and do speak English! It was also one of my fastest check in and check out. Maybe the hotel is slightly old but it is very well kept and has an elegance that it very difficult to find in the new hotels nowadays. Our room had a lovely view of a square and we had excellent housekeeping service who kept us supplied with fresh towels and bathsupplies and a pleasant turndown service. One word to describe this hotel would be classy!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nobutterface
<Content>Classy hotel We had reservations for the four star Urban, but it was not open in time for our trip, but the Villa Real honored our reservation and price. The hotel was in a great location for walking to all the museums and to restaurants. The lobby is lovely and the service was classy.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>theconkwellkid
<Content>A Proper 5 Star Hotel Superb service, great location, wonderful breakfast. Fully deserves its 5 star rating. One word of advice: try logging on the the hotel's own web site for special offers not available elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You might find a better one We stayed at the Villa Real in September 2004 for 2 nights. The location of the hotel is good and the breakfasts are lovely. But the rooms seem old, smelly and the staff does not speak or understand English. We had to be directed to the reception in order to order a meal from the room service, which did not speak any English. The hotel also lacks a concierge service which is a missing point for a 5 star. Might worth staying at only if you catch a bargain deal. I will definitely look for another hotel in my next Madrid stay.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delightful experience We stayed at the Villa Real in midOctober, 2004. We arrived earlier than check in time but were taken care of as soon as possible by a very attentive desk staff. Although we had booked at about half the published rate we got a large room with a sitting area with large windows overlooking the square. The rooms and bathroom were well-furnished and clean with big closets. The location is terrific within a short stroll of The Prado and the Thyssen-Bornamiza museums and the Reina Sofia is not a long walk. The open top tour buses stop nearby and a couple of the routes give you a nice overview of the city although the traffic is pretty heavy. We found all of the staff at the hotel to be very pleasant including the cleaning staff who were happy to leave extra towels for us. We would not consider another hotel if we go back to Madrid. One word of warning; do not take the hotel's recommendation of the restaurant Rincon De Est Madrid which is close by. Touristy, loud, overpriced with really quite poor food. Go to Cluny also within walking distance instead!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location! Just got back from a two-week trip to Spain. Picked the Hotel Villa Real based upon its rank on tripadvisor.com. My wife and I stayed five nights and were not disappointed.The staff was very friendly and attentive, and the rooms were decent-sized by European standards. We had a room with sunken seating area overlooking a small plaza.Location was the most positive aspect, though. The Villa Real is a 5 minute walk from the Prado Museum, the Reina Sofia Museum, Plaza Santa Ana, and Puerta del Sol. It's about a ten-minute walk to Plaza Mayor.We were a bit surprised to find out that the hotel does NOT have a pool or a gym. Various travel sites had indicated that the hotel had these amenities.If you get tired of tapas and Spanish cuisine during your trip to Madrid, there is an Argentinean restaurant between the hotel and the Plaza Santa Ana. I believe it's called La Parillada. Good food and good service (unusual for Spain) at very reasonable prices- we ate there twice.Have a great trip!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bluetonic
<Content>Madrid favourite I stayed with my girlfriend at the Villa Real for 5 nights in late August this year. We were to stay at the Urban hotel but were transfered to the Villa Real since the Urban still was under construction. I must agree with all the praise the hotel have got on this page - great location, suberb breakfast and nice split level room. The only thing that wasn't top notch was the bathroom which was a little bit small and in need of a redecoration soon. A special plus for the sparkling wine we got the first night!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gnome2Travel
<Content>Ditto every one else's good ratings Like everyone else, we loved this hotel. Our stay was in July 2004. Our room faced the front of the hotel, so the view was really lovely. The suite was very nicely decorated, clean and quiet. The air conditioning worked well. Very close to the 3 major museums which was a definite plus. Easy access to the city bus tour and also to the metro. Front desk was helpful. When we come back to Madrid, we'll be staying here.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rsdNyc
<Content>class act, great staff, comfortable and excellent location wonderful location, 2 minutes from 3 museums, terrific staff, every luxury. we asked for a quiet room, got one facing the back, but light and split-level, very very comfortable. lots of little extras that one really appreciates, as others have noted. wonderful mosaics (sister hotel in barcelona, claris, has egyptian art, also terrific place), staff couldn't be more helpful, free internet use in lobby (as at claris). would return in a second. high praise! no gym was only problem.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Upscale property Stayed in July 26-28 A near 5! Upscale, rooms are designed on two levels. Bed (in our case a king size) on upper level, and two steps below a large size tv and leather sofa. Appointments are excellent and all the incredible touches of an upsale property are provided: robes, a bottle of wine, flowers (real) , etc. French doors looked out over the Plaza de Cortes. Floor and furnishings in a deep cherry---most attractive. A/c that really worked(critical in the hot summer weather). Bathroom fully tiled and modern with all amenities. Attractive bar, and sophiscated restaurant. Easy walking distance to the Prado and other museums. Six blocks from Plaza de Sol. Being on a side street, the room was very quiet, not noisy. Reception desk staff speak english. Why an almost 5? Our foyer into the room was a marble inlaid floor that had seen better days and was chipped. Otherwise a wonderful property. Gladly would return  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lmmNewYorkCity
<Content>Lovely hotel We stayed in the Villa Real the first week of July and were very happy with our stay. The hotel is located a few blocks from the Prado and a 10-minute walk to the Plaza Mayor. The room (standard) was a good size, with modern amenities, hard wood floor with a separate area that steps down to a couch and television. The hotel staff was very helpful and recommended a couple restaurants that were very good: El Rincon de Esteban, Santa Catalina 3 and Casa Santa Cruz, La Bolsa, 12. We would stay at the Villa Real next time we visit Madrid.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Real Nice! We stayed at the Villa Real from June 18-21, 2004. Although bumped to this hotel (Hotel Urban was not yet ready), we receive a very warm welcome. bottle of cava, chocolates. Excellent service, although i wouldn't say they had a real concierge, just helpful front staff (they even supplied a plug adapter for the duration of our stay). We had a 2 floor suite, which was nice. Bumped it down to 4 star for the following reasons: poor soundproofing - heard whole conversations from the suite next door, slight lack of maintenance in the suite (tiles near tub were broken, etc). Would stay there in a heartbeat again - unbeatable location!!!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ckwald
<Content>Highly recommended We thoroughly enjoyed our stay here . . . low key luxury, all the special touches, very attentive and friendly staff, room service breakfast that arrives practically as you hang up the phone, a few minutes walk from the major museums, at a price a good deal more reasonable than the larger 5-star establishments. Flowers and wine from the management on the second day added to the feeling that guests are highly valued and cared for.   
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NDsunsets
<Content>Top Notch  Great Location!!! We went to Madrid to see our daughter that is going to school in Alcala. Found the Villa Real on line and appreciated the reviews I had read so decided to make sure and give my input too upon our return. We went over the Easter spring break (April 3-10). This is Holy week in Spain. Lots of processions in the streets. Ended up seeing some of them right from our balcony in the street below our hotel. Amazing! Also this is definitely a top notch hotel. The rooms are extremely clean. Mahogany woodwork throughout, marbel floor/tiles in bathroom, comfortable beds, leather couch in sitting area, complimentary wine, slippers and robe, turn down for beds each night. The location can't be beat, within walking distance to many attractions and plazas. Just blocks from the Prado and Thyssen musuems, close to Retiro park (beautiful), close to Atoche train station (a must if going to other towns for the day/days). Always felt safe and enjoyed the night life. Everyone comes alive at about 8:00 pm and goes to the plazas to eat, shop, and see the sights. The Hotel will get you a taxi (if needed) within minutes. All staff are very accomodating and take great care of you. The bar was nice, the restaurant fabulous (not even that expensive). All in all a terrific place to stay and will definitely recommend to anyone thinking of heading to Madrid. Can't be beat!!! Great Prices too. Miss it already.   
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sabbaticalPlanner
<Content>Class Act The hotel is an absolute gem. Wonderful rooms, a bottle of wine has always been waiting upon arrival. The staff at the front desk is helpful and actually happy to see you upon your return. They sent us to three fabulous restaurants, La Finca de Susana, Gloria Monterra, and another right behind the hotel. We have stayed at the Hotel Villa Real at least four timesat wonderful rates (call the hotel directly and ask for specials or go to their own web site. The staff treated our college kids with respect and gave them ideas appropriate for their age and affordable. Five star hotel with five starpersonnel. The location is absolutely the best in Madrid. The Prado and the Thyssen are less than a minute away!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Well as a thrifty traveler, I am always looking for a deal and what a deal I found with Villa Real Hotel! My boyfriend and I were ecstatic with the hotels feel, service and amenities and location.We were give the corner room on the second floor which was absolutely amazing- two sets of French doors which opened up to the parliament and a beautiful little park/square area in the front of the hotel. After a day of sight seeing, we would open up the doors, pull our chairs close to the balconies sip our Spanish Wine gaze a people walking down the streets.It's a great location near the Retiro Park, few blocks away to the Atocha Train station, museums, and nightlife.The staff is wonderful, they helped me to pack the paintings I purchase from a Art Fare, made reservations for us for dinner, guided us with train schedules.As for the room - it had built in his/her mahogany closets-no fighting for closet spaceBathroom- all marble, very clean, cozy bathrobes, slippers and luxurious soaps, shampoos and other toiletries.Although I have not stayed at any other hotels in Madrid, I did walk through a few and for the price and service I think Villa Real was a great deal! Enjoy!!! My boyfriend and I will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So So Good Location, rooms a little small but clean. Not great for the price  
<Date>Feb 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Walls a little thin or our neighbours were VERY enthusiastic What can I say? The Villa Real is a fabulous hotel. The three of us (two adults and 1 child) were booked into a standard room and they upgraded us to a two-floor suite (November 2003). The room was beautiful with comfortable beds and a nice leather couch. Loved the ancient Roman Tiles that served as art. Loved the balcony with its chaise lounges and umbrella (though obviously didn't use it). The toiletries in the bathroom were wonderful. We had lunch in the bar restaurant and though pricey, it was delicious. My only complaint? The people in the next room to us were nightowls. The hooting, hollering, making love with a gusto kind of night owls. They must have used the jacuzzi about three times over the course of the night. I had to explain to my kid that they weren't really slaughtering goats in the next room. I'm usually pretty easygoing about this kind of stuff but not when I'm paying the prices the Villa Real commands. I called and complained at five in the morning after thumping on the wall a few times. The front desk guy clucked sympathetically but didn't do anything. We were all hollow-eyed wrecks the next morning. Normally, I'd give the Villa Real a higher rating but that one night left me feeling pretty ambivalent, especially when nobody would help me out and I still had to pay $400 plus for a lack of sleep.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dorisg
<Content>Excellent hotel   showReview(1509993, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jacksmack
<Content>Innovative   showReview(1491163, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly, Courteous and Great Location!   showReview(1376492, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel   showReview(1370206, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad........   showReview(1365279, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lancarra
<Content>Great choice!   showReview(1262158, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Madrid Hotel   showReview(1258079, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel   showReview(984808, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Real luxury at the Villa Real   showReview(932701, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rataturium
<Content>Will return to the Villa Real   showReview(851366, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon H么tel   showReview(19646991, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>5* Hotels Madrid   showReview(15575444, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BabeParis
<Content>Parfaitement situ茅   showReview(13726817, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇°倗銇ｃ仺銇炽仯銇忋倞   showReview(19163557, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍏堥€憋紦娉娿仐銇︽潵銇俱仐銇?..   showReview(19920642, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

