<Author>happyheart921
<Content>Very Happy with stay We didn't have reservations and were given a room with 2 queen beds, we called and requested a room with a king bed and couch. The staff was very friendly and polite about our request. We were given another room which was perfect for us. The rooms were spotless and comfortable. There are a LOT of pillows on the very comfortable bed, white ones being feather and beige ones being foam, really nice to have so many. If you put your order in before midnight, you get breakfast brought to your room between 8 and 10 AM. We forgot to put our room # on the menu choices and when I called to see when breakfast was coming, a polite clerk named Terrell immediately got our breakfast delivered just as ordered- yummy blueberry waffles, scrambled eggs, sausage, yogurt, coffee, all for free with the room. We would definately stay there again.By the way, the hotel on the block before this wanted $60 more for their rooms and we had a great view of Mount Ranier, which the other place didn't.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Windwardites
<Content>Staff training? This was my fourth stay at this hotel in the last 4 years. I checked in on Thursday (11/13) and checked out on Monday (11/17).There is no question this hotel is a great value, as noted by the other guests.I do have suggestions for Management to improve their front desk. I will send Management my sugestions.The front desk is the frontline- they are the first and last to see you, as well as throughout the day. Train them to say Welcome to the University Inn..........how can I can help you today? , rather then last name please or hi and stare at you. It is a simple statement, but a very welcoming opening statement. Train them to look up and say hello and smile whenever guests are passing by the front desk. Rarely did they do this, unless I initiated the hello. A guest will feel much more appreciated by this simple courtesy. I know at times, it can be very busy at the front desk, so a simple wave can even suffice. This is the kind of simple things that can bring back customers.......not the free breakfasts. Competition is tough because of the economy, so making the guest welcomed and happy should be the number one priority,Another issue is to be sure your information is corrrect whenever it is in black and white. The black informational book in the hotel room indicates you can ask front desk to request a time for housekeeping to clean your room. I requested 9am cleaning daily and the front desk clerk typed the memo to housekeeping. They always came in the afternoon( 1:30pm and 2:30pm). I know it was a busy weekend for the hotel because of the football games, but why did I even bother making the request?The book also gives you the hours and menu for the Portage Bay Cafe. I wanted to order a simple hamburger on Saturday and they said they only serve brunch all day. Update your book. Also note the front desk neglected to say there was tax on the airport sedan service. The service is not $40. It is $43.50.Would I stay again.......probably. The positives definitely outweigh the negatives. All of these issues can be resolved to make the University Inn a better hotel.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	5	5	2	2	2	

<Author>7Marini8
<Content>Great place to stay We stayed two nights at the University Hotel and recommend it to other travellers. The rooms are contemporary design and comfortable and clean. Above all the staff are very friendly and helpful - giving directions, recommending restaurants,arranging for the shuttle van. The hotel is located near the U of Washington campus and offers complimentary shuttle service to the downtown core. It was great to be able to park the car for a couple of days! In the evenings we walked 2-3 blocks to nearby restaurants in the university district.Our room looked out over a courtyard pool in the back which was undoubtedly quieter because of less traffic noise - so you may want to book your room with that in mind. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Future_Botanist
<Content>Best Hotel and Best Price in Seattle! I've never written a review about a hotel before, but this is one hotel that I just had to let others know about.Our first impression of the University Inn came when we checked in at midnight. We were greeted by three staff at the front desk who were bright, cheery, very helpful and so friendly. Our jaded Chicago minds couldn't conceive of people being so nice and friendly at midnight.We knew we'd made a great choice when we were told that we got free breakfast in the morning with a Make Your Own Waffle bar. What?! Free Waffles! This was definitely the right choice for us. They also had a variety of other breakfast options for those who aren't waffle crazed. Breakfast lasts until 10AM. Other hotels we stayed at usually wrap up breakfast by 8 or 9.Did I mention that for the free morning breakfast you can choose to have it deliverd to your room at no cost in the morning? Though we weren't too lazy to go down and get it ourselves, it seemed like a nice gesture to those who aren't able to get down in the morning. We got to our room which was clean and well stocked with all the amenities you would find at a pricey hotel. There was also free internet access, a microwave and a mini fridge with a freezer. Also the windows open! If you're like me you'll love sleeping with the feel of fresh Seattle air blowing on your face.The beds were comfortable and there were an option of pillows on the bed. If you have allergies, you could choose an allergy friendly pillow. I mixed and matched my pillows just because I could.We found out in the morning that our room had a great view of Mt Rainier (BONUS!)They have a free shuttle that takes you to some of the touristy spots and some shopping centers. We didn't partake since we rented a vehicle, but very convenient. FYI, free parking in the hotel lot is included.Though we didn't get to go in the pool, it did look very inviting. They have a daily afternoon snack of cheese, crackers, etc. and there is always free hot beverages in the lobby (tea, coffee, hot chocolate) if you don't want to have coffee in your room.All in all, you won't be dissappointed if you choose this hotel. Great friendly staff who are very helpful, lots of free amenities and a great price. We plan on staying here again when we visit Seattle next year. Maybe I'll design matching We Love University Inn t-shirts to wear on our next Seattle trip...dare to dream!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jonem93
<Content>University Inn, Seattle - a good experience The University Inn is set in the relative peace of the University District (U of Washington.) It is a great place to come home to after seeing the sights of Seattle. Their free shuttle makes it very easy to get to the major sights of Seattle. The shuttle drivers are exceptionally friendly and make good tour guides. The staff is friendly and welcoming. Also, a great complimentary breakfast is provided. It is easy to come back to the hotel after a day of sightseeing, relax for awhile and then walk up the street to the restaurant area and have a choice of a variety of menus. The UWashington campus is a short walk away with its very good Burke Museum and lovely campus. We had a very pleasant stay here and we highly recommend staying here. We definitely will stay at the University Inn if we visit Seattle again.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Shad0wb0xer
<Content>Great! I stayed here the night before moving into the University of Washington and it was lovely after my long flight! Staff were very friendly, and I'd booked a two-queen bed room even though there was only me because it was the only one available, but when I got there they'd upgraded me to a premier king-sized bed room with complimentary breakfast delivered to my door, so that was nice! A lovely place to stay if you're going to the UW or visiting someone there, or just visiting Seattle in general - the complimentary shuttle it very useful indeed! Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DeDeOregon
<Content>Good hotel, great price We stayed 2 nights at the University Inn while vacationing in Seattle. We've stayed at many different hotels in Seattle over a number of years and chose the University Inn this time for its price and high rating on tripadvisor.Overall, our stay was positive. I wasn't wowed by the UI, but it has a nice location in the University District, a free continental breakfast, and the price is excellent compared to other Seattle hotels. Our room had a nice view of downtown (in the distance) which was a bonus. We also took advantage of the free shuttle service the hotel provides and spent a morning downtown shopping. We were the only ones in the shuttle both ways and the driver was on-time and friendly. The continental breakfast was fine, better (more options) if you actually go downstairs rather than fill out the form for them to deliver it to your door in the morning.Our only complaint was that despite being gone from 9am to 2pm one day our room was not cleaned until we made a request at 3:30. We ducked out for a walk and when we returned it was cleaned, but it feels like a hassle to have to do so. Strangely enough the following morning a housekeeping staff member knocked on our door at 9am wanting to clean our room when we were just getting out of bed.We've stayed in nicer hotels in the Seattle area, but also paid considerably more. We've stayed at their sister property just up the block, the Watertown, and I think I prefer it because it has a larger lobby and breakfast area plus tables outside. All in all, a good stay and the perfect pick if you want a solid hotel without the inflated Seattle prices.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Newtraveler83
<Content>Great Stay!!! My husband and I stayed at the University Inn over a long weekend to celebrate our anniversary. We booked the hotel after seeing the great reviews on Tripadvisor. Everything about this hotel was great! The rooms were clean and the staff was friendly. The area was quiet and the beds comfortable. We took advantage of the breakfast each day we were there. The staff kept the food well stocked and everything tasted great! We also got to enjoy the snack one day when we were there. We didn't use the pool as there were always quite a few people using it, but it looked clean and we saw staff cleaning it in the morning.We LOVED the fact that the hotel had a shuttle, as we didn't want to be looking for parking all the time. The shuttle drivers were great!!! They were helpful in explaining how to get around the city. They even offered to transport us to the Mariners game even though it wasn't on the regular route. Even though we didn't take advantage of the offer, we apprecieted it. I wish I could remember their names, so I could give them the thanks they deserve.I have absolutely no complains about this hotel and I would recommend it to anyone!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LJAvery
<Content>This hotel is FANTASTIC We booked this hotel because of the Trip Advisor rating, and the rave reviews from other travelers and were not disappointed. The experience was wonderful from start to finish. The front desk staff were efficient, knowlegable, friendly and helpful. The property was immaculate, including the rooms, and the eating area. There is a complimentary breakfast, complete with actual waffle irons, a large selection of beverages, and a diverse offering of foods. There is also a complimentary 'snack' served mid-afternoon, comprised of meats and cheeses, crackers, veggies and dip, rolls, and more bevvies. There is a complimentary internet station set up for the patrons use, complete with printer and hand sanitizer. Free, surveilled parking, close proximity and complimentary shuttle to many tourist attractions, and excellent room set-up, with fridge and microwave, nintendo, and sink-and-mirror combo outside the main bathroom, complete the package. Top it off with moderate pricing and you cannot beat this property for value. We were stunned at how reasonable the bill was on departure. I would recommend this hotel to ANYONE, particulary if you want to be out of the hub of downtown, but within a reasonable cab ride to the major attractions. It is about a 15 dollar fare if you are outside of the shuttle hours, and literally a 10 minute drive.  If anything, this property is UNDER-priced. We've never been more impressed.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>theraysfan
<Content>Kind and Considerate We booked this hotel after reading several reviews as it seemed like the best deal when we compared the rates to the downtown hotels. Most of the reviews stated that the staff was very helpful and friendly. We found this to be the case in a very special way. We were to attend the Mariners game on Saturday night and were running late as we were coming in from Eugene. We were unable to stop at the hotel before the game. We came out from the game and our rental's window had been broken and everything we owned was stolen. We called Jeff at the hotel to tell him we would be late and to be sure and hold the room. We finally arrived around 2 AM as the police never came to the scene. Jeff helped us to get the basic necessities and was on the lookout for the police who finally arrived around 3. The rest of the staff was very helpful the remaining days of our stay, but we can never thank Jeff enough for his support that evening. The room was very nice and clean. The University Inn is a very good deal that I would recommend to our friends. Watch out where you park in Seattle. The night we returned our rental two gentlemen in a Lincoln suffered the same fate.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Tempe1Traveler
<Content>A great little hotel The University Inn is a great place to stay, especially if you do not want to stay in downtown Seattle. We arrived early at the hotel and the front desk employees who were very pleasant, said it would be just a few minutes until our rooms were ready. Our room was just terrific, with a view of Mt. Rainier from our large window. Everything was clean and attractive and the bed was excellent. We chose a premier room so we had breakfast delivered to our room each morning. The food is basically what is served at their free breakfast bar and is good, but the hot dishes were just warm. Fortunately, food items could be reheated in the little microwave in the room. The front desk personnel are especially helpful with restaurant suggestions in the area as well as with directions. If you want to use their free shuttle to downtown Seattle, make a reservation for it as early as possible. The 9 and 10 AM shuttles were full for the days we wanted to use them. A parking space in downtown Seattle can be hard to come by and is fairly expensive. We felt lucky to find a parking garage near the Waterfront and parked for $12 for the day which wasn't bad. The Underground Tour in downtown was great.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Musiclover9
<Content>High Quality, Low Cost at the University Inn I booked this hotel after reading recommendations from TripAdvisor.com.University Inn is an unusually fine value. It is moderately priced, but spotlessly clean. The rooms are set up with great attention to detail, from the lighting to the microwave and fridge and fine bathroom. The rooms are also quiet. The internet is free and there are stations in the lobby for those who do not bring their own laptop.The staff are invariably polite and well informed.The hotel offers free shuttle service to various points.There is an outdoor swimming pool.Not only is there a good buffet breakfast every moning, there is a great buffet snack every afternoon from 3-5. I've never encountered a better value than University Inn and recommend it without reservation to all who are looking for reasonably priced accomodations in Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>imemine
<Content>Great Find This is a great hotel north of downtown Seattle but only a few minutes drive from most major attractions. It's clean and quiet and the young staff are helpful. They offer a very nice breakfast and snacks in the lobby.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>mlrmom
<Content>A great find What a find! I was sold on this hotel by others' reviews and the very friendly staff when I called for a reservation. When we first pulled up I was a little nervous because the street is rather busy and noisy and the outside of the building looked more like an office building. BUT we were not disappointed! Inside it was quiet (didn't even know there was traffic outside) and the room was very nice. Not until we got home did I realize that we had been promised a king bed and pull out soft and ended up with a queen and a pull out sofa. There was plenty of room to accomodate a rollaway bed to accomodate our family of five. This was a Premier room and included in the rate was a very nice breakfast which we had delivered to our room. We all were satisfied that our choices we made and the service was nice as well. There were afternoon snacks as well that we quickly partook of as we rushed off to sightsee. We didn't get to utilize the free shuttle bus but we would have if we were there longer. There is a nice (free) parking lot which is also a plus. It was also nice that there is a sink with the hair dryer outside of the shower area so that more than one of us could be getting ready. The location was easy to find and convenient to all the typical attractions as well as the university. We would be glad to stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>wanderer
<Content>The University Inn is a Good Place I agree with the consensus of reviewers here--the University Inn is a good place. No complaints on cleanliness, facilities, staff. No great shakes esthetically, but good quality space. Our room was adjacent to Roosevelt Way, the main street, so it was somewhat noisy at night (fast traffic, not lots of it) but we found it tolerable. They have free laundry machines (charge for soap) which we found very useful. The place is within walking distance of several coffee houses, the enormous University of Washington bookstore, and lots of cheap, student-oriented restaurants. The breakfast was OK, nothing special, but I don't really expect much from hotel breakfasts and there were plenty of other options.They operate a free shuttle van, though we didn't wind up using it. You can do this one with or without a car--they've got free parking, but they're also a couple of blocks from numerous bus lines to Downtown Seattle, Seattle Center, and other destinations. We paid $139 per night, it would have been a lot more in Downtown Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	5	

<Author>mathdan
<Content>Great deal The University Inn is a nice, clean, hotel that is a great deal when compared to most of the other hotels in Seattle. Our family stayed two nights at end of July in a two queen room. First off, the beds were actually queens, not doubles like some places try to pass off as queens. The room was clean, the bathroom clean and there was room to put bathroom stuff on the counters. The afternoon snack was great, we ate some when we checked in and it helped hold the kids off of needing dinner for a while. The breakfasts were plentiful and the kids loved making their own waffles. While the breakfast room was crowded, we managed to find seats each time and did not have to wait long for the waffles. We used the hotel shuttle service to drop us off the next day at the Seattle center and later called for it to pick us up downtown. We didn't have a reservation for the pickup, but it didn't take long. The hotel is very close to UW, we were able to walk over there the next morning in about 5 minutes. Our kids loved the pool. Great hotel for families traveling on a budget.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>spoiled_marines_girl
<Content>Very Frustrating We stayed at the University Inn forth of July weekend 2008 before boarding a cruise. My brother and sister in law are Physicians at the Hospital close by and said it was close to where the fire works could be seen. Two days prior to our arrival I was contacted by an employee of the hotel who confirmed our reservation of two queen beds and our stay dates. When we arrived at the hotel it was easy to find and clean and we received the key to our room and went upstairs after all day travel. When we opened the door to our room I new there was a mistake it was a very very small room with one bed. It was clean but not for two adults and two teenagers??I went back downstairs and let them know we were assigned the wrong room and I needed our room. I was told they had no other rooms available I let them know the name of the person who called me two days prior and confirmed my two queen beds and my stay dates. While the polite man was searching for another room for me this women with short blonde hair (I know her name but won鈥檛 put it here) that was not even helping me comes over and says well that girl who called you is new and also our policy states we do not guarantee bedding preferences. I just looked at her like who are you and what kind of moronic thing is that to say? I said to her first it鈥檚 not my issue your employee is new, second she called me not even 48 hours ago and confirmed two queen beds. There are 4 of us how would you like us all to fit on one queen bed my huhsband is a Marine our son is a 6 foot 2 200 pound football player and then there is mysef and our daughter?The poor guy that was trying to help me just wanted her to shut up as well as I did and go back to her area. Can you imagine being told they do not guarantee bedding preferences so 4 adults are supposed to share one bed? oh come on It turned out the room we should have received was given to someone who had already checked in and they only had two small rooms left the room they gave us was so small it did not even have enough room in it for a roller bed. They changed us out of that room into a slightly larger room with one bed and brought up one roller bed that is all that would fit. So my husband myself and our daughter shared the bed my son got the roller bed and suitcases stood up blocking the door and suitcases stood in the bathroom. . My husband who returned from a tour of Iraq a few months ago said he got more sleep in Iraq then sleeping in the same bed with our daughter and I all night. He said he would have slept on the floor but there was no room for him between the bed and air conditioner and the roller bed was already touching the other side of the bed. In the morning I went downstairs and told them they had to get us into a larger room or we were checking out. The girls who worked the morning of July 5th were great they took all our luggage and stored it and told us someone had checked out who was alone and given a two bed room by mistake the night before when he checked in. When we returned later that day from Pikes Market they had a large two queen bed room for us it was wonderful. When We checked out it was that same women with the short blonde hair from the first night and she still was most rude I looked at the bill and noticed the rate was $145 a night I confirmed a rate of $120 a night. Not to mention she was still not apologetic to the situation and we were not offered a discount for the small room and no sleep the first night stay I just wanted to get out of her presence. I had a cruise ship to board so I paid the extra $50 and left for a great cruise. The Inn is clean and I love it was 100% non smoking. Staff with the exception of one was fantastic and professional. Easy to drive to everything Market, needle, zoo, museums and the breakfast was enough to tie us over until lunch. I understand it was a very busy holiday weekend but come on it was ridiculous to try and put 4 people in a college dorm room space that a roller bed would not fit in then move us to a bit larger room still with one bed and a roller could barely fit it and then offer us no discount off that first night stay. Enthusiasm and attitude can change any situation. Good to bad, bad to good. Would we stay there again鈥︹€?maybe, if I spoke to a member of management and confirmed my BEDS and room and RATE first.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>random56
<Content>Great deal - nice  I stayed here one night recently as I had a meeting nearby and was so pleased. I was able to get only a traditional room with a shower but it was more than adequate for my purposes. The shower was roomy and the bathroom was so perfectly clean. Actually, the entire room did my obsessive little heart good because everything was clean and crisp. The bed was comfy, the sheets were crisp, and the pillows just right.The room I had was not air conditioned but the windows opened and it was lovely to sleep with the fresh air. There was some traffic noise as I fell asleep but it certainly did not disturb me.The snack in the afternoon is a nice surprise and the breakfast was quite fine - even the coffee was drinkable, often not the case with hotel breakfasts..I was really pleased to find a reasonably priced hotel that was so appealing and well kept. I will return and would consider staying here even if I need to be downtown.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>GreyGreg
<Content>Would go back Having travelled by Amtrak from Vancouver where we had been at a very up-market (and much more expensive) hotel a slight re-adjustment of expectations was necessary but that didn't take long. Although the train was late and it was after midnight but we received a bright welcome.Breakfast in the morning seemed initially like a rugby scrum but it works and somehow you do find a seat. It's very efficient with any shortages readily replaced, and you can make your own waffles.Everything was easy going and generous - free coffee, afternoon snack, internet etc. Staff on the desk were exceptionally helpful and efficient.We deliberately didn't have car for this part of our trip but location wasn't a problem. As well as the free shuttle we found the metro buses frequent, cheap, easy to use and the drivers extremely helpful.Although there are many cheap eating places around, with our student days long behind us we were initially disappointed with dinner options without travelling downtown but at Roosevelt and 50th there are two very acceptable restaurants, one Italian (wine half price on a Tuesday! - we were just lucky) and one Indian.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Eurotravel
<Content>You cannot go wrong! You can believe all of the reviews, this place really is great. It is what hospitality is all about. My daughter has just graduated from UW and this is the hotel we have stayed at from day one, and we kept coming back. From the pleasant and welcoming lobby, 24 hour offering of quality tea and coffee, outstanding free breakfast (make your own waffles, hard boiled eggs, cereals and oatmeal, etc.), afternoon snack, free shuttle service around town, convenience to UW campus, comfortable and clean rooms to free parking, you cannot beat it. My parents even drove up with their dog for the graduation and they accomodated them with one of their pet friendly rooms. I really have nothing negative to say about this place. They do a great job!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>art163
<Content>Truely a wonderful place... My husband and I are here at the University Inn right now. It's definitely the place to stay in Seattle. The room we are in has one queen bed and a nice sitting area, with a microwave and mini-fridge. The lobby stocks Tazo teas and the breakfast buffet is tasty! The parking is easy--right next to the hotel. The staff is very friendly and helpful.The location is fantastic--right in the heart of the University District, walking distance to UW campus, and all the surrounding bars and restaurants. It's also very close to I-5 and just a few minutes drive into the heart of downtown. We both HIGHLY recommend staying here. As one reviewer said, it really does feel like a little home away from home.Please feel free to contact me if you have any question about this hotel...  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MichiganCarollee
<Content>Would recommend this hotel We stayed at the University Inn on June 3 and 4. The directions from the airport were great, we had no problem finding the inn. Parking is a bit cramped but since we didn't use the car while we were there it didn't matter.The staff were friendly and very helpful. The room was clean and comfortable and very quiet which we appreciated.We went sightseeing and when we were finished, I called the Inn and they sent the shuttle to pick us up which was a great accomodation. I would stay there again when visiting Seattle, you couldn't ask for a nicer, cleaner, moderately priced hotel than the University Inn. Thanks to all the staff there.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chris mccall
<Content>First choice for a stay in Seattle This is a really pleasant hotel in the University District. Our room was comfortable, fresh, clean and quiet. The buffet breakfast was good and there were complimentary snacks available at other times. On checking in I was told to go and help myself to what was available. Staff are relaxed, helpful and friendly.There is a complimentary shuttle available to various locations. Metro buses run frequently and it is a quick and cheap trip to downtown.The U District has plenty to offer in the way of bars, restaurants etc. This was my first stay at the University Inn but I will always make it my first choice whenever I stay in Seattle. I filled in a comment card at the end of my stay and was pleasantly surprised to receive a letter of thanks for so doing. Highly recommended.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>meghaneire
<Content>Nice view I've just returned from staying here for 5 days on business.This hotel offered a nice continental breakfast each day. They had waffle irons to make homemade waffles and feel a little less like being away from home. The woman overseeing the breakfast was so sweet and friendly each morning. They also had a mid day snack daily and it also was quite a selection. The front lobby has a dish of candies and was sampled on many occasions. The room was enjoyable with a refigerator and microwave. It had a wonderful triangular window extending past the edge of the building allowing for a great view to look out upon the city.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alwaysbetraveling
<Content>Definitely stay here!       2 queen beds  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shirleyklibrarian
<Content>Loved the University Inn We had to go to Seattle WA for my sister's wedding. I knew that Seattle was very expensive and I was worried about booking a hotel for me , my husband and 3 teenagers. I looked through Fodors and found University Inn listed with a positive review. It offered free parking and a free shuttle to downtown Seattle. When I called University Inn, the staff was very courteous and reserved a room for my family with a rollaway bed. When we arrived, we were very impressed with the staff. The location was wonderful: right near the University of Washington's beautiful campus. We asked the staff for restaurant recommendations and they gave us a few names of nearby places. All within walking distance and we had a very nice dinner. Five fit very comfortably in the room. The room was very clean, the parking was accessible (right outside the hotel). The staff was very generous with free amenities such as toothpaste, which we forgot., etc. The next day, the continental breakfast was delicious and plentiful. There was free internet access in the lobby, and I had free coffee and afternoon snack. The outdoor pool looked clean and inviting. The next day, we wanted tosightsee downtown Seattle and called the lobby for the shuttle. The shuttle was prompt and like our own private van! It took us to downtown, and can take you to the Space Needle, and we made arrangements to be picked up from downtown at a certain time. When later, we wanted to go back to the hotel an hour earlier, we simply called the hotel and the shuttle driver was able to come by earlier than planned to pick us up.The University Inn had everything we needed and provided excellent service. We had driven cross country 2 times already and stayed in numerous hotels, and we all agreed that the University Inn offered us the nicest stay: generous and courteous staff, free parking, wonderful shuttle, very comfortable beds, a great free continental breakfast, all in a wonderful university campus setting.Shirley  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bailychao
<Content>University in exceeded my expectations : ) I was traveling by myself to visit a school in Seattle. I was kind of worried about how I was going to get around without a car, but University Inn has an awesome free shuttle. They dropped off at convenient locations and if they weren't busy they'd pick you up or take you somewhere that was not even on their set schedule. In addition they have a good complimentary breakfast (fresh waffles, bagels, cereal, juice) and afternoon snack which was nice since usually you expect complimentary breakfasts to be bare minimal. It is also a 5 minute walk to UW (conveniently on the side with all the restaurants and cafes). I was traveling by myself so I'm assuming I got a single room, it was a good cozy size and up to date looking with a large balcony, but it did not have a bath tub. It did have a dorm style shower and decent size bathroom, but I have no complaints because that was the least of my concerns. Also the staff is very friendly and will help you with just about anything. P.S. If you stay here you need to try Portage Cafe right next door. They buy things locally and use better ingredients like free range chicken. Reasonably priced too.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jane_Nelson
<Content>Absolutely fabulous! This hotel is absolutely fabulous! I was really impressed by everything the hotel had to offer, especially the anemities that I haven't been able to find in other hotels. Each morning, there's a fully stocked continental breakfast, and every afternoon there are treats for hotel guests (cookies, bars, etc.).I felt very safe at the hotel at all times (even when I was picked up at 4 am for an early flight), and the hotel staff and management were always helpful and very friendly.I was visiting the University of Washington, and the hotel was very close to both the school and a big restaurant district, making it very easy to find meals.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pebroruf
<Content>Water Pipes(?) woke us up at 4am every morning. Even though I was annoyed at being woken up every morning at 4am, I would try the University Inn again. The staff was helpful, the room was clean and the continental breakfast was sufficient. I loved the fact that they offered the free shuttle to and from downtown Seattle. The shuttle service drivers were also very pleasant and friendly.The staff suggested a really nice and affordable Thai restaurant 3 blocks down, and we liked it so much that we had dinner there two nights in a row.All in all, not a bad stay. Make sure you ask for any other room except 209.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>travelnutEncinitasCa
<Content>Wonderful visit and hotel We just returned from a Thanksgiving family visit to Seattle and can highly recommend the University Inn. The location is convenient to everything, and if you don't have a car, they have free shuttle service to downtown and the top attractions. Our room was spacious and appeared to have been recently redecorated. Our bed was the most comfortable we've ever had in a hotel and they even had a choice of feather or synthetic pilows for us. They not only have a full complimentary breakfast in the hotel every morning, but they offered to bring it to our room. So, with room service and the friendly staff on the front desk, this is a great choice for anyone visiting Seattle. Oh, free parking as well. We'll definitely be back!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UrbanPerro
<Content>Home away from home       Premier room at University Inn  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chiot
<Content>Wonderful Stay at the University Inn I was here on business for 3 nights. I had a smaller room, but as I was alone it was not a problem. The hotel is clean, well-run and the room is very well-equipped. The staff is fabulous. They went out of their way to assit me with directions etc.Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fridomac
<Content>Great Hotel - Recommended!       Deluxe Room  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>GaroVirginia
<Content>What's not to like? My wife and I stayed at the University Inn for several days in late August. As so many others have said, this is simply a great place to stay while in Seattle. We stayed in a premier room that had a very comfortable bed, sofa, mini-fridge, microwave and a view of Mt. Rainier. The staff are very accommodating, and provide great service. The shuttle is a real plus if you want to visit Seattle attractions and leave your car behind, and a fine breakfast awaits you at the Portage Bay Cafe next door. Overall, an excellent experience, and we will return.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>annamfl
<Content>We will be back! We loved this Inn, simple and clean. It is located just a few I5 exits away from DT Seattle. Easy access to major attractions. Our room was fresh and I really liked the extra vanity outside the bathroom. We have a 3 yo. This was the last leg of our week long road trip, so the complimentary use of a washer/dryer was a very pleasant surprise. We really like the quietness of this location. I just wish the ac/heating units in hotels (any hotel) can run a little quieter though. Nonetheless, we'd definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ILTravelerHillsboro
<Content>A little disappointed We booked the standard room, the least costly of the three choices. The room was fine, clean and quiet, but had a bit of wear. We arrived late and were up early the next morning, so the room was fine, but if staying longer and wanting a more modern room, spend the extra and ask to be in the newer wing. The AC worked well, but was a bit loud.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>eropagnis
<Content>This Inn is a gem! I stayed at the University Inn over the Labor Day weekend. The inn is a mere 20 mins drive from Sea-Tac airport, which is great because my husband and I only got into Seattle at midnight. The hotel, though not located exactly downtown, is a stone's throw away from most of the city's attractions eg. Pike Place Market, Space Needle. The public bus is convenient, if not, the free shuttle service offered by the inn is also a great way to travel. The inn is clean and pretty roomy. Beds are comfy and clean and the free wireless internet is certainly useful! Breakfast is wonderful, the only complaint I have is that there are hardly enough tables to go around in the breakfast area. However, they do offer trays so you can always take your breakfast up to the room. Other than that, the hot waffles are a wonderful way to start the day. This inn is definitely worth checking out if you're coming to Seattle, don't waste money on expensive chain hotels!!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>9876543063
<Content>Great place - Don't waste your money at a pricier hotel Fantastic buy in a great area. This hotel was nicer than many of the 4 star hotels we have stayed at. Spotlessly clean, knowledgeable and friendly staff, terrific breakfast, FREE laundry facilities and parking. What more could you ask for? We didn't use the free shuttle to area attractions, but it is available. Don't waste your money at other hotels. This one is a great buy and we will definitely stay again if we return to Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shyloboy
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Staff ! Great Hotel - We stayed in the new wing. It was clean and quiet. Everything worked and the beds were comfy.  - Parking was easyThe staff were very helpful and courteous. You never had to stand and wait for service.The morning breakfast and afternoon snacks were great!The pool was fine: a little shaded, but it had a nice deep endWhat more can I say. My wife and 2 young kids loved it. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SunriseTaiwan
<Content>U. Inn is Very Convenient I traveled to Seattle in July and stayed in University Inn for 7 nights. Liked it a lot. The first two nights, noises from next door's shower in the early morning bothered me, so I requested to change room. The front desk staff was very helpful and gave me another room on the 4th floor. That completely solved the problem!I love the free shuttle-bus service the most. Since I was traveling alone and didn't want to rent a car, the shuttle bus took me basically to all local attractions, including Space Needle, downtown Seattle and the zoo. Sometimes the driver would chat with guests and provided good information. It runs every hour and really a great way to see the city.The complimentary breakfast, though, can use some improvement. There's no hot foods, unless you make your own waffle (very easy) or heat the bread in a microwave. But all in all my experiences in the hotel was very positive.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lmrboise
<Content>Top-notch service The rooms are clean, bright and airy. Very modern look. The front desk staff are extremely helpful and friendly. I had a ton of questions about the area, getting around, restaurants, hotel services, etc. and they answered them all with a smile. I really like the to-go breakfast -- I had to be out early each morning for a seminar and I could order snacks and fruits the night before and they were waiting for me in a bag as I ran by the desk on my way to the shuttle. There is a washer and dryer for guest use and I used the fitness room next door at the Watertown which was small but had the essentials. I recommend this place highly!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>bodobr
<Content>Great Value, Close to the university This hotel was a comfortable stay and very close to the UW, which was the purpose of our visit. Pool was small but typical size for a small hotel. Room was very comfortable and clean. Nice partial view of Mount Rainier. Had a premier room. Skip the complimentary premier room meal for breakfast. The omlett was small and rubbery. Go with the free continental breakfast in the lobby or the restaurant next door. The front staff were not very friendly. A nice smile and a pleasant greeting goes a long way. It is such a small thing but can change the customers whole view of the place.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ColoradoCleanfreak
<Content>Great Hotel       Triangular Window  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gentilhomme
<Content>Would Love to Go Back! When we planned a trip to Seattle, the University Inn was recommended by several friends, so I read the good reviews here and booked it. My email correspondence was handled quickly and in a friendly manner, so I had a good feeling before I even arrived.Our flights were late, so we were probably not in the best mood when we arrived near 11 p.m., but the desk staff was very nice. Unfortunately, they did not hold a king-size room for us----they had told me previously that they would try, but couldn't guarantee it---but when we arrived in our room and opened the window, we were looking right out at the Space Needle, so that was some consolation...then in the morning, we could also see Mt. Rainier--a pretty great Seattle view!Our room was large and clean with a window that opens. The next day, they moved us to an equally attractive room (just down 2 floors) with a king bed. Internet access was easy, room service was great, used the car service---it was all first-rate.Note that we were in the newer section and it was wonderful. My niece from Seattle came looking for us one day and instead of coming to the second floor in the newer/updated section, she turned the wrong way and went into the older section and said it was a mess. When she got to the right area, she said WOW, what a difference....so I guess if you can't be guaranteed a room in the newer/nicer area, maybe you shouldn't book until after the renovations are done this fall?We LOVED this hotel and highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Girlypanda
<Content>Wondeful stay in Seattle We stayed for 3 nights at the University Inn on a business trip. We were quickly checked in on arrival to our Premier room. The room was spacious with a sofa bed, microwave, fridge, coffee maker and TV. The room was quite clean on arrival and after daily maid service. Our room was very quiet (at the end of the hall) and we never heard a peep from our neighbors. The breakfast downstairs was really nice, with fruit, yogurt, pastries, bagels, cereal, oatmeal, waffles, etc. With the premier room, there is the option of having breakfast delivered to the room. We did this one day and found the breakfast to be hot, just slightly later than expected delivery time. We appreciated the coffee and hot chocolate available in the lobby 24/7 as well as the computer with internet access and printer. Internet access in our room worked well. Parking was free and seemed secure. We did not get to use the jacuzzi, but it looked really nice.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>cactusdave
<Content>Make Sure You Stay in the New Wing The hotel lobby and surrounding neighborhood are very nice. When we checked in, the staff was quite accomodating to letting us check in early as they had a room available at 1:00. When we checked in, it looked like a Motel 6 from the 1970's. It had horrendous palm leaf bed cover, hard old carpeting, a full bed that they called a queen, ugly pedestal sink in the old bathroom. This looked nothing like the pictures. For $120 bucks a night, I expected basic luxuries, not a dive.The staff said this was the only room available. I saw on the key that they were affiliated with the Watertown, which was only a block north. Upon speaking with the front desk clerk, he asked which room we had and said that he understood as the old wing had not been updated in a while. There efforts were adding the new wing. For $50 bucks more a night, the Watertown was AWESOME and worth it. Fortunately, the University Inn let us cancel our reservation and stay there.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>Well_Traveled_12
<Content>Not what we expected... When we arrived at the inn and we were checked in immediately. The lobby was very basic and clean. There was free coffee, tea, and hot chocolate and a few places open for sitting. We packed up our own luggage cart and rolled it on to the elevator which had a sign on the front stating that maintenance was being done, so doors will close immediately once opened. Basically, act fast or you're liable to lose a limb. They were right! We nearly got chopped.Upon entering our hotel room, we noticed that the decor hadn't been updated since 1968. The towels in the bathroom had stains and the pillows on the bed were lumpy (literally). Suffice it to say, we packed ourselves right back up and checked out after we noticed our view of the dumpsters out back.If you are looking for an inexpensive place to stay, this is it. If you're able to spend $50 more a night, stay at the Watertown up the street. It's 10 times better and worth the price!!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>Heiko_Kretzschmar
<Content>Perfect On my trip to Canada and to the U.S. in September 2006, I got to know couple of hotels. The University Inn in Seattle was by far the best hotel I stayed in.Prior to my trip, I did some research and found that the affordable downtown hotels in Seattle were either rundown, not in a good neighborhood, or not truly centrally located. Anyway, for tourists there is no point of staying downtown, as Seattle is large and very neighborhood-oriented. So, one has to explore the city by car or public transport. In two tourist books (Lonely Planet, Frommer鈥檚), the University Inn was strongly recommended as a good alternative to downtown hotels.The hotel is located in the University District, the U District for short, a few miles NE of the center. The neighborhood is somewhat 鈥渟tudenty,鈥?with the typical kind of shops, ethnic restaurants, and bars. It is a ten-minute walk from the hotel to the bus stop and busses depart for downtown every ten to twenty minutes. The fare was only $1.50, so I did not use the complimentary hotel shuttle.I paid $100 + tax for a room with single occupancy, which is a good price, considering the quality. The rooms are tastefully decorated in modern style, which is quite uncommon for hotels in this price range, and immaculately clean. They even provided cleaning tissues for the phone and the TV remote control. The room had a coffee maker, a safety deposit box and a small balcony. There was no problem with noise.The staff, mostly students I believe, took their job seriously. The room cleaning was fast. The continental breakfast was good, but the sitting area was a bit small. There was a computer free to use in the lobby. The parking lot with camera surveillance was at the back of the hotel.Altogether, this hotel was a very nice experience and I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CasualView
<Content>Perfect I read past reviews on this hotel before booking two rooms for a 3-night stay in late February. We were not disappointed. The hotel is well located enabling us to walk to student hangouts on Brooklyn Ave for dining etc. The parking is off-street and free. The breakfast is pretty good and very well serviced. The room was very clean and obviously recently updated. The hotel operates a free shuttle to downtown and the city center is small enough to walk from the Space Needle to the Pike Place Market to Chinatown. Although the shuttle does not pick up from the International District we found the taxi was only $15 back to the hotel. Altogether a very nice Seattle stay thanks to the University Inn.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>K-400
<Content>A great value Clean and modern style. The reception staff were very friendly and gave us a complimentary upgrade from a traditional to a deluxe room at check-in. The hot tub was the perfect temperature and we had it to ourselves. Wireless access was great and parking was free. Not fancy but a comfortable and friendly place to stay within walking distance of UW.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AHS06
<Content>Great deal in Seattle This hotel was excellent.. The lobby was bright, neat, well styled. They had afternoon tea with assorted cheeses. The staff was nice well informed and affable.My room was xlean niceley kept, with a heated bathroom floor.They have overnight off street parking and the neighborhood is funky college chic.I would definately recommend this place all travelers. The main highway is 5 minutres away to downtown and the Uof W is a stonesthrow away.Furthermore they are a pet friendly hotel, so you can travel with your pooch  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Patcee
<Content>Definitely the best value in the area! I've stayed both here and at their sister hotel, Watertown, just a block away, within the last few months. While the general impresssion of the Watertown is a little more upscale in atmosphere with a few nicer amenities, the University Inn is quite comparable and for the $30 or $40 difference in price per night, I feel that the University Inn offers a better value. Both hotels have comfy beds with lots of pillows and a high quality (possibly down) comforter, though I felt the quality of the sheets were a little below par. The towels are much larger and thicker at the Watertown. The University's bath towels are just too small and thin. Both had nice long counters in the the bathrooms, but tubs were just ordinary in both. Microwaves, refrigerators, in room coffee, wireless internet, breakfast and parking included in room rate for both. My experience was that the wireless service was much better at the Watertown, but that may have something to do with the room location. When we couldn't connect to the wireless at the University Inn, the front desk provided us with a wireless bridge to connect to our computer, and that did the trick. Service was flawless after that.The staff at both hotels were very helpful and accommodating as stated by many others. There is one van which offers shuttle service for both hotels at the same time. That is, they pick up and drop off on the same route. I didn't use the shuttle service when I stayed here, but did use it at the Watertown and the drivers were extremely punctual and very helpful. By making a reservation ahead of time, we didn't have any trouble getting rides when we needed them. In fact, when we moved my daughter's two 75 lb. suitcases from the hotel to her dorm room, the shuttle driver handled the door-to-door transportation with a grin and no complaints! And if you're driving yourself, downtown is a very easy 10 to 15-minute drive from both hotels. You don't even have to get on the freeway, unless you prefer freeway driving to surface streets.Because my daughter just enrolled at the University of Washington this fall, I plan to be staying in the area off and on over the next few years, so I wanted to check out other hotels in the area. I walked approximately 5 blocks over to the Hotel Deca (recently renamed from the University Towel Hotel) and was able to take a quick look at two of the rooms there. I believe the hotel was recently updated and/or remodeled and the decor was lovely, in a warm, old-fashioned sort of way. The two rooms we saw were corner rooms, so you know they were probably bigger than most and considering that, they seemed rather small. Bathrooms were tiny, with not much in the way of counter space. You could tell that the hotel building itself was older and had that historic, well built quality to it. Both rooms we saw were on higher floors and both had terrific views looking out toward Mt. Rainier. As I mentioned, though, they were corner rooms. The bellperson did say that almost all the rooms had nice views because of the octagon-shape of the hotel. I'm not so sure about that, though. The rates quoted for these rooms were over $200 a night, which to me, seemed overpriced for the area.So to reiterate what I said before, I don't think you can beat the value offered by the University Inn and I will be staying either there or at the Watertown again on my next visit to Seattle!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>GolfingTraveler
<Content>Wonderful hote Wonderful hotel; helpful front desk; used shuttle; great afternoon snack and great breakfast  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>K-S-4
<Content>Clean and comfortable We just got back from a one-night stay at the University Inn. We booked 3 Premium category rooms, all with 2 queen beds, fridge and microwave. The hotel was very modern and clean and the decor looked fairly new - like it had been recently renovated. The beds were extremely comfortable - each bed had 4 very comfy pillows and comfy mattresses. The rooms have floor to ceiling windows that open sideways and only open a few inches. You can safely sleep with your window open and feel a slight breeze - a sleep inducer after a long day. The rooms were very sound proof. We did not hear any noise in the hallways or from neighbouring rooms. The continental breakfast had a good selection, including waffles you make yourself using pre-made batter and a waffle iron, fresh fruit, cereals, bagels, bread and toppings. Overall I was very happy with our choice of hotel and would definately stay here again if the opportunity comes again to visit Seattle.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Marylander2
<Content>Friendly staff, excellent service You won't find a friendlier inn than this one! All of the staff from the front desk to the woman tending the morning breakfast bar, are friendly and eager to make your stay enjoyable. The free breakfast is real treat -- fresh fruits, juice, waffles, hard cooked eggs, bagels and breads with a huge selection of spreads, and, of course, good Seattle coffee. What really amazed us, was that the inn also provides a late afternoon snack -- teas, coffee, lemonade, cheese cubes and a large variety of crackers, and sliced fruits. And, free coffee is available literally 24 hours/day in the lobby. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and will definitely stay here the next time we're in Seattle. You're located in the University District, not downtown Seattle, but shuttle service is provided to a variety of locations.a contented traveler from Maryland  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>FrequentFlyer
<Content>Worried for nothing When I got home I discovered I had received mail from the University Inn I thought it was just a follow up receipt but I was pleasantly surprised(ok, shocked) that it was a letter from the General Manager thanking me for completing their comment card. I just quickly filled it out and remember leaving it in the room and honestly forgot about it. I pointed out a minor problem in our room on the comment card and I was informed in the letter they had immediately fixed the problem. Other hotels should take notice!!This is my experience-When we arrived we were greeted by friendly staff. No attitude what so ever. I witnessed an anxious/grumpy customer waiting for a cab but the staff remained cool under pressure. I had planned to stay for 3 days but the hotel was booked for a conference. The room was not ready upon arrival so the hotel informed us we could store our bags and we ate lunch at the adjacent restaurant featuring organic food.By the time we finished lunch our room was ready. A big plus for me is that it's a nonsmoking hotel. Our room was on the third floor next to the small elevator/lift. Very quiet didn't hear any motor. Our room was very clean and had a balcony overlooking the parking lot. The bathroom was clean and modern. No mold no mildew or funny smells. Comfortable bed. I would definitely stay in the same room.The hotel has recently been redecorated and the lobby is very nice.They were installing new carpeting and printed notices for us. We had a minor inconvenience of opening the door to our room for a few minutes when the carpet was being installed on our floor but there was a staff member accompanying the workers the entire time. Even the cleaning staff was friendly and greeted me. One staff member was even concerned that we were leaving early due to the carpet installation we assured them it was only due to no room availibility. We missed the afternoon snacks so we ended up going to the Trader Joe's market 5-10 minutes away by foot located just up the street which is a nice alternative if you can't get to a restaurant. Next morning, I enjoyed the breakfast and made my own waffles. They have breads, boiled eggs, cereal, fruit, milk and juice. It can get a little busy, I took my food up to the room. Coffee and tea is available in the lobby all day even though there are coffee makers in the rooms.Another pleasant surprise for me is a laundry room on the property. It's down the hall from the lobby. There was even detergent for me to use. I was happy to spend the 2.00 for the washer and dryer. There's an ice machine in there too.The next day we checked out and they stored our luggage for us and we caught the shuttle to go down town and you do have to book early although we didn't, we were able to catch the 11:00 am shuttle and it picked us up promptly from our drop off point to shuttle us back to the hotel. As it was stated in the follow up letter the hotel really strives to provide a Home away from Home. I look forward to staying there again.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SNAFU23
<Content>Very Nice Hotel My family stayed at the University Inn for 2 nights in September, 2006.We found the hotel to be very nice, clean, and well maintained. Some of the areas do resemble a bit of a dorm environment, but the rooms are very nice. The bed was very comfortable, the staff was excellent, and they offer a free shuttle to the tourist areas.The room also had a recycle bin, which is the first time we ever seen this in a hotel room, and thought it was very nice, and considerate. The rooms also have safes, which is always welcomed.The pool and jacuzzi are on the small side, but adequate.My only complaint, and it's a small one, is that we upgrading to the premium room and was told we get a hot breakfast each morning including eggs, etc. That is true, but only if you order it in-room. If you go to the lobby, you only get a traditional continental breakfast bar, and waffle maker, not bad, but no eggs and sausage.Overall the hotel was very nice, and I would recommend this hotel to my friends and family.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>northbynorthwest
<Content>Great Room  Typing this review using the complimentary wireless access in my very spacious, clean and comfortable room at the University Inn. Booking the room the day before yesterday was a bit of a weird experience, in that both Orbitz, and a direct call to the hotel indicated no vacancy. However, I gave Expedia a try, it processed my request for a standard, non-smoking room and I got a confirmation. At check-in this evening, I was advised that I had been given an upgrade to a premium room, which was a welcome surprise. The room is very nice in blond woods and tasteful fabrics, wallpaper and artwork. It has a queen size bed with pillow top mattress, full size sofa with coffee table, two seat dining table and chairs, desk and chair, a 27 or so inch TV, microwave, small fridge, and coffee maker. The bathroom is spacious, with granite or pseudo-granite counters, and with an second sink outside the bathroom proper.The premier room apparently comes with a complimentary room service breakfast, with several hot and cold choices (ordered the night before). As an alternate they also provide to-go breakfasts that can be delivered or picked up at the desk.All in all a very nice choice, in my view, and deserving of the good ratings preceding this one.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cyclinggirl
<Content>Above our expectations We were in the middle of a cycling trip from Vancouver to the Olympic Mountains and we planned a 2 day stay in Seattle.This hotel was above our expectations in terms of quality of room furnishings, ambiance and value for room price.There were always enough staff at reception to handle things fast, a bounitfull breakfast and late pm snacks for free plus a shuttle to downtown for shopping- key for travellers who are not driving.Elevators were a bit small , but that was the only thing I could find fault with.The hotel is about 5 minutes from the Burke Gilman trail and Lake Washington and next to the univerisity campus. The hotel gives out free maps of restaurants in the area, has a computer in the lobby for guests to use and even a small outdoor pool.We would recommend this hotel for its cleanliness, great staff and quality of room furnishings as well as location. Well above our expectations for a city hotel at a good price.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Bobby1802
<Content>Very good standard, but nothing special We stayed there end of July. Comparing my stay to the posted reviews I find the hotel a bit overrated. Of course compared to regular motel standard it is clearly above average, but I wouldn麓t call it brilliant. The rooms are very clean and spacious (we had a premium room). The breakfast very good, especially the waffles. The location too remote for down town Seattle activities, you need a car to be flexible, the free shuttles only runs until 10 a.m. in the morning and you have to pre-register. The Inn is located within the University district in a busy street, but it is calm in the evening. There are several good restaurants in walking distance in the University district. The staff was not too friendly. I passed the counter several times and didn麓t get a smile or something- but maybe I met the wrong people. If you want an accomodation with some individual touch which is beyond regular motel standard (Days Inn, Best Western, Comfort Inn etc), this is an alternative.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Oriental182
<Content>Excellent Accomodations Me and my girlfriend stayed at the University Inn (in a deluxe room) from July 28-30. We had never been to Seattle and had heard such great things about this hotel in the U-District. Since we had to stay close to the Children's and UW Hospital, the University Inn had an ideal location. First off, it is really easy to find from the Airport (just had to take the UW exit and go down one or two streets (look out for the one-way signs!). The parking lot is big enough, and parking was free. The lobby and breakfast area is spotless and very modern looking; in fact, everything had a very modern and newish feel to it. The front desk staff was very helpful and accomodating; I was able to reserve a shuttle to downtown when checking in. Our room was on the third floor and since it was a deluxe room, there was a small microwave and refrigerator. The bathroom was a little small, but there was an extra sink outside the bathroom. The king bed was comfortable. TV was pretty large with free showtime. Everything was immaculate in the room and they even provide herbal essence shampoo, conditioner, lotion, and soap! The free breakfast was excellent as we made waffles both mornings. The 2nd morning, we had them deliver muffins, bagels, and fruit to our door by 6am (we had an early start). Free coffee, tea, and hot cocoa was available 24 hours. The free shuttle service was excellent; since there was a huge parade on the 29th, traffic was a bit heavy heading into downtown. However, the shuttle was prompt in picking us up, taking us to the Seattle Center, and finally picking us up at Pacific Place (nice mall in downtown). I highly recommend staying in the University District because of its college-town setting and wide variety of places to eat. There is even a Trader Joe's just up the street from the University Inn. I look forward to staying at the University Inn again in the future (will probably never stay downtown because of my great experience!)  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dogbone1002000
<Content>Wonderful Stay This was an excellent hotel, especially for the price. We stayed here for 3 days in the summer, so the cost was extremely reasonable. The contenetal breakfast was very generous (bread baskets, fruit, omelette station, waffle station, pastries, coffee, juice, etc.)and the snacks in the afternoon was an added touch. Our family opted to stay in the newer wing of the hotel, and I would highly recommend it. Our room had a bathroom and a vanity outside it with a sink, which was very handy for when both my wife and daughter needed a mirror. Our room also had a lovely view of the city, and we all found the beds very comfortable. The pool was clean, but cold, it probably should have been heated, because you can't expect the Seattle weather to warm it up. All and all this was a fantastic hotel, with the most bang for your buck you can get in Seattle. We would surely stay again if we returned to Seattle.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Staff! Very good room! As A sixty year old I was hesitant about staying close to the university, but I found the staff at the inn to be extremely accomodating and the area easy to get around. The free shuttle was excellent for getting around to see the sights. The room was as I would expect, everything we needed was there and clean. We had some trouble with the wifi connection, but the staff supplied us with a bridge that took care of the problem. The location is excellent for seeing Seattle and access to Belvue and Redmond was easy as we had appointments there also. We spent seven days at the inn and it was quiet for our entire stay. It is now my first choice for a Seattle visit. It was certainly better than staying at the high priced downtown hotels with no parking and maddening traffic. The complimentary breakfast was adequate and could be ordered to be delivered to your room if desired.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty standard hotel with Very soft beds The pluses: Generous continental breakfast, clean and tidy premises, free internet access, friendly staff, great location. The minues: VERY soft beds, drafty rooms, loud heating system (even on low fan), hot water for a morning shower is not a given, plumbing loud enough to wake you up in the morning.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SJDIllinois
<Content>A Great place for someone relocating! I was lucky enough to stumble across the University Inn while in transit status with a relocation. So, I was there for more than 30 days  have told many, many people that I highly recommend the University Inn! It is very clean - spacious (you do not feel like you're in a hotel room for 1 month), the staff is absolutely wonderful. I recommend the Premier rooms -- overall I am a very satisfied customer!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GSJ
<Content>Loved my stay there! I stayed at the Univ. Inn for 10 days in April 2005 and thoroughly enjoyed it. Free parking, clean and spacious room, friendly staff, great breakfast and snack. I loved the location. I will definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected We stayed Sept. 3, 2005. My wife and were very satisfied with the room and location. The front staff were very nice and helpful. Good food within walking distance and a very nice breakfast and snack time at the Inn. We will definitely stay during our next visit to Seattle.JMFriendswood, TX  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>buzylady
<Content>We will return! Our family, including two children, stayed at the University Inn two nights this week, and very much enjoyed the well-appointed room, which included a small kitchenette. We had a regular room - not deluxe - and though a bit smaller than we're used to, quite clean and comfortable. The balcony was a great touch. Another highlight was the free parking, (we had two vehicles), and shuttle service to and from Seattle attractions. This hotel is away from the high-noise, hustle-bustle of Seattle, yet close enough to walk to fabulous dining!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HKlimes
<Content>Great We just returned from staying here. The hotel is a great value -- clean and comfortable. The rooms are not large, but they're fine (we were in the old section). There is a terminal with free wireless internet access in the lobby. Like another reviewer, we just could not pick up the signal from a laptop in our room. The morning breakfast is great and the afternoon snacks were a nice bonus. I enjoyed the location and found the front desk staff young, but friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Family-with-four
<Content>Very impressed   showReview(3706555, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value   showReview(3589895, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tmarti2001
<Content>Great hotel!   showReview(3503793, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>anonymousWAState
<Content>Great place   showReview(3398664, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>donistheone
<Content>good price...the rest is a mix   showReview(3318201, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Jolysa
<Content>A Hidden Gem   showReview(2612152, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing find!   showReview(2339654, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a surprise!   showReview(2267873, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expereince Seattle from a different perspective   showReview(1260469, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beasparents
<Content>University District Gem!!   showReview(862033, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11352718, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

