<Author>karissa6802
<Content>Great little hotel This was a great little hotel, it far exceeded our expectations. We knew that our room would be small, but the use of space was very well done, we didn't feel cramped at all. Our room had one king size bed, a small closet, a desk, and a small table that had a tea kettle on it. There was also one of those folding camp chairs in the room ( a bit odd, but I guess just one way to save space). The bed was hard, but I've heard that they are like that just about everywhere in China. They had one hard pillow and one soft pillow. The bathroom had a western style toilet and a small shower (the shower did leak water but we just used the towels to sop it up and they replaced them every day, it really wasn't a hassle). They kept the room and the entire hotel exceptionally clean. The toilets in the downstairs lobby area were the squatter kind, so I would believe that some rooms do have those kind too. We weren't asked what kind of toilet we would prefer, I assume that since we are American they just gave a room with a western toilet. The front desk staff was very helpful with any questions that we had for them. There was always at least one person working whose english was great. They were always willing to help us with anything be it calling a taxi or suggesting a restaurant or even helping us mail things.  The breakfast buffet at the hotel restaurant was great, we tried to eat there every morning when we could. It cost 10 yuan a person and there was plenty to eat. The coffee was scary to look at but it tasted like those instant flavored coffees that were popular a while back, and sometimes the milk was hot, but overall it was very good and filling. They had vegetables, rice, eggs, breads, rolls, toast, cake, and more that I can't remember, but I would definitely recommend eating there. We only had dinner there once and it was good not great, but for the price it couldn't be beat. We found the proximity to the subway to be just perfect, it was only a 3-5 minute walk. The bus stop was even closer than that. I would recommend stopping in the airport at the hotel information areas and having them write the hotel name in Chinese characters, our cab driver still had to call someone to get directions exactly but at least he could read where we wanted to go.  Overall, we had a great experience with this hotel and would stay here again and we would absolutely recommend this hotel to other travellers.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>ScotlandStirling
<Content>Reasonable hotel Beijing Zhongan Hotel October 2008 I stayed in this hotel a couple of months ago, it is within a 10min walk of the Beijing Railway station, which makes it ideal for most travellers. The room I stayed in although overlooking the railway track was clean and tidy. It was part of a suite for a family.  The bathroom though could have looked better, it did look rather grim and not looked after very well., the staff spoke english, and were fine. The hotel also served a western breakfast which was ok.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	1	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>PDX-PDX-PDX-PDX
<Content>good hotel for the price       view from my room -- back of the front part of the hotel  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Bhaskarbvr
<Content>Comfortable We are traveling with two children and woried about geting a family room. Stayed 4 days ( 06 to 10 Oct 2008) in room no. 1101 as suggested by other traveler. The room had two bed rooms and charged 468 CNY.The hotel is clean confortable. Front desk speak english and helpfull. On request restaurent served us vegitarian food in dinner. Location was slightly interior but very close to bus station and railway station. Unlike the earlier previews we found buses not so crowded. Took 10 no. bus to Tianam min Sq. and 122 to Temple of Heaven. Subway was closer and could travel arround the city with children with out any difficulty.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Danimalist
<Content>Good Bargain I'm actually writing this on the computer in the hotel room. I am giving this an above average rating because for the $28 per night I got this for on Travelocity, you could not expect better. However, I am not completely thrilled with my choice and am going to move to a slightly more expensive hotel after my reservations expire. I should note that I am staying in the least expensive single room. The Good: Friendly staff, good maid service, computer with internet in room, more than 60 channels on flat screen TV (all Mandarin but hopefully you didn't come here to watch TV), wooden floor so no nasty carpet, good air conditioning, clean bed and sheets, relatively new toilet, and convenient location (near Beijing Train Station subway stop)The Bad: Bathroom is moldy, size of room (and doubles don't look much bigger), bed is hard as a rock (common in China), and it's a bit noisy.Expansion on the above: I sleep with earplugs on the rock hard bed and I have slept very well. The location is a blessing and a curse. Yes, it's near the train station and subway and it's down a hutong. But the Hutong is really nasty; you cannot get to the hotel without walking past a foul smelling public bathroom. The kids in the hutong are super cute, but this isn't the quaint hutong that some of the nicer traditional hotels are in. However, despite what your first impression might be, it's quite safe.So, in short, I'd say this is a great hotel for backpackers and budget-seekers. If I were here just to see the sites in Beijing for a few days, I'd think this was just fine. But for a longer stay, for someone who needs to do some business, this probably isn't appropriate.Finally, I should mention that I had avoided the hotel restaurant until today (thinking it might be a bit touristy). Today, I decided to give it a try. I've lived in both Taiwan and mainland China and thought the food was EXCELLENT. Definitely give it a try!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>helen ramshaw
<Content>Family friendly run hotel We are a family of 5 whio have just returned from the Olympic Games in Beijing and stayed 8 nights in this great little hotel. After leaving Thailand in a 5/6 star hotel; we were rather worried as to what we would find in Beijing but were very happy with this great little place. As we have 3 kids we have to book 2 rooms in hotels but with the olympics in town this was unaffordable, this hotel however offered us a 2 room appartment which turned out to be ideal. We had heard all the stories of smog and no english spoken and surly taxi drivers but we saw blue skies for most of the trip, road signs and subways in English and taxi drivers as helpful as they could be. The staff were also great at the hotel and keen to pracise their English, best thing was the restaurant serving fabulous chinese food at a fraction of we pay back home. The breakfast was pretty basic with watermelon and toast being the main ingredients unless you can face noodles and what goes with them, no cereals,yoghurts etc and coffee served in a glass.....hey this is China. Being the olympics the hotel had a real cross section of visitors alll dressed in their national colours and we were so pleased we had not chosen some souless large hotel we loved all the characters on display and the camaraderie amongst us all, everyone swopping tips and stories with each other about how to get around what to see etc.The hotel is in a great location amonst the original hutong buildings which are rapidly disappearing as Being is sanitized. You got the option to walk through the hutong area whch we did most days and see how the chinese really live.....very basically!! but we were greeted with smiles and hellos from the children and as long as you made the first move to snile at the people they were very responsive and many times were rewarded with a Welcome to China.The only bad thing to say about the hotel was the hardness of the beds and the sand filled pillows.....but after an exhausting day you could sleep on anything.This is a great place to stay in Beijing very central for everything with great staff all eager to please.........thanks we had a great time.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	5	

<Author>ritchey
<Content>Zhong An a Great wee hotel This little hotel was perfect for my travels within Beijing. I was bit concerned about tracking it down upon arriving at Beijing train station, however do not have any worries.I shall explain how to get there; from busy entrance to train station, proceed walking short distance in Easterly direction along Beijingzhan East street (Beijingzhan Dongjie), past bus stop to shortly reach Dayangmao Hutong road (red road sign).  Just turn Southerly down this side street and stroll down to police station at end. Turning right, Zhongan appears in your face. Can't miss the distinct green/yellow exterior !  Follow these simple instructions from main train station entrance.I have also determined their website, www.zainn.com, then select Beijing Zhongan option from list, of their accommodations. There is wee map to be found here, however I feel my instructions may be clearer.The hotel is near Metro subway Beijingzhan railway station and really is not far from main Wanfujing shopping street, Tiananmen square and Forbidden city to name but a few major attractions. Chongwenmen Metro station is also nearby. I believe the new line running from Capital (PEK) airport, will be operative prior to staging of Olympics.Meanwhile, hotel was Best Value on my Peoples Republic of China adventures. Their Chinese breakfast was extremely cheap and in general, I encountered no reasons to complain whatsoever.My room reminded me of 'student like' living quarters and sounds from the trains at the station, just outside didn't manage to annoy me too much.I would definately return to this wee hotel. It really is  Zhong an (central) and super value   
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Katjaa
<Content>What a great gem       Inner Court with access to restaurant and the shop  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nicco_75
<Content>Qute difficult to find but not so bas       Our window  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	2	3	4	

<Author>FeedBacker_69
<Content>Recommendation for Zhong An Hotel - Great Value Hotel 1. Travelocity had the best price for this hotel. It was more expensive on Orbitz  similar sites.2. Great for the value - the rooms are compact but not tiny. Space is well organized. They are clean, the bed is slightly hard but comfortable. The rooms are equipped with computers that have internet access - a huge plus.3. Hotel staff is helpful and friendly  every willing to help. 4. Location - A little hard to find but you can get here for RMB 16 (16Yuans) from the airport by bus. I would recommend printing the address in Chinese. The bus from the Beijing airport drops you off at the Beijing Train Station and the hotel is a short walk from there. Really easy to get around Beijing from here using either the local bus (tickets are 1 yuan) or by the Beijing subway (tickets are 2 Yuans.) Taxis are also very cheap.5. Things to look out for -- tours made at the hotel are subjective. I did not have a good experience booking a tour through the travel desk at the hotel. They use a company called Beijing Youth Travel Service. Our guide hardly spoke any English and it was a mixed group of Chinese  English tourists - she primarily interacted with the CHinese tourist which is fine expect I thought I was on an English tour.6. I would highly recomment The QinChunJiaRi International Travel Service. I found them while walking around Tiananmen Sq. Our guide Leena was great, witty, articulate - in short she knew her stuff. If you have time I would recommend booking tours last minute through this company while you are strolling around Tiananmen Sq. on your first day in Beijing.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>LsBob
<Content>Not bad for the price We were lucky in that we had a competant taxi driver who phoned the hotel for directions when he was near the railway station. Bit of a worry when you start to go down small laneways. Reception - appears only 1 person was fluent in English and he was effecient, problem when he is not on. There was a change with the bookings so the other family we were travelling with and us shared an apartment type room, 2 bedrooms, sitting area and bathroom. Rooms were clean, no faults at all and the bathroom has a bath. It overlooked the railway line but the trains could not be heard and was good value for the price.Food cheap breakfast but limited unless you like pickled vegetables, coffee and tea was very weak. Dinner, was cheap but Beijing style of cooking is oily and even the Chinese members in our group did not like it. English is not spoken in the restaurant nor does anyone look happy. But food is also available across the main road, say 5 minutes away.Tour desk service was ok.I liked the surrounding hutongs and felt safe walking down them at night. It is well located to 2 underground lines and the main railway station.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>AtlantaMamasgirl
<Content>once you find it...it's ok mom booked with airfare, hotel must pay alot for website.Very hard to find as no cab drivers speak English. The drivers have a difficult time with traffic around the train station.  Smoking still allowed in lobby and restaurant areas, so if that is an issue, be prepared. The public toilet in the room area lobby can be really smelly, but the rooms are clean. This is a NO Frill place to crash, and for only 5 nights it was ok.  Once you find it, the secret to getting to back is using Beijingzhan jon as the cabbies all know where the train station is.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	2	3	2	3	3	

<Author>UlrikaRu
<Content>Not that great I don't really get how this hotel has gotten so good reviews.Location: Not that good to be honest. It's better to live closer a subway. Rooms: Sure, clean, but nothing mote. Nothing but chinese channls. Staff: Can't speak englishBreakfast: horribleOverall: It's a hostel. I think it will suit you if you're a really cheap backpacker.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	5	2	3	1	

<Author>whomever
<Content>mixed review i stayed here for 2 weeks after booking it on expedia, based on its price and location. it's located by beijing railway station, which is near a subway stop and very convenient to get to the major atractions in beijing. it's located in a hutong, which may look undesirable or depressed to some people but i liked it- it gives you a more realistic picture of how many working people in beijing live. the staff were pleasant most of the time and enough knew english to be able to communicate with me. the single room was very small, no heat, and it had no minibar or frig available. it did have a free computer to use in the room, convenient to get a source of news and weather. the tv had one english language station with official state news on it. breakfast buffet was 67 cents, a great bargain!!! the hotel was clean, housekeeping was good, but the sheets had not been changed when i first got to the room. the hotel was quiet to sleep in, if you ask for a room facing the inner courtyard and not the train tracks. price was reasonable.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	4	4	

<Author>Vidalia909
<Content>Convenient Location, Cheap, Clean and nicer than expected! As noted, this hotel is a little tricky to find. I printed the home page in Chinese and handed it to the cab driver. I also dialed the hotel phone and when they answered handed it to the driver. I speak almost no Chinese. It's easiest to get taken to the Beijing Railway Station. There is a 16 RMB Shuttle bus (about $2.25 usd) from the airport. A cab will cost you about 90-100rmb (around 12 or 13 usd). Once you arrive at the Beijing train station, if you are facing the front of the station, walk LEFT on the same side of the street as the train station. Walk a couple of blocks and when you get to a parking lot full of buses where you will turn right. Walk to the end of the street where you will see a police station. Take a right here and the hotel is on the left hand side.There are many Westerners staying in this hotel. I think each room has a computer with free internet (mine did). The room was small and clean (i got a single for about 35usd). The staff speaks English and is helpful. There is a travel agent in the lobby that can book you on a full day tour of Beijing, The Great Wall, score you tickets to an acrobat show, etc. The location is a couple of blocks walk to the subway which is almost right outside the railway station. A ride on the subway costs 3 rmb (less than 50 cents). An easy ride to Tianamen Square, Forbidden City and many other attractions. There is a breakfast that costs 5 rmb (about 75 cents). It's totally Chinese, but you may like it. There's a restaurant and cafe where you can order beers and sit in the courtyard. Very nice for 2 stars as someone else stated. Has kind of a youth hostel feel to it, but it's completely fine. You can't beat the price either!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Mart85
<Content>Not the best location Stayed a few nights in May 2007, and found the location less desirable: many cabs, on showing the hotel business card, refused to take us there. If you have to walk to the hotel, many of the hutong alleys are quite smelly. Moreover as trains pass by the whole place starts trembling.Think there are better places to be found in Beijing.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	3	2	3	

<Author>AlfonsoMadrid
<Content>Very nice for 2 stars! We stayed for two nights in April 2007 in the Zhong'an hotel. As Scott said, it is difficult to find, and the street you have to go through to get there is not the most glamorous one. But it is very centric and the hotel itself is very nice, much better than I expected for 2 stars! Everything is very new. We got the room 1101 which is actually the two bedroom appartment. It had 2 big rooms, one with a double bed and another one with twin beds. Both rooms have a nice TV (although nearly all you can watch is in Chinese though), and it is not on the side of the trains so it is very quiet, had a great sleep! The bathroom is very nice and has everything you need, from shampoo to shower gel, plus toothbrush and toothpaste. The appartment also has a little table and chairs, nice for a coffee in the morning!The breakfast was not so great but it is only 5 yuan anyhow, which is around 50 euro cents.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ScottRo
<Content>Great hotel once you can find it First thing - know how to get to the hotel. If you catch the bus from Captial Airport, take Route 3 to the Beijing Train Station. When you alight, ignore the touts wanting to give you a lift on their rickshaw - I can tell you from experience that they will leave you stranded (but at least it will be near by).Head from the bus in the direction that the bus is facing and on the same side of the road that you got off the bus on. At no time do you have to cross the main road. As you follow the path, you will go past a couple of walk side shops and then finally through to the forecourt of the Beijing train station. This should take 2 minutes.Cross the forecourt staying close to the road. There will be people everywhere. You will be walking in an easterly direction. Once leaving the forecourt, keep walking past some shops and you will get to a bus interchange. Walk past this and you will see a road to the right. There is a sign post with blue signs in Chinese and then there is one of the bottom that is red indicating a Hutong starting with D (as I am currently staying in the hotel - I will get the name and update shortly). Take this road and follow it right to the end. As you walk along the road, on the left will be the back of the Marriot hotel (under construction at this time). At the end of the street is a police station - turn right at this point and the hotel is on the left just up the street. Green and yellow in colour.The hotel reception staff are friendly and efficent. They charge a 200 Yuan deposit for the room key. The key is a card like you get in major hotels that you swipe over the door panel to get in. The rooms are plain but have heating and aircondioning. The bathroom has a western toilet and towels are provided. There is no fridge.In the room I had there was a computer and free access to the internet, along with a TV. Only one station in English (a news station). The computer also let me download my digital photos and upload to a flash disk.The bed is hard, but you can't have everything. I was in a single room - not sure how much bigger the doubles are.Check on the view - I got a room overlooking the railway line. Could be a problem if you are a light sleeper. There are rooms that face away from the railway line. The window is able to be opened to get some fresh air.Like everywhere in China, you can not escape cigarette smoke. So expect to smell it in your non-smoking room. Try also to get a room away from the stairwells - again not a good option for light sleepers. There are no lifts, but the porter will take your luggage to your room.For the price, this is a great hotel. You can't go wrong.It is a bit of a walk to The Forbidden city, but you can catch the subway to it to save the walk.There are shops in the Henderson Centre across the road from the Railway station (cross the road via the foot bridge). A supemarket is also near by (Park and Shop) - in the building opposite the Hendersen Shopping centre to the east. When you cross the footbridge, turn right and cross the north / south road. Then head north and enter the shopping centre where you see Starbucks. Go one level down. It has everything you need.Hope this all helps my fellow travellers.Scott  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	-1	5	4	5	

<Author>Funkysista
<Content>Economico e perfetto!       bagno  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	3	-1	4	

