<Author>Girl500
<Content>Great Location for the price We stayed at this hotel in March 2008. Our cab driver had a difficult time finding our hotel as the entrance is a little awkward. We had the address written in Mandarin but the cab driver still had a difficult time finding the hotel. I believe we had to drag our bags through an alley a bit to get to the front entrance. The hotel is in a great location. Very close to the Tianmmen Square and the Forbidden City. Also within walking distance to Wafujing. We were able to take a short walk to watch the flag raising in Tiananmen square.The hotel staff were helpful for the most part. Not necessarily fluent in English, but they could speak enough that we were able to get by to check in. The hotel room was nicer then we expected. The washroom was nice. The room was small, but we didn't expect a spacious room for the price.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>subiclawyer
<Content>Sonny the courteous        Goodbye Days Inn... and thanks.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Anla66
<Content>Fantastic location, clean and cosy I have just returned from my solo travel for 7 days at the Days Inn Forbidden City Beijing. It was quiet but yet not too far from main roads. Location was fantastic, minutes walk to the WangFujing, Tian'anmen SQ, etc, subway station, bus stops with buses that goes to many places of interest.Nearest subway is Tian'anmen Dong, take exit B. Turn left, walk along Chiangan dajie, crossed one main road, turn left on junction of Nanheyen dajie, walk for about 1 minute, you'll see the Inn on your left.Area is safe. The room is clean  cosy. Staff are friendly and helpful. Overall, i would say that it's beyond my expectation.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>crosis
<Content>Great Location - Great Potential The Days inn Forbidden City Beijing is a really good hotel, with good people, excellent location and really has everything going for it.So I do wonder why I cant rate it that highly. In fact in terms of value for money this hotel has the potential to be the best in Beijing in its class. It has many good points including great housekeeping, good location and free internet. There isnt even really anything that they do wrong it is just either how they explain things or what they dont do.The things that bugged me were basic easily fixed issues. For example1. We had prepaid our week stay (through a Trip adviser site) and had confirmation all money was received and booking confirmed. So when we turned up we were not allowed to check in until we paid a further 500 rmb bond. We had just flown for 16 hours and travelled by train and cab to the hotel and at 6.00am in the morning we didnt have the cash. So we had to pay on a credit card. So instead of a raving review all about arriving at our hotel at 6.00am and getting our room immediately, instead we had a negative experience. When we left we were able to get the credit reversed easily, however it could have been handled much better or advised earlier. It is not uncommon to ask to have a copy of the credit card and I would happily agree to this, but requiring cash is NOT a good practice.2. We had (based on a review) specifically booked a deluxe room with a view over the adjoining Hutong. However no one had told reception and a room was not available on check in. We were told we would be moved later that day when available. After a week we still had the same room we started in. It was a perfectly comfortable room, but was very small. The bathroom was almost bigger than the bedroom. Basically if you say something is going to happen it should be up to someone to ensure it does happen. Also the booking system should be able to record requests so front desk staff know what has been requested.3. For the European New Years Eve we asked the front desk what was on locally that we could go to and celebrate at. I was told they didnt know as foreign tourists arent their major market. Ironically I rang another hotel we had used previously in Beijing and they gave us a list of activities and also arranged our New Year trip for us free of charge! Surely there must be a central visitor information record of these things that could be posted in the lobby. Even better task a member of staff with good english to keep this up to date and offer some alternatives to all guests looking for things to do. If they sell other peoples tours the commission could even make the hotel some money. Dont get me started on why promote yourself overseas if this is not your market!4. For room service I have no problem paying the price plus an additional service charge. However the adjoining cafe/restaurant also has a 10% service fee for anything ordered, even a soft drink. I thought this could have been built into the price of the item, however the prices are already pretty steep compared with adjoining restaurants. A glass of local beer effectively costs over 30rmb with the services fee, yet a bottle (maybe three glasses) is only 25-35rmb in many local restaurants and as little as 5 rmb at the shop next door. We didnt even have a breakfast which at 68rmb was more than we paid for a meal for two nearby. A main course in the evening (150-190rmb) would have cost us more than we paid for a two course meal with drinks at another restaurant (130rmb).5. When we tried to take taxis from the forecourt they often quoted very high prices before setting off. For example a trip to the drum tower the two taxi drivers in the forecourt wanted 50rmb as a fee. So we walked off and flagged one down outside and paid 18rmb on the meter. It seemed to be a small scam where drivers parked on the foyer charged foreigners excessively.So would I recommend Days Inn Forbidden City to others? Yes, I guess so as it is a good place and has a good team. For most people it will be ideal.I would stay there again if I needed to..  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>SLall
<Content>Great location Hi! We stayed at the hotel for a couple of days ,the location is definately very very good, you can spend two days visiting places within walking distance to this hotel. The hotel is new so it was well maintaines ,neat and clean.The only thing which was negative about this hotel was the size of the room,it was quite small,you hardly have place to walk if you have 2-3 luggage with you,the bathroom were nice and big in proportion to the room.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>dizzygirl123
<Content>Perfect location, lovely cosey rooms I stayed at this hotel about a year ago, when it was still brand new and LOVED it, it was one of my favourite hotel stays ever. I now compare all budget hotels to this one... In fact, on one of the two days I budgeted for sightseeing I got so comfortable under the fluffy duvet, watching the news on the flat screen TV, that I lost track of time and didn't leave the hotel until lunchtime, and didn't even regret it. It instantly felt like my bedroom at home, decorated in the style I like most in a hotel, with crisp white linen, clean neutral carpets, flat screen TV mounted on wall, glass shower door, big mirror... functional and minimalist and not at all kitch or mouldy or over the top. I have to add that this was a small room, more than big enough for one person, but perhaps a bit more cramped for a couple.This was a personal extension to a work trip, so I moved to the much posher Raffles hotel down the road a few days later (on work's expense) and I have to stay I missed the Days Inn which was much cosier! There was the occasional language problem and growing pains as these were the early days of the hotel, I asked for a plug adaptor (for UK plug) on my first evening and they didn't have one or didn't understand me... But they didn't just move on and forget about it: later the same evening, several hours later, they knocked on my door, having sourced one! I was quite touched by the eagerness, actually.Also, I booked the room on the internet and when I called them directly from Dubai to confirm my booking, they didn't understand me at all. But I needn't have worried, when I arrived and showed them the printout of my booking, all was well.Room service was friendly and swift; internet access in the room was free, the breakfast was a bit uninspiring but at this price, I didn't mind at all, there are plenty of eateries in the area.The location is perhaps best of all, right on top of the forbidden city as well as food street, upmarket malls etc - there is a reason why the fancy hotels like Raffles and the Grand Hyatt are located in this district and at the Days Inn you get to experience the area on a budget.Highly recommended!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2xman
<Content>Loved the Days Inn Forbidden City I just returned from Beijng and the Days Inn Forbidden City is the place to stay... Walking distance from Tiananmen Square, Forbidden City and WangFuJing Street it's a great spot to the those who visit Beijing...The staff is very nice, english friendly and you'll feel like home.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jensimann
<Content>Good location, small rooms       Construction next to my window  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>badwaiter
<Content>Can't beat the location This hotel is in the perfect location to see Beijing. You can easily walk to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square. The hotel itself is adequate and it is only a Days Inn but for a newer property (opened in 2007) it is already falling apart. My shower was leaky and had mildew and the carpet of the room was stained. I've stayed in many worse places but it seems like they cut corners on maintenance and upkeep. The staff was helpful and had decent English. The hotel breakfast is only about $10 a person but my family of four walked down the street each morning to a nearby dumpling restaurant and ate well for $10 total. You can't do better for the location but you can likely do better for the price. If I traveled with family I would likely stay here again. If I was by myself or just with my spouse I would likely look elsewhere.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	-1	4	

<Author>Mabh
<Content>Very nice and comfortable!       The bathroom - shower  toilet  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>lilgoon
<Content>Expectations met Stayed here for 4 nights with my wife, we found it a pleasant surprise as it was in the perfect location right near both Tiananmen Square/Forbidden City and Wangfujing shopping district.The hotel was quite modern and clean, the staff were helpful and overall exceeded our expectations as this is not a 5 star hotel. Our room was on the ground floor and slightly small but quite cosy, everything looks new and modern with everything we needed (no more no less). Only problem in our room was that our window faced the rear of the hotel which is in fact the Hutong area. As such, in the mornings it was quite noisy and we could not open our curtains otherwise people could see in.overall we enjoyed our stay here and could not recommend a better place.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>kelliabbs
<Content>Good location but not so good hotel We stayed at Days Inn Forbidden City in November 2008.The location is really good, about 10 minutes walking from Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square.The hotel is not so good.* The room was too hot because of the heater.We asked the staff to adjust it, but nothing was done.We turned off all the heaters of the room by ourselves but the central heater was enough to keep the room hot. We had to open the window to breath.* There was a construction right in front of our room and the workers there used to work at 3:00 am making a lot of noise!* After shower the bathroom was a mess - water on the entire bathroom flor, the box was leaking.* The carpets was dirty.* Breakfast wasn't included and was expensive for what they offer.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Erik_Westrum
<Content>great staff near tiananmen square and forbidden city. Rooms could be a little bit bigger and the bathroom door is bad.The staff is very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>dcp772000
<Content>Good location but not a great hotel It looks that Days Inn have tried to go upscale with a pretty hotel. The problem is that it looks already 15 years old. As much as I love China (I spent my last 2 holidays there) it seems that they have the ability to make new things look old and used (see new terminal 3). I am not sure if it is related to the materials they use, to the poor cleaning or just to the mass of people using those facilities...Back to the hotel:Pro:- prefect location: 5 min from Tienanmen and 5 from the main shopping areas- 3 min from the subway stop- nice building- friendly staffContra:- mould in the tiles corners- poor cleaning (possibly material faults) underneeth the sink- dirty plasic-mat in the shower- no heating, so you need to heat up with the aircon (that blows in your face as it is on the top of the bed)- construction site in front of the hotel (we had our first room changed after waking up at 7)- carpet stained in quite a few places- doors do not close properly in the toilets (4cm gap), so your roommate will share your bowel movementsAs said I have changed 2 rooms, and the cleaning remarks above are valid for both of them. My feeling is that with some better materials (easier to clean/mantain) this hotel could have got 5/5, but I can not close an eye on cleanliness.I have the feeling that  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	1	4	3	-1	

<Author>Fromthenetherlands
<Content>Super location It is a really good hotel! Recommended!Pro's are: super location near forbidden city and tianmensquare, ATM available in lobby, friendly staff in lobby, bikes for rent, shower is good, clean rooms.Con's are:expensive breakfast (go to the closest mall and have there your breakfast) and very hard beds (but you can ask the staff for extra blankets so then it is a lot softer)We stayed at Days inn for two times: the first time we had a budget room and the second time a deluxe room. Both rooms were identical in layout, the only difference was the daylight as the budget one was under ground and has little windows.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>catsToronto
<Content>Great Location Excellent locaton.Helpful staffs.Good for the price.The buffet breakfast is good, lots of fruit. Coffee is very strong. But try to get there early (7 am to 8 am is best time.) or else, you might not get a table. The room we stayed for the first week was on the second floor. In the late afternoon, it got stuffy and hot. We asked the maintenace people to fiix the air conditiont, but they told us that the AC has been shut off on all rooms by the central control. They could not help us.The next week, we took the trian to Xian( please beware and don't ever go on the 2nd class. It was a nightmare; 6 bunk beds stucked a very small room, people in the same room with us were loud and rude. They shined their shoes 1 feet away from your face as if you were not there. One man took off all his clothes except his underware and was walking back and forth. The washroom facility in the train was very scary. (Dirty and smelly and no water. We stayed in Xian for 5 days (very polluted city.) The following week we came back to Beijing and stayed in Days Inn for the rest of our vacation. This time, our room was better, but the price was up .Bty, if you visiting Beijing, please make sure that you have tissue or toilet paper with you all the time. Most washrooms in restaurants provide no toiliet paper .  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scale_8
<Content>Excellent Hotel Great hotel , with very good service , clean rooms - small but very comfortable .The hotel is in the best area , few minutes by walk from Tiannamen and the Forbidden City and the staff is very kind and always is posible to find that at least one of them speack a good English.Service in the desk is good and with a smile .De breackfast is tasteful , with all that's necessary to start the day with a good feeling.I reccomend it for every one , its a great experience with a convenient price .  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amikan
<Content>Not a usual Days Inn       Huge Bed  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Joaquin5
<Content>Conveniently located Convenient location near Forbidden City, Tiananmen Square and Wangfujing Street. 5-min walk to Tiananmen East Metro Station. There are bicycles for rent - this is useful as Beijing is monumental in scale.Note that the cheapest web rates are for the basement rooms. They are a little small and dark but if you are out sightseeing the whole day, you'll only need a clean place to sleep. Breakfast is also at included at the cheapest rate, but there are lots of places within walking distance. The ATM machine in the lobby is also useful to have.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>missngt
<Content>Close Proximity to Tian'anmen. Safe area I stayed at the Days Inn Beijing for 4 days during the Chinese national holiday week. A definite plus point is the close proximity to Tian'anmen Plaza and the Forbidden City. Also, the major shopping street - Wangfujing Street is just a main street away. Centrally located between historic sights and between 2 subway stations makes it easier to commute to other places of interest like Summer Place. To Temple of Heaven there is a direct bus no.60 outside the hotel. At night there would be a guard patrolling the main entrance of the hotel, enhancing safety. For the price paid nightly, it was good value for the location and services offered by the hotel staff. Hotel offered day trips that were of reasonable pricing and bikes could be rented as well. Enjoyed my stay thoroughly!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ggGermany
<Content>Made in China... The location is really good. And the rooms are quiet. The staff is friendly. And you can rent bikes (very small mountain bikes). The room looks nice. But it is made in China ... after 2 years everything is a little bit run down (the shower's door fall down, the carpets are dirty). But the service is good: they fixed the door within minutes ...If you choose the budget rooms like me you should know that the rooms are in the cellar, with only a small window and that they are quiet wet. I am not sure if it is good for your health if you cannot stand mouldy rooms. But in sum it was a nice stay (for not two much money).  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DublinPinky
<Content>Lovely hotel, Great Location We stayed in the Days Inn hotel in September for 3 nights. Overall, we had a very pleasant experience. The hotel is in a great location, really central and just a few minutes walk to the main sites. The room was really modern with a big bathroom and a great shower - although the bed was quite small and hard. Breakfast wasn't included in our rate. We paid for it one morning but it wasnt really worth the price. There's a shopping centre 5 minutes walk from the hotel with loads of choice for breakfast cafes. A word of warning on the hotel Great Wall tours - they stop at Jade factories (or similar) and are not direct so you may be better doing this independently (we did and was very easy to organise). Staff in the hotel were very friendly and helpful. Internet access was useful.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>emcde
<Content>Perfect for my needs       bathroom  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>DaveInOrlando
<Content>Great Location, Great Value This hotel was in a great spot. Near Forbidden City and a walk to restaurants and shopping. Near a subway stop too which is not a bad way to get around. Stayed in basement room. Very clean, nice basic amenities. My only complaint was that some people were loading bricks on to a truck at 4 in the AM and it was impossible to sleep that night. The staff didnt do anything about it. Maybe they couldn't. They had a decent buffet breakfast but overpriced by Beijing standards. Overall, assuming the contruction nearby is done now I would recomment the place.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>jukazu1976
<Content>Good place to stay for its location - room can be better This was our first accommodation in a month long travel in China. We booked it direct via the Days Inn website and checked where it is on their map, although it took us a long time to find it as we didn't expect the roads to be so far apart in China (everything in China is big!). The location was great though as it was a street away from Frobidden City on one side and the Shopping Street (Wangfu Jin?) on the other side. Both around 5 mins walk. We stayed at the lower priced room which is on the basement level of a separate building so if you want light, you might want to pay a bit extra. There were construction noises every morning as they seemed to be just digging the front area of building for no reason - but apart from that, the hotel is located off the main road so it is quiet-ish. The room was ok with aircon - our first room air con broke and they changed us into another room after the DIY man couldn't fix it. The bathroom is separated by sliding door so not much privacy but the interior was nice.Staff at reception couldn't speak much English but that seems to be the norm every where in China still.Had dinner 1 night in their restaurant - nothing to rave on about.Overall, it was good price for the location as it right next door to the main attractions in Beijing and subway was close by.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>Nagyutazo
<Content>Top European quality We stayed a week in this hotel and were very surprised about the design, equipment and cleanness of it. It would be a great choice in any major European cities - not to talk about the outstanding quality it represented in this geographical context. It is located perfectly in the center, still very quite.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>whatshername
<Content>Loved it       From the outside  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Propell
<Content>Great deal After a business trip Beijing, I wanted to stay a few more days to do some sight seeing, but couldn't afford the business hotel rates. This hotel was a terrific bargain! It's not luxurious, but the location and price are right!I decided on one of the cheapest rooms on the basement level. I had read ahead of time that these only had the tiny basement window, so I wasn't surprised by it. If I hadn't known that ahead of time, I probably would have been upset. I went with the lower rates so I could spend more money on touring. The sheets were clean and new (I'm picky about that) and the towels were clean. The carpet had some stains, but slippers are provided. The bathroom was very clean, but needed some new caulking to make it look cleaner.The staff speaks good and is very service oriented. They very helpful and friendly.The internet is cheap to use (10 RMB for 30 minutes) and the tvs in the room are quite nice. Lots of channels are available.The location is the real reason I booked this hotel. It is walking distance to the Forbidden City and big shopping streets as well as lots of restaurants. I was so happy I made the choice to stay here.I booked a Hutong tour through the front desk. A taxi picked me up and brought me to the Drum Tour. A guide then accompanied me on a pedicab tour of the Hutong and we stopped at two homes. I was happier doing that tour through the desk rather than negotiate that on my own. For other tours, I booked a personal tour guide so I could go on my own pace.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>travelfan35
<Content>I would pay more for this hotel! I loved this hotel. It's 3 min walk to Forbidden city and 5 min walk to the main shopping street.The room was spacious and very modern and clean. Staff was friendly and helpfull.The hotel is not big, boutique. Hightly recommend it to everyone.You can book directly, remember to negotiate the price!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mysticetacea
<Content>Great choice! My experience with the Days Inn Forbidden City was excellent. I stayed there while on a trip in February, and highly recommend it if you're looking for a reasonably priced hotel with decent amenities in a great location. I arrived late at night after a delayed flight, but the cab driver did not have any problem at all finding the hotel, and I did not have any problems checking in. Do be sure to print out the address in Chinese characters before leaving, as most cab drivers do not speak English. You can copy and paste it from the Chinese version of the website. Many of the hotel staff also did not speak much English, but there was always one person at the front desk who was proficient, so it was never really a problem for me. This hotel is far from luxurious, but was clean, comfortable, had free high-speed internet, and is in a fabulous location -- walking distance to most major tourist attractions. The staff are also very helpful -- they called a cab to come take me back to the airport when I was leaving, and helped me with daily itineraries and booking a trip to the Great Wall. My only complaints are as follows:1. The hotel seemed to be under construction while I was there, which caused a lot of noise, dust, etc. Not a huge deal but kind of annoying.2. I booked a trip to the Great Wall through them, and decided on the cheapest option -- a small group tour which was about $25 for the full day and included lunch. They told me it would not include the tourist trap diversions my guide book warned me about , side trips to a jade factory and a traditional Chinese medicine demonstration -- scams, essentially. But, it did. This was frustrating as it detracted from the experience of the Great Wall, and if I had known we would be taken to these places, I would have chosen a different option. I wish that the Days Inn worked with a more legitimate tour agency. But that is my only major complaint and would still recommend that people stay here -- just not use them when booking tours!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>robinsantamonica
<Content>Fantastic! I cannot imagine a better hotel for the money in Beijing. First off, if you're from the States, don't think of this as a typical Days Inn. It's much more like a stylish boutique hotel. PRICE - Excellent. It's not a five star hotel, but you're also not paying 5-star (or even 4-star) prices. Great deal for the money.LOCATION - Perfect! Right smack in the middle of everything, on a quiet street, right next to a nice hutong. Walking distance to the Forbidden City, night food market and shopping street. Arguably a better location than the expensive 5-stars.ROOM - Small, but it's Asia. There were some slight stains on the carpet, but I wasn't rolling around on it. The bed is hard, but I haven't found a bed in China that's not. Modern amenities.BREAKFAST BUFFET - Excellent.SERVICE - Here's where this hotel skyrockets in quality. The service was absolutely fantastic. Almost everybody at the front desk can speak English fairly well. Everybody is very nice and well-trained in hospitality. They also go above and beyond the standard services. Here's a perfect example of how great the service in this hotel is: Moments before I left for my trip to China, my laptop unexpectedly crashed and went into a coma (thank you, Microsoft Vista). Since I was on business, it was crucial that I brought my laptop, and I needed to get it up and running. The IT Manager, and Ricky (the assistant manager) spent hours of their time helping me, and ultimately helped to solve the problem. When was the last time you heard of a Days Inn even having an IT Manager?Excellent experience, and the only hotel I will stay at in Beijing.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>bartn7777
<Content>Good price/quality/location ratio I stayed there over a week in May 2008. Great location, just a few minutes walk to the Tiananman Square or to the famous shopping area - Wangfunjing Street in oposite direction. It is located next to the Forbidden City side gates. Wanderful park paths just for nice walk directly to the Forbidden City main entrance. The English-speaking stuff is nice and helpful. You can let them organise visits to the most famous places in Beijing and around it. The air conditioned rooms are clean and comfortable with reasonably big bathrooms. You can expect avarege breakfast with some Chinese and Continetal food. Huge advantage of the hotel is free WiFi Internet access!Pros:- Great location- English speaking stuff- free WiFi Internet accessCons:- Breakfast and restaurant food could be better (limited food assortment)  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>helia_bunch
<Content>Good location and nice, clean hotel This hotel is really quite nice and a great value. The rooms are better than I was expecting - not very large, but nicely done. Hotel staff is very friendly, but a bit busy and english is not that strong. Location is fantastic! You can walk to shopping (just to the west one block) and Tianamen Square etc. There is a great little dumpling store - go out to the main street and turn left. It's about 1/2 a block down the road on your left. Teh dumpling menu is all in chinese, but they are great and very cheap - just try your luck or the staff will help translate (sort of). Two things to watch for: 1 - the hotel will arrange tours for you, but they have a very restricted offering and they will not do anything beyond what they offer. For instance, they only go to two places on the great wall they would not arrange a car for the day unless we went to one of those. Later, we wanted to arrange a performance for some arcobatics, but when it became clear that we did not want to go to the their sponsored place, the staff person (Gary) refused to help us and became quite rude. So, if you want to do anything outside of their few selected (and more touristy / overrun) attractions, make your own arrangements before hand. 2 - a lot of taxi drivers do not know the location. So, print a map and make sure you know more or less where it is. This may improve over time as the hotel becomes more known. Overall, a great place considering the price and would stay there again anytime.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	3	2	

<Author>ProudTourists
<Content>Perfect Tourist Hotel This hotel is only a year old at this point, so the only real problem it had was that the cabbies didn't know exactly where it was and they don't normally speak English. They usually get close enough so that you can point to it, though.The rooms are big enough to be comfortable in, but not huge. We did live out of our suitcases because there didn't seem to be enough drawer space. No biggie for us, but you might not like that. It was very clean and our view from the third floor looked down on the hutong and Imperial Archives.The breakfast included with the room includes noodles, rice, fruits, vegetables, breads, cereals and an omlette bar. Sometimes even french toast or pancakes. The coffee was very good.The location is fantastic for the tourist. The Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square are just a short 3 or 4 minute walk, and you can get there by walking through the beautifully manicured Imperial Gardens.The staff was very easy to deal with. We booked three tours through them, and once used their very affordable internet service. We had a great time, and I credit this hotel with at least part of our experience.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Vilae
<Content>hmmm not impressed, Budget Hotel We decided on this hotel due to Price, location, and the ability to go to their web site to make a reservation. I made a note on the reservation that we did have a late flight and our check in would be after 10pm. I used my Credit card to hold the room. Unfortunately they didnt read the notes, 2 rooms with twin beds were NOT reserved when we arrived after 11pm. It was a good thing that our tour package included a guide and van pick up from the airport and our tour guide spoke chinese and discussed things with the front desk. Their english is not as good as I expected. We ended up in the Budget rooms in the basement. Fairly clean, dirty floors were expected, and not so clean tile in bathroom. Rooms were very small. We enjoyed the buffet breakfast, the price was a bit more than what we understood from reviews, no biggie, but when I left the buffet to get my daughter and came back, just to sip coffee while she ate, they charged me again for breakfast... absolutely would not have happened if there was no language barrier. After you argue for 30 minutes, you tend to give up. It was definately BUDGET hotel, but once you get your bearings, the location is very close to Tianamen square/Forbidden city, and in the other direction Wangfujing shopping area.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>igfilm
<Content>good hotel - avoid travel office Overall my stay at this hotel was excellent. good location,staff and rooms. I would suggest though that you avoid the airline ticket office as the woman there had no clue at all and was unable to book a simple Beijing - Hong Kong ticket after two hours. i walked around the corner to the Beijing Hotel where they did it in 5 minutes with no hassle.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>benler
<Content>Could not check-out fast enough Drove down unappealing alley to Hotel which Taxi driver had difficulty finding. Our first room was extremely small leaving little room for our luggage. Although the bed was made, the worn carpeted floor was littered with dirt and the tiled bathroom floor was dirty and slimy. We demanded and were taken to another room which they described as a VIP room. This VIP room, although slighlty larger than first room and containing a king bed,, rather than the queen bed in the first room, offered a spectacular view of the rear of local bar or warehouse just a few feet away. In the approximate 10 feet between our window and the adjoining building were stacked crates of beer bottles, both used and unopened. I guess thats what they call local flavor. My girlfriend was miserable (so was I) and so that night we took a ride to visit friends who were staying at the nearby Howard Johnson Paragon Hotel. I went to the Front Desk and was offered and shown a wonderful Executive floor room on the top floor which including admission to the executive lounge, full breakfast in the executive lounge or Atrium Restaurant, internet, etc. cost a total of approximately $90 USD per night. The following morning we fled the Days Inn and checked into the Paragon where we had a truly wonderful stay for about the same total price (including breakfast) as we would have paid at the Days Inn. Only advantage of the Days Inn is that it is very clost walk to Forbidden City, but with taxi fares being so incredibly cheap in Beijing and indeed all of China, dont even think about staying at the Days Inn. Moreover, dont rely on Tripadvisor rating, it is unreliable for this hotel  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	2	2	

<Author>jilllll9
<Content>Fantastic hotel for English-speakers, GREAT location This is a great choice for a mid-level hotel in Beijing. The rooms are clean (bathrooms are really nice). If you want to explore the city and use your room for showering and sleeping, this is the place. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful. Not many people speak English in Beijing....there was always at least one fluent English-speaker at the front desk. The rates are reasonable and the location is ideal. VERY close to Forbidden city, Tianamen Square and a subway stop that can take you anywhere in the city! I highly recommend this hotel for your time in Beijing.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Keystone_england
<Content>Excellent location and good rates Highly recommended. Excellent hotel, with good rates and clean, comfortable, rooms. Very central location, near to the Forbidden City. Midway between the Tiananmen Dong and Wangfujing line 1 subway stations. Entrance is just west of Naneyan Dajie, just a short walk north of Dongchang'an Jie.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GoLeafsGo0907
<Content>Great location, good value Perfect location for sites since it right next to the Forbidden City/Tienanmen Square. There's also a popular shopping street about a block to the east and a night market for food. The pictures don't do the place justice. I had low expectations for the place, and just booked it because of the price. Was pleasantly surprised by the interior and it looks like they've renovated it recently. Staff was helpful arranging tours and shows for us.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>shaunsia
<Content>Great hotel for budget traveller I must say that with the price, both the location and comfort cannot be beat. This hotel is new, and it looks and feels new, The room is nicely decorated and understated. Fast speed free internet connection, although you might have problem with the WIFI depending on which floor you are on, but you can always connect using the LAN cable provided. This hotel is not as hard to find as I thought it would be. It is just 5 mins walk to everything!!!!!!! This hotel has a nice courtyard too, great to just sit down there and enjoy the tranquility in the midst of the bustling city.Book this hotel you will not regret.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>jonjertalMelbourne
<Content>NOT BAD AT ALL We stayed at the Days Inn 5 nights recentley and must say that this hotel is not bad at all. The location is excellent, the staff very helpful and friendly, very good buffet breakfast and the deluxe king room superb.Highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>hmcandrew
<Content>Graet Hotel We stayed at this hotel just 2 weeks ago and were very pleased. The hotel has a great location, food is excellent (prices are very reasonable) and the rooms are very clean. Also, the hotel staff was very helpfull.They even arranged our train ticket to Xi`an for less than 3 euro commision. I definetly recommend this hotel as a great place to stay while in Beijing.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>hodgson13
<Content>Not a Bad Hotel Stayed at Days Inn for 6 days from March 26 through April 1 2008.Our Room was a little on the small side (wev'e had bigger rooms in HK) but it was adequete. The toilet ponged a little sometimes through bad drains, but in general the hotel was okay. I booked this Hotel because of the reviews and its proximity, and have to say that in general it was a good decision. The front desk staff were very helpful, particularly Sabrina, she has a great command of English and was happy to help with any problems or just offer advice. Breakfast buffett was good value, but the waiters and waitresses were not so efficient. The hotel is within walking distance for the Forbidden City, Subway and Wanfujing Street. The Outback Steak House is located inside the Beijing Hotel which is about a five minute walk in the direction of Wanfujing Street for those who need some really good Western food. Yes this Hotel lives up to it's previous reviews, and is good value for those on a budget.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	4	4	

<Author>jestyr2000
<Content>More Than Just a Name Don't let the name fool you, this is unlike any Days Inn you've probably ever seen. We booked this trip with Gate 1 Travel and were very pleased. The hotel is brand new, just opened in October 2007.The rooms have very modern furniture, a flat screen TV, free high speed internet, huge shower, and are very clean. The location is perfect; just a few minute walk to the Forbidden City and Tienanmen Square. There is a huge shopping center just a couple blocks away and several authentic Chinese restaurants literally steps away. We felt totally safe at all hours too.We had a hot American style buffet breakfast every day including an omelet station. What Days Inn back in the States has an omelet station? There was always someone who spoke English on the staff and they were super helpful with any request we had. Honestly, this hotel was nicer than many Hilton's I've stayed in. I would definitely recommend it for just about any visitor. My only gripe is that the bed was pretty hard. It didn't seem to matter too much after a long day of walking to see the sights but as far as softness goes, the bed did bear a similarity to the carpeted floor. Other tips if you choose to stay here:We did the Great Wall tour offered by the hotel. You might want to plan a different one, or just pay a cab to take you. There were two unnecessary stops to see tours of factories that make jade and pottery. This was nothing more than forced shopping excursions which ultimately limited the time at the Great Wall.Since the hotel is new, most cab drivers don't know where it is. The hotel will give you a card, but that won't help much. Have the staff write the major cross streets for you on the card and cab drivers can find it much easier.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jpaulsneedy
<Content>Nice place... Nice people This is a great bargain. Yes, the rooms are a little small and take some hangars with you but it was clean, quiet and comfortable. Save money on travelers checks.. you'll have to go to the bank to cash them and there's an ATM in the hotel lobby that gives you all the Yuang you need at a competitive rate. The tour people at the desk are wonderful.. especially Sabrina! I suggest, however, that you get a cab to and from the hotel.. it should run you around Y100. If you book the hotels car it is Y150.I highly recommend the Li Family Restaurant but make your reservations at least three weeks ahead. It's called Li Jai Cai at 11 Yangang, deshengmen wai hutong, phone [--]. Dinner will run about Y200 ($28 u.s.) or Y300. It is wonderful.Oh, and if you want olympic baseball hats to take home you should be able to get them easily for $1 each or Y70.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SHFT54
<Content>Problem Solving Staff In A Bargain Of A Hotel This hotel had it problems but it is definitely a bargain. The rooms are a little worn and our first room reaked of sewage. The friendly staff moved us to another room as quickly as they could. The front desk is very helpful with almost everything. Beds are more like boxsprings than mattresses but I heard many rooms in Beijing are like this. If you get a taxi chances are they won't know where the hotel is, but just have them drop you off around the corner at the Grand Beijing Hotel. The Forbidden City and Tianeman Square are within easy walking distance and a metro stop is also close. I saw rates as low as $40 a night on some web sites, making this a can't miss deal. The hotel was booked to capacity so book early. This is a solid two and a half star hotel maybe even a three in my book(on a scale of four). This hotel is by no means luxurious or flashy. It's a good decent hotel in a fantastic location. May not be for the finicky or hard to please traveler. My friend was in a deluxe room which was definitley a little nicer than mine. I was extremely pleased with the hotel and bang for buck.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>2	5	2	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>d_p_richards
<Content>Great little hotel! Location: excellent- 5 minute walk to the Forbidden City, the major shopping district, and a subway station. Always easy to hail a cab as well, even if the front desk wants to persuade you to 'book a car' through them- don't bother.Room: Being a new hotel, the rooms are in good shape. The beds are typically Chinese- very hard! Free internet was a good thing here, too. We had no issues with hearing other rooms. There's an in-room safe, and the closet is very small. The only complaint is that the hotel smelled of chemicals- like carpet glue or something, which I imagine is because the hotel is so new. Opening the room window was enough to solve this issue, though. It was also nice to get free water in the room and the bathroom products were more than I got at a lot of other hotels in China.Service: We had no issues with service- the English at the front desk is quite good. The same cannot be said of housekeeping, but we always managed to creatively communicate. The desk staff were also helpful in writing our destinations in Chinese for our cab drivers- I would highly reccomend this to anyone traveling by cab. It was nearly impossible to instruct the drivers otherwise.I would definitely recommend staying in this hotel. I also booked through the Days Inn site and managed to get a really good rate online.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Cedric
<Content>Best Choice for Beijing There are several options for Beijing hotels - a giant Marriott etc, a Chinese hotel, a hutong courtyard-style place.We loved the idea of a hutong hotel, but worried about picking a bad one (the ones widely recommended seem to be permanently booked). Big hotels don't appeal to us and are too expensive if well-located.We settled on the Days Inn Forbidden City and we can't say enough good things about it. The price was great ($75 for a queen bed - didn't see the cheaper basement rooms, but really, don't do that to yourself) and the location can't be beat. This hotel is literally a 3 minute walk to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City entrance. It is 2 minutes walk to the Line 1 subway (Tiananmen East stop), and a 10 minute walk to the Wangfujing shopping street.Cabbies had no trouble finding it (the hotel will give you a card with directions in Chinese).Rooms were a bit small and had no bar fridge, but had 2-person shower, snazzy vessel sink, flat TVs with CNN (occasionally censored ;)), AC, free coffee and tea and 2 bottles of water a day.The beds were firm in a good way, and the linens immaculate.The hotel feels about 2 years old at most, the desk staff speak english, there is a currency changing machine and internet access in the lobby, the cafe has a great-but-pricey Western breakfast (we love Chinese food, but it's nice to have a familiar breakfast to start the day, no?)They arranged a car to take us to the airport for a decent price too.Book via the main Days Inn website, not hotels.com etc, as there is no savings. Note, though, that the maps on the website and most website like Venere are really wrong. It is north of the main East-west street with the subway line 1 under it (can't remember the name), just off Nanwanzey, to the east of Forbidden City. The maps show it as west, near a small lake, which is wrong. It is just around the corner from Raffles.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>asianms
<Content>Location! Location! Location! We stayed in a deluxe room from 10-15 March. We found the room to be very comfortable (though the bathroom had a smell). The staff were very accomodating- provided us with a powerboard wthat could be used for our DVD player, phone chargers etc; turned off the radiator which was making the room uncomfortably warm; extra towels/hangers ... For the price we paid (428RMB/nite), it was a real steal. There is a fabulous machine in the lobby that converted major currencies into RMB, so you don't worry about not having enough RMB. The rate I got for exchanging USD to RMB was current and very reasonable.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kiwiscanfly_8
<Content>Good Feel I have stayed in a lot of Days Inn in the States so I felt as it was my first trip to China i would stay somewhere familiar, it turned out to be a good decision I found the Inn to be modern and the rooms clean and tidy , the only small complaint was the bed was a bit on the hard side, also no fridge in the room, mind you with -10 outside placing food etc on the window sill did the job.The restaurant was good and the buffet breakfast had a good variety with bacon , chicken sausages, egg station , toast and muffins etc along with the standard Chinese food , the prices were good $10NZD, also you could buy filled bread rolls and sandwiches for $2.50NZD.Most of the reception staff spoke reasonable english and were happy to assit where ever possible.I had all of my dinners at a small local diner about 2 minutes walk away , it had a lot of locals eating there, the menu had photo,s of the meals and the waitress spoke a little english, had a plate of Pork ribs, plate of pork strips and peppers , bowl of Hot and Sour soup , 4 bottles of beer (500 ml) with a friend cost $14.00 NZD.Even though I had no time for sightseeing , the people I spoke to who were staying there said it was close to most of the major places to visit.All in all a very good visit and I will certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	4	

<Author>Serge77
<Content>Comfortable Stay!       ac  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>maj65
<Content>Great little motel Great little hotel the size of an Aussie motel. Quite clean though the bathrooms seemed a bit worn. Which was weird as the hotel is relatively new. At least one staff member will speak English and as female staying on my own I always felt safe. Small restaurant, make a decent coffee. The breakfasts are basic but filling and offer a mix of traditional chinese foods and western produce, Loved the dumplings. Location wise it is a 10 minute walk to the forbidden city and tianmen sq. It is also only a 10 minute walk to one of the large shopping malls and some still standing hutongs. The hotel provides address cards so there was never a problem catching a cab to and from the hotel unless of course the cab tried to not use the metre. Which by the way is illegal.It is a basic but clean hotel and if that is your expectation you won't be disappointed. The only area it could benefit in is in teaching more of the staff some english particularly as the olympics are just around the corner. And a small fridge in the room wouldn't go astray.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Jon_Doe78
<Content>Very enjoyable stay We have just returned from Beijing where we took ourselves and my mother to see the Great Wall of China. We visited over the Chinese New Year and decided to stay here based on value and its central location.The only negative point to make is in actually finding the hotel - Taxi drivers simply do not know it exists and even with the card given by the hotel difficulties still arise. By way of advice, I would suggest guests take a tourist map so they can clearly direct the driver.Aside from this, our stay was excellent. The rooms were faultless, warm and welcoming with temperatures reaching -10 degrees Celsius outside. Breakfast was perfectly good with a choice of eggs and a buffet of fruit and bacon, dim sum etc. The hotel bar was one of the cheapest places for a beer that we could find and the service always friendly although no real ambience. The staff were very helpful to the point that they even stood out in the cold to hail us a taxi on two occasions and even walked to the supermarket to fetch us a few beers when we arrived at 1am on New Years morning as it was too late to go out and the hotel bar had closed.Staff always greeted us with a smile and booked us a tour to the great wall which was excellent and recommended, although this may change with the seasons - There was just the three of us and one other in the minibus which was perfect.The front desk did come close to being pushy on a few occasions with tours and cars around town where commission was clearly at stake which is frustrating but not unusual.All in all a great 1st time visit to Beijing made better by a comfortable place to stay in a location that allowed us to see things quickly in the bitter cold before retreating to the warmth of our rooms. If visiting Beijing again, we would stay here without question and would recommend to others.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>hazaarulo
<Content>Excellent hotel, perfect location We stayed at Days Inn Forbidden City from 28th December 07 to 4th January 08. The Hotel should be rated better than 3* It's still has a brand new feel, exceptionally clean and provides good service. The breakfast buffet was very good with a good variety of cereals, cakes, fried vegetables, etc. The rooms are cosy, not large with nice and clean bathroom, LCD TV and huge double beds.The staff is very friendly and just can't do enough for you but they still need to get some experience as they all seem new to their jobs. Their language skills need some improvement too.The Hotel is at an exceptionally perfect location. Both Tiananmen Square and Forbidden City are 3-5 minutes walk away so is a busy shopping street with a huge mall with various international restaurants if you get tired of Chinese food.If I returned to Beijing at any time I would definitely book this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Mooks
<Content>Great hotel and fab location We really enjoyed our stay in this new hotel in December 2007. Its location is ideal for Tian'anmen Sq and the Forbidden City- possibly the closest hotel and a short walk from shopping zone and metro and taxi ride from pearl market,west train station and summer palace and was probably the best value hotel during our trip.Our room was bright,modern, simple, elegant and spotless with the most comfortable bed and best shower (separate cubicle and powerful shower unlike other hotels) we had during our tour. It was also quiet as the hotel is set around a courtyard set back from the street. The staff (especially Ricky Gao) were unfailingly polite, pleasant and helpful despite being very busy at times. They will arrange tours and trips but to save money I used lonely planet and they were very obliging in helping me to organise this by telephoning taxis,theatres etc and translating. They also suggested to us that other guests/fellow budget travellers were planning a trip to jinshanling so we might save more money in a people carrier taxi so we had great company, fun and an affordable trip to the more distant section of the Great Wall.The breakfast and room service are charged separately-annoying but this is the norm in China and the breakfast was very good. The hotel restaurant is good but so too is the independent restaurant across the courtyard. It doesn't have the menu in english (yet) but dont be put off I picked by pointing at pics and the food was delicious -way better than the well known and much more expensive restaurants nearby.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shtan
<Content>Value for money The room is adequately small and clean. The heater in the room is warm and comfortable in the cold weather, even the bathroom felt warm as there was a heater in the bathroom too. The deluxe room view on the 3rd floor was beautiful especially when it snowed on one of the mornings. The location of the hotel is extremely convenient - walking distance to the major attractions in the city. The room service of the hotel is quite efficient, as we had called up to request for adaptors for our handphone charges.We are very satisfied with our stay and will definitely come back to this hotel is we visit Beijing again.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>limehog
<Content>A Nice Small Hotel Stayed 4 nights in this newly opened hotel.The street name on the map from the hotel website is not correct. Most cab drivers dont know how to go to this place. Must tell the drivers that the hotel is at the back of BeijingHotel. Then look for the small yellow sign. Location of the hotelis good. 10 minutes walk to Grand Hyatt where there is a elegant shopping mall including supermarket Ole.Since the main entrance is inside an alley, need to walk to themain street to catch a cab (the walk is less than 1 minute). Or youmay ask hotel staffs to get you a cab.Front desk staffs speak good English and very freindly andhelpful.Room has basically everything except there is no mini fridge.Buffet breakfast does not have a lot of variety but it is OK for afew days stay. Like mist hotels in the big cities in China, two bottles of water provided each day free of charge.Will return to this hotel unless they are not doing the rapair andmaintenance work properly  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Full_of_surprises
<Content>Fantastic Cosy Little Hotel       Hotels on main street before turning into Days Inn  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>vanmei
<Content>good room, helpful staff We booked a deluxe room for 5 nights at Days Inn Forbidden City. The staff was very friendly and helpful -- they wrote down directions to various tourist sites, arranged taxi to the airport and made good suggestions for food and shows. The room was very clean and nicely furnished. We asked for a non smoking room and was given a room on the non smoking floor. There was an in room safe, hair dryer and heater/AC. 2 bottles of water were provided every morning. We would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SpinHK
<Content>good location but bad management The hotel is situated at a very good location. If it's the first time to Beijing, that's an excellent location. Although this hotel claimed under USA company's management, you will realise it's not true. The management style is very chinese and local. This hotel is new but you could see that they are not well managed. The room is small and not very clean. The view of the room is different and most of them are not very good. The breakfast was not good. You can just have a coffee and some bread. For budget travel, this hotel is acceptable.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	4	3	3	

<Author>lee79
<Content>Good 3 star hotel       Flat screen TV and working desk  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>SF49er
<Content>good  Good - great location, new, clean, modern bathroom, flat screen tv, coffee maker in room, nice linens, friendly manager, close to subway, close to Forbidden City, near nice park, small/ low rise building.Bad - no refrigerator, small room, no kleenex, no ice machine, only 4 hangers in tiny closet, little drawer space, only one chair, some rooms in basement!Standard rooms are good value for a couple of nights. Too uncomfortable for a longer stay.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>nzsq
<Content>Location Location and Location and a fine hotel too       Our room  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	1	

<Author>WorldTraveller5000
<Content>Courtyard hotel moments from the centre of everything !       Courtyard between the 2 hotel buildings  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	2	

