<Author>Schmanda1
<Content>Ellies Rocks! Our whole experience at Ellies was fantastic. It's so refreshing to come away and be looked after by such warming hosts as Caroline and David. They kept us busy with so many reccomendations of places to visit or chillax with drivers at our beck and call.Ellies itself is great value for money, it is has a cosy tropical feel with clean and comfortable rooms, nice pool and relaxing dining area where we soaked up breaktfast every morning with a smile.If you fancy a cheap cheeky getaway in Bali with all the trimmings then Ellies is the one!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>subashr
<Content>Ellie's is real tripping ...       Our favorite spot  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GeoffSingapore
<Content>Great Value for Money This was my second stay in three months. I am based in Singapore but family live in Sydney and this time brought my 21 year old daughter with me. Ellies must be the best value for money in Bali. If you want to save your money and spend it instead on restaurants and all the rest Bali has to offer then I can highly recommend this place.Very clean and tidy, nice pool and great hosts in Dave and Caroline who until recently ran a large hotel in the UK. Ellies has only seven rooms so most of the time you feel like this is your own private villa with your own staff. Breaksfast is great but on the down side no restaurant for lunch and dinner but great recommendations from the staff on where to go. Beach is about 10 minutes away and easy to get taxis or drivers organised by the hotel will get you there.Drinks and snacks are realy cheap so you save money there as well.I usually travel across Asia for business and stay in some of the best ( and expensive) hotels around but if you ask me this place is the best value you will find.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>finn11
<Content>Made our stay in Bali We did a tour of Bali and pretty much went all over. Ellies was a fantastic place to start and David and Caroline really set us up perfectly. We spent the first 2 nights here and it really did feel like a home away from home. It gave us a chance to get grounding in Bali, get a sense and feel of the place before we set off on our adventure. This is ideal because David can you really fill you in on the do's and don鈥檛s, what to see and where to go. This advice proved invaluable on a number of occasions and without it we would certainly not have had such a trouble free and totally enjoyable experience.David set us up with the moped hire, something I would certainly recommend to get about and see the most of the southern tip of Bali. Jimberan, Dreamlands, Ulu Watu, Kuta, Seminyak, all within easy reach on a moped and must see places to get a full experience of Bali. Ku De Ta bar in Seminyak is a particular recommendation for sunset drinks, trendy crowd and cool chill out music.. We had the bike for 5 days while exploring these areas then David also took care or organising the car hire for us. A cool little jeep took us up to Ubud and beyond and it really is the perfect way to see Bali and all its delights. Hiring the transport through Ellies really does give you the peace of mind you need too, hiring from locals directly I'm sure wouldn鈥檛 be a bad thing at all but it something goes wrong or there鈥檚 an issue of any sort then you can be rest assured that at least you have David or Caroline to help you in any matter, without them there鈥檚 always the possibility of communication problems or even being taken advantage of as a tourist. That鈥檚 what you get at Ellies, a perfect little guest house with a personal and friendly service you would be hard pressed to find anywhere else on the island. A great place to start any adventure from. Ellies rocks. Hope to see you both again soon.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>roundtravelers
<Content>Great value, friendly staff! A nice, smaller place, more akin to a bed-and-breakfast than a hotel. The managers, David and Caroline, are extremely friendly and helpful. They'll help you book trips and tours around the island and have a wealth of good information about things to see and places to eat. The staff, two Made's (a common name on the island), are also great guys.The rooms are decently sized and the mattress quality is about average for SE Asia. The air-conditioning takes a little while to cool the room, but once it does, you'll be comfortable. Unfortunately, we did have a problem with the shower water pressure in our room, but our friends in a neighboring room did not. Overall, very good value for the price.One thing to note: it will almost always be cheaper for you to grab a cab to places than to use the hotel's transportation. David and Caroline will always offer to use their transport, but are more than willing to call a cab if you just ask them. The only time you might want to use the hotel transportation is a day trip to multiple locations or non-touristy locations.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	2	

<Author>gotoofareasterner
<Content>Bali's best kept secret (not so secret)       They flowers on our bed and left a fruitbasket, nice touch for the honeymoon  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>melinamay
<Content>Just Like Home!!!!!!!! Caroline and David the hotel managers made us feel like we were at home!!! The hotel is beautiful with beautiful rooms and views and the staff are so beautiful we became very close to everyone at Ellie's and it was very sad to have to leave such a beautiful place with such beautiful people.Caroline and David are very passionate about Bali and Bali culture and they wish for everyone to love and enjoy Bali as much as they do. If this doesn't make for great managers i don't know what does!!It was nice to stay just a bit further out from the hustle and bustle and with Caroline and David always pointing us in the rite directions of where to shop, eat, and view we saved a lot of time and money......... just make sure you do listen to them and go to where they say otherwise you could end up spending a lot more money than intended!!! :)The breakfast menu is great, the pancakes are soooo lush and the fresh fruit juices are sooooo yummy!!!!!I Had the most beautiful holiday i have ever had being well looked after by all the staff at Ellie's and mostly enjoying their company!!!We are already planning our next trip to Bali and will definitely stay at Ellie's again!!!! YES!!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fredfremantle
<Content>Just the best Brilliant. Place to be in Bali. New Managers know exactly how to look after you. Nothing was too much trouble. Great rates. Great rooms and the best Breakfasts around. will definitely be returning  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bertandshaz
<Content>Pefect little hotel...a real taste of Bali We spent two weeks at Ellie's in September and loved it!! Caroline  David are perfect hosts; giving advice on restaurants and shopping, beaches to go to and anything else you may need, nothing is too much trouble. The staff are all wonderful and so is the breakfast. If you want a taste of real Bali then stay at Ellie's.PS If you stay there, make sure you look after Ed the dog - he likes white bread for breakfast and dinner!!!Rob  Sharon - Stockton, UK  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Blaquesmith
<Content>Great, cosy place Arrived at Ellie's way past midnight (due to flight delays) but was happy to find the promised transfer was waiting patiently at the airport with wet towels (thanks Gin).David (the hotel manager) was very friendly and helpful. Had trouble with the air-conditioning but was quickly rectified and David and his staff was always willing to accommodate us. David gave us great advice about Bali (what to see  do) and would definitely return. Do remember to try Baby Guling Ibu Oka at Ubud (world famous and was packed when we were there) and Angsa Putih's Bertutu (be forwarned... you need to book at least 24 hours in advance for the Bertutu because it takes 1 day to cook. I'd passed David the restaurant's number and it's only about 300m away from Ellie's).On a side note, we had a great driver named Ade who took care of us during our stay in Bali. Honest, friendly and very helpful guy who took us to all the great location (sights, shopping  food) and would help guide you to reputable shops, restaurants and tour operators to save you money. Accompanied us throughout the trip and even took the time out to send us off to the airport (although he had a packed day). Give him a call at +62 81 246 365 22 or e-mail him at adebalitour@yahoo.com (heads up - he can only check his e-mail once every 3 days). Overall, a great guide and was very, very reasonable (cheaper than normal rates. Sorry David). Will definitely stay at Ellie's again and use Ade as our driver. You won't regret it.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jbtraveler00750
<Content>Great place, good Value great breakfasts       the pool to relax in  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>thepastrychefs
<Content>ellie's is wonderfull!!! ellie's is wonderfull-the managers-the staff-the rooms-the break-fast........the price!david caroline are really helpfull and friendly right from the hart.we stayed 4 weeks in bali,the first week and the last in ellie's.It was like coming home in alittle family with all lovely guests.Since we are a trip for 1 year wehave to watch the budget.This 鈧?5-room breakfast included wasthe best so far.they help you with taxi's,scooter or car,restaurants,nice beaches,..by the way,the new belgian restaurant 'manneke pis' in Seminyakis worth a visit-very good value for money-just like ellie'sJUST DON'T HESITATEdanyjorgenrestaurateursbrugesbelgium  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rob1889
<Content>Well worth a visit I booked Ellies as a last resort. I found out four hours from leaving UK that my room at The Ayodya had not been reserved. I phoned Ellies and Dave reserved me a room over the phone.I have stayed at most of the 5* hotels in Nusa Dua so was a bit aprehensive of staying in somwhere not of that standard.5* it is not, but drinks in the mini bar were at supermarket prices, service superb, the rooms clean, tidy and private. each breakfast made to order and a small but well serviced pool.All rooms are non smoking but who wants to smoke in the room when you have a balcony overlooking the sea. Dave and Caroline are in love with their job and it shows. About 50% of customers were revisiting and this speaks for itself. i for one will save my $$$ and stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	3	5	4	5	2	

<Author>GloberoamerCt
<Content>Charming Guest house       Evening view from our room at Ellie's  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Tony24Sydney
<Content>Hated the experience We booked Ellies Nusa Dua based on reviews from other travellers. Being my 1st time to Bali, I was looking forward to a beautiful hotel, with the renowned King bed, Tea/Coffee in room and air conditioning to compensate the heat  humidity!When we booked we were told there were in room safes, Ocean views, Huge King Beds  excellent air cond! What a mistake! We were misled! We arrived Midnight after a 7 hr flight to find an Australian Double size bed to which I had 12 inches of leg hanging over the end of the bed, air conditioning which operated as a fan with very little cool air! A bathroom which we had to keep the door closed, to try and stop the vial stench from coming into the bedroom area, which was a health hazard, to say the very least.No tea/coffee making facilities in room and Ocean views in the morning, to which i required binoculars to find!The most disappointing Hotel I have ever stayed in and would not recommend it to any traveller, let alone my dog! We stay 1 night out of 18 nights booked. Stay clear of this one!!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>Jake_028
<Content>Not what we had wished for, But Manager very helpful. Well what can i say? We had read all the reviews on trip adviser and Ellies sounded great, was cheap and small, just Perfect-not quite..We arrived on a midnight flight, It was my partners first o/s trip and wanted it to be as good as you would expect. We were very disappointed to say the least when we arrived on the website Ellies claimed a 72 sq ft room, I think this may be the total floor space per level!! Not per room. We were told there were Safes in our room and when we arrived there were never any at any time.(we were misled by Van the previous manager)I had corresponded with the manager (Van has since left)at Ellies for some time before we made the booking. He had deliberately given us false information on what facilities in our room as well as the size of the bed.As my partner is 6'4 we where told the bed were of king size, It was actually double not even queen. The air conditioning was not working properly.There was no hot water in the bathroom and that was not as bad as the stench coming from the bathroomThe staff (particularly the new manager David) was very friendly and helpful with understanding our situation, And he told us there were a few things to be ironed out and apologized for the inconvenience caused. David even helped with finding more suitable accommodation for us.The owner of the hotel was in Bahrain at the time and unavailable to speak to but was available on e-mail. we had planned a stay of 20 nights in which we paid half of our accommodation as deposit,We where refunded part of this. We enjoyed the rest of our visit to Bali but I would not return to Ellies. We had to find 3 different places to stay because of this inconvenience.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	3	3	3	

<Author>Lowbrowsurfshop
<Content>Love Ellies My partner and I stayed at Ellies for 3 weeks in Sept 2008, Ellies is a small but lovely traditional hotel, Lovely spacious rooms which are kept immaculate everyday by ellies staff, lovely breakfast area with a great menu, i recomend the French toast and Pancakes for all the sweet tooths out there, lovely surroundings pool ect and amazing views from the roof terrace sunset etc which also has a bar and nice seating area and where you can also have a massage arranged by the hotel when ever you desire. The staff are all very helpful and friendly and without the hotel mangers Dave and Caroline we wouldnt have had the fantastic experiance which we had, with there good advice and tips we experianced the real bali. My partner and I are both surfers and i recomend that you hire a car which Dave and Caroline can arrange for you at very good prices, it helps you to check out the best surf breaks in Bali. Ellies is in a good position in our opinion only being a 10-15 mins drive from Uluwatu, padang padang, impssibles and dreamlands and about a 20min drive to Kuta/legian, changhu and sanur. If its your first time to Bali ask Dave for our old maps. You wont be dissapointed with Ellies, we are already planning to come back next year. Thanks again for the trip of a life time. See you soon.Nat and Tony.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Aussiebums
<Content>Exquisite Ellies Amazing!!! That is the best word to describe this hotel and more importantly its staff!!! My partner and I stayed at Ellies two years ago and were so impressed that we wanted to go back again to enjoy this quiet haven but our expectations have been exceeded this time around!! We were greeted at the airport with a warm smile and the care and attention that you would only get from family! The English couple that are now running the hotel couldn鈥檛 have made us feel more welcome, they advised us on the local hot spots and even took us out to some beautiful restaurants that only the locals would know of and we discovered a whole new part of the island because of them! The Balinese style d茅cor and rooms are immaculately clean and there is a real atmosphere in Ellies that you do not get in larger chain hotels, which I can only contribute to the new management. We are already in the process of booking our next trip and counting down the days!!! Lynette and Jack Gray (Australia)  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ed-The-Dog
<Content>Perfect Boutique Hotel Don't bother wasting your money at the 5 star hotels down the road... Ellie's is the little boutique hotel for people in the know. I came to Bali for a wedding with friends who stayed at the big hotels on Nusa Dua Beach. When they came to Ellie's for drinks one evening they couldn't believe how good the hotel was for such a small price tag, and all vowed to stay there next time...David and Caroline are the perfect hosts who gave me the inside track from day one...I ate and drank at the best places, went on the best tours and avoided the sometimes crazy prices doing so. They and their staff couldn't have been more friendly if they tried. You need to stay at Ellie's if your going to Bali. Even if you insist on staying at a 5 star hotel you really need to sqeeze in a couple of nights in here first. The honest advice you'll get will change your holiday, and save you a great deal of time and money...in short, you'd have to be a crazy to stay anywhere else!See their website and facebook page for pics.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>aweller
<Content>Great hospitality and a good price Having just returned from a trip to Bali, I wanted to thank the staff at Ellie's for a memorable stay (for all the right reasons!). From the moment I checked in, I felt at home. Room (spotlessly clean) and breakfast was way over what you would expect for the money. Advice given on restaurants, beaches, local places of interest, car hire etc was really helpful. As much as this place isn't located 'in the thick of it' the team at Ellie's will give you all the tools and advice to ensure that you have the best time in Bali possible. Plus, travelling as a single woman, it's really good to know you have hotel staff looking out for you and pointing you in the right (read that as 'safe') direction.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>yamanote
<Content>Ellies - Great People, Too Many Bugs At about USD50/night its one of the great bargains on Bali. The management and staff are very friendly and welcoming. The hotel is adequate for accommodation, but does not have the full range of services available at a usual resort property. The rooms are a bit scruffy, but ok.We were unable to deal with the cockroaches. The presence of a roach motel in the room is always a bad sign. We found cockroaches in the bathroom, bedroom and finally in the bed. That was too much-it was us or the roaches. The roaches won......it's true, you get what you pay for.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>A_welli
<Content>an unforgetable experience We stayed at Ellies in the summer, the staff were wonderful and very helpful, especially the manager Van, who was always on hand to answer queries and recommend the excellent hidden gems of this indonesian island. The rooms are neat, stylish and very well kept. The relaxed atmosphere at Ellies was excellent, we were made to feel really at home. Overall we would highly recommend ellies to anybody traveling to bali.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>chillymilly
<Content>charming! Have just returned from spending 10 days in Bali - 7 of which we stayed at Ellie's. This place is fantastic! Van is really the ultimate host, so warm and welcoming. He is also very entertaining! Nothing is a problem. Made, the assistant manager is gracious and wonderful - we are still trying to figure out a way to smuggle him home........The rooms are lovely, spacious and comfortable. Ellie's has a great outlook over Benoa Harbour which is expecially beautiful at sunset. Breakfast is delicious and the staff are gorgeous! Highly recommended for those after a unique Bali experience.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>irishangel2008
<Content>Had a Blast I stayed at Ellies for the second time in 2007 in December and was here for Christmas. My first stay of 2 weeks in April 2007 was so good I was dying to come back and see the wonderful staff....the manager Van is brilliant at organising tours, dinners drinks, whatever you need is not a problem. He organised a big Christmas dinner for all the Christmas guests at La Lucciola....it was quite a task and he handled it really well....15 people..transport and everything else...I love Ellies the staff are really amazing and the hotel is small and initmate so it feels like being at home....I am coming back again for a week in April.,...need I say more....It really is a fantastic place...try it out you'll love it!!!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Traveller17HongKong
<Content>Fell below my expectations Hits and misses of the guesthouse.Hits: Service by Van and the breakfast ladies were great. The place was more like a gathering of friends than anything else. Van also adjusted the room charges for us after realizing the mixed up with regards to our booking.Misses: Booking system needs improvement. They got our booking confused and ended up being over-booked. Due to this, we had to stay in a smaller room for a night and were left stranded at the airport for a good 1 hour before the security guard (who doesnt speak English) came to pick us up. We were also charged an exorbitant amount at the airport just to seek help from a local internet kiosk to assist us to contact the guesthouse. This was a big dampener to the start of our vacation. Secondly, there is no complimentary mineral water in the room for guests. We were parched from our flight and were shocked to realize that the hotel does not provide complimentary mineral water. And as it was really late (1.30am) and we were tired from the delay, we did not dare venture out in seek of water. There was also no flask for us to boil water and we didnt feel it was safe to drink from the tap directly. The TV doesn't work. Yes, it does come along with a DVD player but other than that, none of the channels seemed to be working. There is no hair-dryer in the room. The website says they provide but when I got there, I realized they only have 1 hairdryer that is being shared by all hotel guests. Why? Cos the electricity supply in Indonesia is very errectic and the hairdryer always results in blackouts. The airconditioner was also mal-functioning. Although we on it at full blast, it felt quite warm and humid throughout the night. Hence, I had to sleep in a lower grade room with my hair wet and feeling thirsty and sweaty for the 1st nite. It was NOT a good feeling and both of didnt have a good rest at all. All in all, it fell short of my expectations but looking at the price we paid, I guess it could have been worse. Just a word of advice, if you do intend to us their driver service, pls ensure you get your figures right. Due to the language barrier, it could result in miscommunication. And also, try to stay more than 6 nights. Cos they only provide 1 complimentary airport transfer for every 3 nights' stay. Or you could end up paying 100,000 rupiah for the 15mins drive to the airport, which in my opinion is a waste of good money.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>SawaAmsterdam
<Content>Great hospitality       view from room terracerestauant  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dasin
<Content>Pretty, clean, and friendly       Roof terrace  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BrightonDude
<Content>Paradise - Quite Literally!!! Where to start....We went out to Bali for two reasons, 1: After visiting Thailand on a seperate occasion I wanted to compare, and 2: it had been reccomended by so many friends (both Bali and Ellies) and we weren't disapointed.From the moment we were picked up at the airport with a cold water and a warm smile I felt relaxed and at ease. The charismatic Van was friendly, polite and welcoming, making us feel right at home. Ellies is a stunning guest house set in the right location to make all the area's you want to visit accessible. It is large enough to accomodate in comfort and style more guests than there are rooms, but small enough to make it personal. the pool was a favourite of both my wife and I for those lazy mornings and midnight swims. The dining area is simple, eloquent and stylish with a well stocked bar. The icing on the cake though has to be the roof terrace, with stunning panoramic views (especially at sunset), comfy seating and a nice little bar and sound system for the perfect evening in.Bali is beautiful, but even more so when you know where to look and what to do, and this is what Van and his assistant Made make available for you. Name it and they will make it so (within reason obviously!!) massages, scooters, drivers, guides to beach's, shops, restaurants, bars, temples, waterfalls, full day out tours and activities, where to go to get your essentials, tattoo's (I reccomend), and general do's  don'ts (which are always nice to know, but sometimes so hard to find out), if they aren't busy they will even take you out themselves.My wife and I went for two weeks and could have stayed indefinitely, enjoying every day we had there to its most, and if we ever had a query, we knew who to ask. It was almost like the full concierge service some of the top whack resorts offer, without having to pay through the nose for it. And what made it so special is that you actually get the feeling they care.Our second to last night was our 3 year wedding anniversary and Van took the initiative and book La Luciola (i doubt that is spelt correctly) which is one of the most exclusive restaurants on the island, which was a perfect way to finish our stay there, and a lovely surprise (for my wife).We both sincerely reccomend to anyone travelling to Bali, on any budget, to stay there for a couple of nights - i'd be very surprised if you were disapointed. ps. Just about to book another two weeks out there again in April next year.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DeirdreMG
<Content>Give it a try.... When going to Bali I was torn between the large hotel chains in Nusa gated community  Ellie's, after reading some reviews I decided that Ellie's was worth a look. The review Roy wrote in June sold it to me!I kept my expectations low - keeping in mind that the hotel is not on the beach but went there with an open mind鈥?I have to say I was very pleasantly surprised by Ellie's. I have to repeat the other reviewers and praise Van. He definitely made our stay magical. We listened to his recommendations  he guided us in the right direction. Here were some of his hot tips: 鈥he beaches 鈥?Genga and Dreamlands were lovely. Genga (probably spelt wrong!) for swimming and Dreamlands to watch the surfers and sunbathe.鈥ood - The Marina (near the hotel) for very cheap and tasty local fare 鈥rink - KU DE TA 鈥?try the pink Mojito鈥檚 at sunset. It鈥檚 not cheap by Bali standards but well worth it. The cocktails are lovely and the setting  atmosphere are amazing.鈥ight seeing - Uluwatu Temple. Be warned though the monkeys are evil!!!The hotel itself is small and very well kept. The d茅cor and attention to detail is excellent and the breakfast is yummy. Initially I thought that the hotel would be perfect if it was nearer the beach, but to be honest I think that it would lose part of its charm. The hotel staff makes an extra effort with you (maybe to compensate for the location) and for me this far outweighs having a beach on my doorstep.I would recommend this hotel and stay there again! It could not be more different that a cooperate big hotel! I鈥檓 very glad we chose to stay in Ellie鈥檚 and have lovely memories of our time there. Thanks Van!!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	2	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>TanMat
<Content>Excellent service, very helpful staff, but ho-hum location       Lovely Balinese Statues in the hotel  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JosetteDublin
<Content>Such a wonderful discovery!! I have just spent four wonderful days at Ellies!! I must admit I was having reservations about going to South Bali as I had experienced Sanur for one night (that was enough...)and had just returned from the peace and quiet of Gili Meno. How wrong I was!! From the moment I arrived I knew it was my kind of hotel. Van the General Manager was so helpful and kind. He showed us places of interest and of course beaches I never knew could exist there. His recommendations of local bars and dining were excellent. Each evening was just perfect.I am so so pleased I stayed in Ellies. Although it is situated off the main tourist area this just adds to its attraction. Its peaceful and delightful but only 10 mins drive from the beach and 20 mins to Kuta.I will return here again next year!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ToHeJo
<Content>An Absolute Pleasure!!! Ellie's is a great place to stay with a fabulous small team of staff who are friendly and helpful all of the time. Van the English manager goes out of his way to make sure you have everything you want from your holiday. The hotel is small and private. It feels safe and really is a home from home! Pleasant surroundings and friendly faces always. The two Balinese ladies who cook breakfasts and clean the hotel are treasures. They keep the place immaculate and are so happy to help! The breakfasts are great with plenty of choice. Although Van does not offer lunch or dinner he always goes out of his way to give the best service he can to his guests, he even picked up a meal from a local restaurant the first night for us because we had jet lag and really didn't want to go out. One day we decided to stay around the pool and Van cooked us all great bacon sandwiches for lunch! Nothing is too much trouble.If you want to experience a massage in one of the most beautiful surroundings in the world, here is the place to have it, on Ellie's roof top terrace with the most breathtaking view! The hotel is off the beaten track but Van and his team offer forms of transport, we hired a driver recommended by Van this enabled us to see parts of Bali that we would not have seen on tour buses etc., Our driver Gin made our holiday extra special with his local knowledge and fascinating facts about Bali, he truly became our friend and we will miss him. Made the assistant manager is also extremely helpful he dropped my family off at Geger beach and picked them up, as I have said previously nothing is too much trouble. On a personal note Made made the best gin and tonics I have ever had!!! We hope to return to Ellie's in the future to do it all again!!!!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>senseidesu
<Content>quaint, comfortable, and very friendly!       temple (uluwatu?) from gengar beach  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>davegodden
<Content>Your will never want to leave (we nearly did'nt!!) Well where do we start, arrived at Airport and met by Ellie's hotel driver, chilled face towel's and cold bottles of water a smat air-con car just what the doctor ordered after a long flight and not that you except from a Hotel that only costs around 拢20 a night. We where orignally only staying for 3 nights. The Hotels is only about ten mimutes from the Airport and Van the dynamic and charming hotel manager is there to greet you. The Hotel is set back from the busy main road and you would expect to suffer from traffic noise but far from it, as you enter the small hotel the tranquilaty of Ellie's takes over. All rooms are smartly furnished with tv/dvd player etc and very clean, you will be checking your room rate because you can't believe that its so cheap, there's a good size swiming pool and the views from the roof terrace out to sea are beautiful, our first big tip is to get Van to to arrange a massage by Wayan on the roof terrace as the sun is setting. It will leaving you feeling amazing!! and is the best way to get you relaxed after your journey.Ellie's is layed back and relaxed, breakfast is served when YOU are ready for it, none of this 7.30 till 9am business have a lay in get up and have breakfast at 12 if you like its not a problem, in fact nothing is a problem at ellie's. Van and his staff go above and beyond the call and duty to insure that your stay is just perfect. You need anything and Van the man will do his upmost to provide or arrange for you, together with his assistant Made' there knowledge of Bali where to go, what to see, how to get there and much you should be paying etc etc is priceless and will ensure you have the best time in Bali and see the things you what to. Take the plunge and hire a scooter, Van will arrange this for you for about 拢3 a day he will even go with you on your first run to ensure that your ok. But if the scooter seems a bit to much he'll arrange a jeep hire for you. Never in all our years of travel staying in hotels from no star to five star have we ever come across a manager who puts so much effort into making your stay so perfect, and his efforts are given to you with the sort of genuine feeling you would get from a friend that you have known for years, who you would quote to others as  Oh Van he would do anything for anybody As stated at the begining of this review our origanal stay was planned for just 3 nights out of our 7 in Bali, but like the pervious reviewer we ended up stay longer a lot longer infact, we cancelled our ongoing travel plans to Thailand and stayed in Bali for Three Weeks instead! I seriously have to worn you that once you have stayed here you really wont want to leave. We did stay at another hotel in Bali for 4 nights because we had booked it back in the uk, but returning to Ellie's was just like coming home. Forget the Hyatt's and the Hiltons because they really are not in the same league as little Ellie's. Finally the effect on us from our visit to Bali and our stay at Ellie's, has resulted in us returning back to the UK to start making the life changing arrangments to sell up and go back for good. Now that has to say somthing would you not aggree?  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>R0y
<Content>Elegant, charming, fun, chilled, great staff - stay here!!! I planned to stay here for 2 nights, came back and ended up there for 8 days in all. Van, the hip Londoner who runs it, is incredibly helpful and friendly - helped by the fact there are only 8 rooms so he and the staff can and want to make the stay easy and fun. It has the feeling of a small private club built round a pool and covered in flowers. Dont come here if you want an industrial beach side hotel, if you're independent, want to rent a bike or jeep and see the island, this is the perfect place to use as a base. I spent 3 weeks on Bali in all,. stayed in some amazing hotels (many far far more expensive than Ellie's) and my best memories will come from staying here. Chill out with a drink from the bar, plug in your iPod on the roof terrace and watch the sunset - its like coming home for the evening to a house that you wish you owned! - enjoy.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mazworldtraveller
<Content>Personal and very well managed! We stayed at Ellies for 1 night recently and really enjoyed it.As a lot of reviewers have mentioned, it is tucked away - not the most happening place in Bali- and if this was the only place we stayed at in Bali, I would have been a bit disappointed. However what it lacks in location it makes up for it in extremely attentive and knowledgeable staff.It is brilliant value too. Food was fantastic, simple and delicious.I would definitely recommend it!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JonnyTunbridgeWells
<Content>Great value and fantastic staff Location was as others stated, tucked away and although some shops and restaurants are around they are more 鈥渓ocal鈥?and very basic. You need to go to the tourist resorts (a few miles away) to have a choice of restaurants and shopping. This place is in a residential area although taxis are cheap!The hotel itself is great value for money with fantastic staff and the rooms are modern, clean and adequate. The breakfast was fantastic and the pool although small, was lovely. I would recommend this hotel is you want a small, very reasonably priced hotel with great staff.My only real disappointment was the lack of a restaurant here and the only alcohol available was beer! They would be more than happy for you to order a take away from the various menus they have at reception and have this delivered. For me if they had a selection of drinks and fresh snacks available from their own kitchen then this would be much better.AT the end of the day you get what you pay for, and this place is fantastic value for money!  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	2	4	4	5	3	

<Author>CLD0404
<Content>Fair, but not convenient I read all the raving reviews about Ellie's and booked my weekend there. While the hotel itself is nice enough - clean rooms, pretty grounds, I felt a little mislead about the location. In actuality, it is located in the middle of a residential area, crammed in between 2 homes. There is no mountain/hill view that I could tell, and the water view is of the pool. You can see the water from the top level balcony, but it looks to be about a mile away. I had envisioned something set back from the beach, kind of secluded.And I never met that Van guy several people referred to.....The front desk was helpful organizing a day driver for me, and that is what I could recommend. With the random location of the hotel, I was concerned a regular taxi would not know how to find the place. Location is not near Kuta, which is more touristy and fun. I am sorry I didn't stay in Kuta -- you can walk to restaurants, shops and beaches from hotels in Kuta.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	1	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>shooby5
<Content>A Truly Magnificent Place I just got back from a weeks stay at Ellie's hotel. I have been to Bali three times before, and this hotel was by far the best that I have stayed on the island. Van and his staff were very nice, at the airport our driver Gin was waiting for us with chilled water and towels. The hotel is a quiet and peaceful residential area of Nusa Dua, and I think it offers a location that is peaceful and quiet, yet only 10 - 15 minutes from the hustle and bustle of Kuta by car (should you want it!). The rooms are great, decorated in a minimalist and modern style, lovely wooden beds and wardrobes. Included is a delicious cooked breakfast every morning. The staff did not fail to go out of their way time and time again to ensure that needs were met. From taking us to the day spa for a massage, or making sure the pile of beach towels that were waiting for us before we left for our days out - Van and his team was always on hand to ensure that our needs were met. Highly recommended 鈥?I will be going back!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stillrecovering
<Content>a hidden gem! Absolutely loved every minute of my stay at Ellie's - can't wait to go back... great pool, great rooms, great breakfast, great view from the roof terrace and wonderful staff who make you feel so at home you won't want to leave... Don't be put off that it isn't right on the beach... it costs nothing to get a cab and means you make the effort to explore some of the better beaches on the island rather than sticking to the main tourist trails... I can't recommend Ellie's highly enough!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mikoyagi
<Content>Very Nice, very happy, will return... Very happy with Ellies, all the reviews were spot on.Good location - central to Kuta, Nusa Dua and Ulawatu. Great view from the balcony and our son loved the pool. We loved to decor, size (we don't care for large hotels or club med), friendly service, style and ambiance. Thanks Sam and we look forward to returning.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jeica8
<Content>very nice! i liked the hotel very much!! my flight arrived around midnight and was lil bit worried aboutif the driver from ellie's would be there or not.but he was waiting for me at the airport with a wet towel and abottle of water..i got to the hotel.. it's really small. but it's very clean and peacefulif you just want to relax wit only $40 a night.. i definatelyrecommend this hoteland the spa they recommened was one of the besti been to in bali.. i been to about 10 different spas butthe price and massage was just excellent. very cheap and clean also..plus the breakkie i had at ellie's was just lovely lovely!!!!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	2	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>rajasthan
<Content>Excellent! I stayed at Ellie's for two nights in September, after staying in Ubud for 8 days. The service and hospitality was great and Sam who runs the hotel was very helpful with recommending a Spa for a massage.The rooms are very clean and comfortable. I will definitely stay at Ellie's when I visit Bali in the near future.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DSESHAMANI
<Content>Loved our stay! My boyfriend and I stayed at Ellie's Bali this August and we were absolutely bowled over by Sam and Lucy's hospitality, the comfortable rooms and the breakfasts! I have to say that it is the best value for money hotel I have been in and is relaxed in a way not many hotels are. The views from the rooms are great at having a drink on the roof is a treat. Sam's local knowledge was fantastic and we had great recommendations from them for places to eat, get a massage (on the beach) and generally have a good time. I would recommend Ellie's to anyone...it's chic, good value and very relaxed!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lilspax
<Content>Absolutely Great! Ellie's Hotel is as wonderful as its other reviews indicate. For the price, you absolutely cannot do better! The rooms are comfortable, very clean, and nicely (if sparsely) decorated with new furnishings. The bathroom is also quite comfortable and clean. The breakfast (which is included) is excellent, and drinks or just chit chat on the veranda by the very clean swimming pool is lovely. The young British couple who own and operate the hotel are very nice and friendly, and it's definitely worth the extra few dollars to enjoy the ocean views, which are beautiful. We were there for two nights of our honeymoon, and we'd readily recommend this hotel to anyone without hesitation.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>happyQ
<Content>Loved Ellie's!       Breakfast Menu  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>t-puk
<Content>5 Stars and thumbs up! Stayed here as the first stop of my in Bali, and all I can say is Ellie's is a damn good deal. From just USD40, you get a spacious (really HUGE!) and fully equiped modern room (with or without balcony), with a splendid bathroom stocked with home-made toiletries. Included is a decent breakfast, return transfers, dvd library that comes with Extras and Little Britain, and last but not least, Sam's excellent hospitality.One thing that impressed me most: On the day of our departure, Jean the contracted driver who was supposed to send us to Kuta was working, so Sam arranged and paid for a taxi transfer. I don't usually expect this level of service from an inn, but Sam remains committed to his guests so that's brilliant.Although the location of the inn may not be beach front, or right smack in a 'hip' area, but its a short journey to everywhere. With Sam's recommendation, we went on a 5 hour trip to Gerger beach (damn gorgeous beach with minimal sunbathers), Uluwatu for sunset, and Jimbaran beach for dinner, all for just Rp270,000 in Jean's super comfortable leather upholstered land rover. Fyi, Jean is Ellie's contracted driver, a down-to-earth honest guide, and he stays next door.I'm glad I chose Ellie's over Westin and Conrad, as it was a good opportunity to experience balinese hospitality minus the absurb touristy expenses. Although we only stayed for a night, it was certainly memorable and I can't wait to be back. Sam and Lucy: Congratulations on your upcoming wedding! Best wishes from Singapore!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ConnyMunich_Germany
<Content>special place As co-owner of a travel agency my husband and I travel a lot. During our recent visit to Bali we stayed at 9 hotels. Ellies belongs definetely to the best. The rooms are beautiful furnished, the shower georgeous, stunning views from the terrace and the balconies, nice and special breakfast menue. Close to Jimbaran, Uluwatu, Tanjung Benoa or Nusa Dua. But what makes this place really special is the personal care of Lucy and Sam. Their tips for special restaurants and beaches are great. We will be back for sure.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>laffer
<Content>Don't miss this one Being a budget-minded traveller, I chose this place for my 4 day trip to Bali. The hotel is a old 3-story concrete building, fewer than 10 rooms. It's up a steep hill on a small alley way, surrounded by residential houses. Each room is beautifully decorated in a very modern decor. Cosy, clean and functional, no more no less. Quiet and peaceful at night. A small swimming pool is nestled within a lovely courtyard over-filled with lush tropical shrubs and trees. Next to it, a relaxed, casual open-air dining room. If you didn't get a sea-facing room (or chose not to get one), no worries, easily head up the hotel's public roof terrace and enjoy the spectacular 360 view of the harbour, ocean, and surrounding green hills dotted with red-roofed Balinese houses. The view itself is worth staying at this hotel.Breakfast is served each morning, you have a choice of 4 to 5 items, excellent food. Lunch is also available for extra, although I did not try. Dinner is not normally provided but can be arranged.Just steps outside the hotel, on the Ngurah Rai bypass, you can flag down a blue bemo (mini-bus) going north that takes you directly to Kuta in about 30 minutes (drop off point at Bemo corner). You shouldn't be paying more than 10,000 rupiah for this trip. Check with driver before getting on. If you're amateur like me, get on first, then ask how much when you get off, likely to pay a little more than you should. Some drivers will take advantage of you. Coming back, little tricky to figure where to get off exactly, as there aren't very visible landmarks. After 2-3 tries you should get the hang of it. Take a taxi if in doubt, costs around 40,000 rph, 10 min travel. Highly recommended. Don't miss this one. [---]  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Baliaddict
<Content>One of the best hotels in Bali If you are looking for a gorgeous boutique hotel away from the huge 5 star hotels in Nusa Dua, this has to be your choice. We stayed there for 5 days when we arrived in Bali and nothing could compare to it. So after travelling around Bali for 3 weeks we had to return to Ellies before we left.The couple who run the hotel are the BEST - Sam and Lucy cannot do enough for you. They are on hand with top tips for eating, where to visit and anything else you need to know. Bali has always been my favourite holiday destination but after finding Ellies i just want to return now!.Rooms are stunning, beds are amazing, food is fantastic and the view from the roof terrace is outstanding.Well done to Lucy,Sam,Ketut, Made and Wayan for making Ellies paradise.PS If you go - get them to book you a table at Di Mare at Karma in Jimbaran. This is the best food i have ever eaten. Forget top London restuarants this place is totally totally exqusite.Enjoy!  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SammoW
<Content>The perfect retreat without the price tag Just got back from a trip to Bali and I just had to write to let people know about the fantastic hotel I discovered. Started off in Kuta, hotel was ok but didn't like being in the centre of the hustle and bustle. Got speaking to somebody in a bar on the second night and told them this and they recommended a hotel that a friend of theirs had just opened in Nusa Dua, and god am I glad they did!The Hotel is stunning, only eight rooms so extremely small and friendly. It has been taken over by an English family who have renovated it throughout, in a style that I could only call 'understated elegance'.The room was beautiful, with lovely dark furniture, crisp white sheets, Tv and Dvd with access to an immense Dvd library, fridge , Ac, they even have their own hand made bathroom products! Everything you would expect from a hotel in a much higher price bracket.There is a beautiful pool, small cafe serving breakfast and lunch (the french toast is to die for!). The real clincher for the place though is the stunning roof terrace that they have turned into an amazing bar. The views are spectacular and minutes seem to blend into hours as you sit and take it all in.The owners are great, full of handy advice about the local area, where to go, eat etc. They really did make it all so easy. Anyway I think I may have started to gush a little, I make no excuses, as a regular traveller to many parts of the globe, finding these gems becomes something that just needs to be shared. Anyway not sure of their web address, type ellies Bali into a search engine and I am sure it will come up, you never know we may bump into eachother there I have found somewhere that I definitely want to be known as a regular!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>philippe_france
<Content>Mon s茅jour 脿 l'hotel Ellie's 脿 Bali   showReview(8359428, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

