<Author>hotelfanaticHK
<Content>The RP is alright! I heard about the Royal Plaza through TripAdvisor and picked it as my hotel of choice when booking my vacation through Zuji. Arriving at the hotel, just walking across the wonderfully-designed lobby made me feel like royalty. Check-in was very efficient and I was in my room with my bags in under 10 minutes. The property is ideally located on Scotts Roads, running perpendicular to Orchard Road, the shopping mecca of Singapore. There are many outlets and restaurants in the area, so you won't ever run out of places to shop or eat. Carousel, the restaurant in the lobby, arguably has one of the best halal buffets ever (the Sultan of Brunei owns this hotel and the Hyatt across the road). As for rooms, I was booked into a Superior. The room was minimally appointed, but the bathroom was nice and the bed was comfortable. There was a strange stench in the mini-bar, which was due to spilled milk and coffee that had not been cleaned before my arrival. The desk chair was also very uncomfortable due to an uneven seat. When I entered the room, the toilet seat was loose, so I had maintenance fix that immediately.All in all, it is a comfortable hotel, but I'm just a little picky about the quality of the rooms I stay in. Highly recommended =)  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jeyaraj
<Content>Ideal Location       Lobby View (Royal Plaza on Scotts)  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	2	2	4	

<Author>RyanColombo
<Content>A shining beacon of politeness for the rest of Singapore Stayed here for 4 nights with my wife, 2 year old daughter, 9 month old son. We arrived at the hotel at 7 am and was immediately given a room, What a relief! The service at this hotel is excellent, the staff are extremely courteous and friendly. The Hotel was well geard to handle the needs of the children, the only down side (if any) was that they did not have a kids pool. This was my 7th visit to Singapore this year and this hotel is certainly better then every other hotel I stayed at, Even the Hilton.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>LittleYarYar
<Content>Good Location  We booked Royal Plaza on Scotts based on the reviews on this site and agree with what has been said: good location, clean rooms and free drinks from the mini bar. The standard inclusions in the mini bar include 2 cans of Tiger Beer, 1 Coke, 1 Diet Coke, 1 Milo, 1 OJ and 2 bottles of water.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>catherinalove
<Content>Loved this hotel great hotel. not on orchard road, but a few steps away from it-- near enough to be almost part of orchard road, but distant enough to avoid excessive noise.we went on a december when orchard road was all lighted up and very pretty. near the hotel, there is a 24-hour mccafe if you get tired of local cuisine or need something familiar. orchard road is full of malls and shopping is good. the mrt is also very near, which is ideal and very convenient.the room was very nice. we got a club room. the bathroom was very modernly fitted and very nice--one of the nicest i've experienced so far. you can watch tv from the spacious tub while you're soaking. the toiletries are also complete and well packaged.sheets are very soft and bed comfortable. plus, the minibar, which is restocked daily with softdrinks, juices, water and beer, is free!the breakfast buffet is complete with both western and local food. choices were abundant. you can get samplings of singaporean food there. there is also a vegetarian menu.the bar and the musical entertainment is also nice. downside is that the entire hotel is non-smoking. but then, most of singapore have strict smoking policies.i love this hotel and would come back.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>Wayne-Gemma
<Content>Great location and a fab start to the honeymoon! We stayed at the Royal Plaza as a stopover on the first night of our honeymoon. The location is great, right on the corner of Orchard Rd, the main shopping street, and easy access to whereever else you need to go.Highlights:- Fantastic breakfast including chinese delicacies (we'd recommend paying a bit more for a Royal Club room so this is included) - Free interenet access- Very friendly staff, who recommended we went to the Newton Hawker Centre for food, which was excellentOnly slight downside was the free cocktails (as they didn't really know how to make cocktails, so the most exotic we got was vodka and orange!!)Overall a great hotel which we'd definitely recommend.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TravFiend
<Content>Great hotel The hotel is located off Orchard Rd (main shopping strip), which means if you're into shopping, then it's an awesome location. We found the Orchard Rd area terribly congested and tedious to maneuver around as a result (probably tolerable had the climate been less hot and humid). The hotel itself is well appointed and bed is extremely comfortable. Gym is small with 2 treadmills and a smattering of other equipments.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	5	

<Author>u07ch
<Content>had a good weeks stay This is a well loctated hotel if you are in town to shop as its close to the main shopping centres. If you are in town for work there are possibly better hotels for you - though the north-south mrt station is about 10 minutes walk away (in 34c heat.) Conveniently outside was a Starbucks if you want something better than the nescafe they provide in the room though the hotel has a rather nice looking coffee shop too.There were two issues that let my stay down; before i get to them the most important things with a singapore hotel (for me anyway): the bed was really comfortable, the shower was great and the air conditioning worked really well (though the controls are baffling all red and green lights.) Its a hotel well designed for business travelers with power sockets on the top of a large desk and internet access is included with the room rate. There were 3 easily accessibly power sockets in the room; one by the desk, one under the large tv and one under the bedside table. The first downside of my stay was that the internet access was terribly slow even something like uploading a couple of photos to flickr repeatedly failed; and the wireless disappeared completely for the last two days of my stay.The biggest upset was when i dropped something under the bed and had to look under it. There was room service food, pills and general mess which suggests that the cleanliness was more about appearance than substance. That surprised me because to that point I was impressed - the mains even folded my clothes into tidy piles when i left them on top of the desk chair.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	5	1	4	2	2	

<Author>MrSang
<Content>Excellent Location An excellent hotel in a great location. Very close to shops, MRT and there is a bus stop right outside the hotel which is great when you have been on your feet all day.Service at the hotel was excellent - breakfast was great with a wide selection to suit all.Rooms were nice and cleanRestaurants around the hotel were not that great the best food is in the China town and Little India area (very cheap) - easily accessible by Bus or on the MRT. We ate at a great veggie restaurant in China Town called Veg Deli which had the best food we ate in Singapore.Went to Raffles Hotel for a Singapore Sling which I think is over hyped - most people drank the cocktail, ate a few peanuts took some photos and left - so lacking in atmosphere.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JulzE
<Content>A good choice We were looking for a nice, well located place to stay to break our journey home from Paris. The hotel definitely lived up to its promise of luxury and charm. The staff were very friendly and our check in was friendly, fast and seamless. And we had been upgraded to a suite. So the only shame was that we were only here one night for a stopover. The grand bedroom, spacious living room, enormous bathroom with huge bath and separate shower - I could have moved in. We overlooked the pool which was inviting but we didn't get to use it during our short stay. The location is good, on Scott St and a short walk to Orchard Rd. It was Orchard Road that was a little disappointing this visit since it is being redeveloped. This work is meant to be finished Feb 09 but until its completed its a bit messy and hectic.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>atheniancat
<Content>Great hotel but it can be a hit and miss! I travel to Singapore many atimes and only once stayed at another hotelI will give its pluses first, before giving the negativeThis year (2008) I stayed there 3 times in the space of the first 6 months of the year. (I travel Tiger Air - from Perth to Singapore I find deals for about 300 return inc taxes - as an aside I love travelling Tiger, small planes but very efficent ground service)Overall, I am very happy with the Hotel. Location is great - mostly why I stay here.Not much else I can say on that matter. But top stars!Food is well we usually only have breakfast, but highly recommend it, although sometimse it can be very busy especially on the weekendHeat bar is nice to sit over the window stools and enjoy the world passing by. Go for happy hour.But the best singapore sling is at the Marriott near by. The have a highest alcohol level! Its our tradion to have one there before we leave singapore. (And so much cheaper than the Long Bar at the RAffles - but you must go to the Raffles fro one singapore sling at least once! T^he High Tea at the Royal Plaza is good, but we usually have only gone to the Raffles High tea. The rooms are clean and tidy. The house keepers very friendly when we pass them at the corridorThe concierges are excellent. I have never had a problem with any requests I may have. Eg carrying my bags, calling for taxis or whateverSadly its the front desk staff that always let me down.At all times that i have stayed there, I have had a battle with my checkins. I have to brace myself to approach them. (eg I was travelling wtih my elderly mum, we arrvied late at night and I had emailed them earlier to ensure that we were going to have triple share, so please have a bed ready. They said they would, they even quoted me triple share rate. But wehn wearrived - no third bed was ready and we had to wait for a bed to be made up for us. We told them we were going to come again the following weeknd very late at night and please have athird bed ready! But when we arrived - no triple bed was ready nor a notation to that request!! (I had told the concierge and the front desk staff the previous week but to no avail)The front desk tend to not have any friendliness about themApart form the front desk staff, everything is faultlessAlthough, now we dont include breakfast, nice as it is. We like to eat out like a local. The breakfasts are so good, you eat too much to go out and about to eat outside.Having said all this, we have booked ourselves in the hotel again, when we go to Singapore mid January next year (2009)I am mostly curious as to how the front desk will take us!!!!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	1	5	4	

<Author>carrache
<Content>Nice Place Wow, this hotel is a top notch place. I felt comfortable and well taken care of when staying here. Of course, being a top notch place you are paying for it all. Honestly I don't know if I could afford to return, but if I found a good deal I would certainly make this place my first choice in the Orchard Road area.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>grover71
<Content>Nice but overrated Stayed four nights. Problems at check in, they hadn't included our ten year old and wanted to charge an additional SD70 per night for a trundle bed. Lucky we had printed ALL email conversations. ***Make sure you take all email conversations!!!*** In the end they said they wouldn't charge us for the extra bed this time.Room was tidy and well decorated. Free minibar was not stocked with beer, had to ask for it. Was not used much anyway so was not real advantage, as it only consisted of 4 cans per day. Coke, Diet Coke, Tiger, Milo.The main advantage of this hotel is the enormous and very high quality breakfast. Usually SD32 a person if not included in the room price. However, food is very cheap and easily obtainable just a few steps in any direction out the door of the hotel. The problem with the breakfast is that we ate so much that we were not that hungry to eat all the other beautiful food available in Singapore - Hiannese Chicken Rice, Satay, etc etc etc.So overall, if the breakfast is the best thing about this hotel, you are better off saving your money and getting something a little cheaper, as this is a VERY expensive hotel for what it offers.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>WaikikiMan
<Content>Nice Hotel We have stayed at the Royal Plaza twice this year, one night in July and two nights Oct 14/16. We have booked each time with through the Amex promotion (inluding breakfast, free internet, etc) and this is probably one of the best deals in Singapore for a four star hotel. On our last visit, we arrived at 1am from the US and the hotel upgraded us for two nights to a full suite with separate bedroom, a really nice set of rooms. Lastly, the buffet breakfast in the lobby restaurant has always been very full but a good movement of people and large selection of food in the serving areas. I would recommend this hotel for the value, good quality meals and very nice rooms.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>gt1955
<Content>The absolute experience ! I spend over 70 nights a year on business travel and I have rarely been so impressed ! From check-in to check-out I experienced superlative services and exceptionally competent and friendly staff.The location is perfect for shopping,business as well as food and entertainment. The overall experience far outclasses the major 5 star chains...No question about it,RP has got it right.It's worth the upgrade to Club Level !  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>fatboyonadiet
<Content>Treated like royalty       The Lobby at night  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sheba31
<Content>Enjoyable stay Booked 2 nights via their website for Premier (room only) and we were upgraded to the Royal Club floor - presumably bigger room, with buffet breakfast for 2 thrown in. Receptionist was very efficient, friendly and informative. Prompted us for our flight details for departure and recommended that we book a taxi for our early morning pick-up. Checkout was a breeze.Room decor is contemporary but I think the hallway to the rooms is getting a little tired. Have to bear in mind that this is a refurbished building. Bed was comfortable and blockout curtains a Godsend. Walls are a bit thin - I could hear people walking/talking in the hallway outside. Flatscreen tv, free wi-fi.Complimentary drinks in the mini bar is a nice touch but don't get too excited as it isn't stocked to the brim - 2 beers, 2 cans of softdrink, juice and water, restocked everyday. In-house restaurant, Carousel, is reknown for their sumptious high tea buffets on the weekends so do try. We did not get a chance to but it comes highly recommended from our local but the breakfast buffet had a nice spread.Great location. On the corner of Scotts and Orchard so you have the shopping and MRT station at your doorstep. Isetan shopping centre is next door with a grocery store if you need anything else. Heaps of fastfood restaurants nearby - some even 24 hours.Concierge was helpful in booking an early morning taxi for our departure.Rate a little expensive but it is hard to find a cheaper hotel without compromising location and rating.Would stay again if the rates don't creep up.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ctandsn
<Content>Over-rated After reading some of the reviews for the royal plaza, I decided to book it for my family and I for three nights. I was quite disappointed. For a four star hotel, there wasn't even anybody to come out to help us with our luggage when we arrived until everything was moved out from our bus (and for a family of 8, we had 15 luggages/bags to move out). The check in service was time consuming as the service lady had to write down EIGHT sheets of registration form, and she didn't have a very welcoming personally-- no smiles, no 'have a good night', no can I help you with anything else, nothing-- it was strict business with checking us in and off we go. the people at the check in counter aren't very helpful with tourisy questions as well. we had one room that was suppose to fit two adults and two child (one four year old, the other nine), i ordered a double bed room but it turned out to be a single person, very tiny twin beds. so i had to add an extra bed for $70 (SGD) each night. the room overall was just mediocare although the beds are comfy. the bathroom was stocked with exactly two bath towel , ONE shampoo bottle, and ONE body gel bottle. the refrigerator was stocked with two bottles, one orange juice, one coke and two tiger beers--all complimentary. internet was free also. the location is conveniently close to the MRT and busy shopping areas and restaurants. Overall, the stay wasn't work the the amount of money i paid. this hotel is more of a 3 star to me as far as it's facilities and services, not the 4-5 star that it claims. i could have stayed at better hotels for the money that I had paid. I will not stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Cardiff2
<Content>Superb staff - excellent stay This is an hotel we'd have no hesitation in recommending. It's great.It is located right alongside the Orchard Road shopping area, looks very classy as soon as you step inside - but above all the staff were excellent. They were super-helpful and pleasant. Nothing was too much trouble.The rooms are average sized and well appointed, with quality fixtures  bathroom. There's no view, of course, being in the middle of a bustling city - but we didn't expect one.The hotel has a business centre, where they helped me out with a laptop problem. Also, there was none of this pay-for-wifi nonsense. It was free, as it should be.They were very accommodating about our late check-out.We can't comment on the restaurant, as we never used it - but it looked good.So if you are looking for a fairly-priced hotel in a good spot you could do much worse than the Royal Plaza. It is excellent.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ally11
<Content>Good Hotel Great hotel, recently refurbished and very good value for money.The Saturday afternoon buffet looked excellent value, but we didn鈥檛 get chance to eat there as we already had dinner arranged for the evening. It seemed hugely popular though, so book ahead if you want a table. The metro is very close and there鈥檚 a taxi rank outside the front door with priority given to hotel customers. It鈥檚 also surrounded by bars, restaurants and shopping malls. New ton Circus Hawker Market is within walking distance (about 1 mile), which is great fun.Be wary of getting a connecting room, the noise travels between the doors. We asked to move because it felt almost like the crying baby next door was in our room.The pool area is quite small but pleasant and nice to relax after a busy day sightseeing.Very good quality for the money.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Awarnach
<Content>Simply Amazing, Top Class Hotel We booked 3 nights here on our holiday in singapore. What a top class brilliant hotel, everything was superb from checkin to checkout. On arrival we never had to touch our bags from the moment we arrived in the taxi, checkin staff were extremely polite, welcoming and helpful, we got a free upgrade to a suite!. Our suite room was spectacular, 5 star luxury, spacious with seperate living area. Huge shower and bathroom, plenty of room to move about. This hotel was the best, can't wait to goto singapore to stay here again. The only disadvantage is the food at the hotel restaurants is extremely expensive, room service aswell, which is no problem since you are located in the middle of town and have dozens of restaurants at your fingertips!. Wonderful experience!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Andy123Northampton
<Content>Great location, nice hotel We arrived at the hotel a little after 9am Sunday morning, not really expecting to be able to check in. Not only could we in fact check in, we were upgraded to a club room thanks to us joining 鈥業 prefer鈥?before we left the UK. The room itself was great, nice comfortable bed, large flat screen TV, nice bathroom facilities and it was clean and quiet. The view from the room wasn鈥檛 great, but since we didn鈥檛 plan to spend much time there that was OK. There was also a very convenient in room safe.The club lounge was very good, free drinks and snacks-cheese, bread, cakes etc as well as a few hot items. (As well as breakfast there if you wanted it) also free internet access. Breakfast was very extensive (we ate in the Carousel restaurant downstairs), lots of choices such as cereals, fruit, toast and an egg station, lots of cooked stuff too. You could easily set yourself up for the day here-we had read a few reviews about overcrowding etc but we saw none of this, there were always lots of tables available, maybe it was a quiet time.The location of the Royal Plaza is excellent, just off the northern end of Orchard Road, with lots of restaurants around the area. The subway was just over the street, very clean and cheapThe staff in the hotel were always very friendly and helpful, and the hotel is very highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dalton1skiing
<Content>Great location, small rooms We stayed 1 week as it was the only accomodation we could find. Our holiday coincided with the first ever Formula 1 in Singapore when hotel prices went through the roof. Although we had a terrific holiday, this hotel was not my 1st choise, actually my 5th, but the others were booked out for the F1. The outside is unimpressive and looks nothing like a hotel. Right next to a DFS deparment store which looked grander. The entrance area looks impressive, but has no baring on the rooms appearance or rest of the hotel. Reception was efficient  had our booking, all went smoothly. The entire hotel is smoke free. It must also be owned by Muslims as the menus had only 'turkey ham' and 'beef bacon'. There is also a Qaran in the bedside desk. Other than these, there were no other obvious indicators that is was owned/run by muslims.  The room was smaller than expected. We got the standard (i think they call it the deluxe!) which doesnt include the free mini-bar and breakfast. That was an option when booking, but the added amount to have breakfast included was ridiculous. When we checked in, we were given the option again of adding breakfast each day at $28 singapore dollars +++. The +++ adds an extra 17% to the total bill for tax and service charge. You cant just have it 1 or 2 days of the breakfast, you must have it the entire stay. If you only want a few days breakfast there, its $32 +++. I do love the all you can eat style breakfast, but I certainly dont eat $37 worth. Esp when nearby local food halls have terrific food for $3! I had forgoten how expensive Singapore is when compared to say Thailand or Malaysia. Our room had 2 large (almost double sized) twin beds with very comfy, thick mattresses and extra long pillows. A large, flat screen TV and small fridge. Hairdryer, safe, iron and ironing board and plenty of mirrors including a full length one. The bathroom was very small too with just a shower. There was a normal sized shower head, and an absolutely enormous one too. Hot water was no problem. We occasionally could hear a door closing nearby, but never heard noise, tv or voices from either neighbouring rooms. The reading lights actually face down from the roof so blind your eyes. Very uncomfortable to read with. The TV has several English channels including 2 movie channels, several sports, BBC, CNN, Discovery, a few in Mandarin, 1 french, 1 Italian, 1 German, 1 from Brunei and a few from Malaysia.  There was an adaptor for free internet, although we didnt bring out lap tops. Also a multi-plug adaptor fitted into the wall which was handy. I dont think any of the rooms have a particularity good view. We could see Scotts road by peering out. The windows didnt open and there is no balcony. There is a kettle with tea/coffee facilities of sorts. 2 tea bags, 2 sachets of coffee, 2 sugar sachets and only 1 mini-milk sachet in the fridge. The milk was only topped up on the 4th day and the others bits randomly. I had bought a small carton of milk at a 7 eleven by that stage. They also supplied 2x 600ml water bottles, but again these were random and not supplied every day like I suspect they are supposed to be. They weren't there initially and only turned up on day 2. The room was kept very clean whilst there. Sheets and towels changed when requested. Staff were always curtious, helpful and smiled. There is a buisiness lounge on the 2nd floor. Reception advised us (on day 5 of our stay!) that we were entiltled to 15mins free internet useage each. I ended up using it several times and was told that as long as no one was waiting, I could stay on using it and not restricted to just 15mins. The location of the hotel is very good. 2mins to orchard road  the MRT. Lots of local restaurants and shops to choose from. Room service and restaurant prices were terrible though. The pool was small for a so called 5 star hotel and the surrounding decked area became very full during the day. We requested late check out as our flight wasnt till 9pm. This wasnt granted, even though we offered to pay extra. (Due to the F1 booking out the hotel). We were able to shower in the pool showers, but this had no chair in the shower area,  not any room to relax and wait. We were told that they were considering adding some sort of comfort area for this in the future, as other customers had complained. When or if such a room will be provided, who knows. I woud stay there again if the room prices were good, but there are more reasonably priced hotels which include breakfast and have better facilities in the vicinity.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MadSci
<Content>Good Location       Our room, 1223  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>teqp
<Content>Very nice place to stay and close to Orchard Road. This is our first stop for our Singapore/Indonesia trip. After a LONG 18 hour flight from Los Angeles (transit at Taipei), we arrived at Singapore. We only stayed there for one night before heading to our Indonesia diving/snorkeling trip. We were both tired and just wanted to check-in the hotel and rest. We told the receptionist that we want a quiet room and were given an upgrade to their deluxe room with see-through window connecting the bathroom and bedroom. The room is nice with all the 4 star hotel amenities (plasma TV, 320-thread-count Egyptian cotton comforter), but the real standout is the free mini-bar and nice bathtub with separate shower. My girlfriend enjoyed her bubble bath especially after a long flight. The bath tub is decent size, and you can watch TV from the tub (through see-through glass), but can鈥檛 hear it too well or change the channel because the TV is not in the bathroom. If you want some privacy in the bathroom, no problem, there is a blind you can pull down in the bathroom to cover the glass. The separate shower is decent size too, you have plenty of room in the shower (compared to Hilton, which is a separate report), and the best is the huge overhead shower head. It鈥檚 the size of basketball which has really good water pressure too (very relaxing after a long flight). The free mini bar consists of roughly 10 bottles of drinks (2 tiger bears, 2 water, 2 juices, coke, diet coke, Milo), sorry memory is fading, should鈥檝e taken a picture of it. It is a very nice touch and most hotels would probably charge you $30 for all those drinks. Oh, forgot to mention, you can use their computer at business center for free the first 15 minutes. The only thing I don鈥檛 like about Royal Plaza is they charge you $5.20 Singapore dollars for advance booking a taxi for you. Our flight next morning was at 9:25am, so we need a taxi 7am in the morning and was afraid that we couldn鈥檛 get a taxi that early in the morning if we don鈥檛 book in advance. But I think you can just call the concierge early in the morning and have them call a taxi for you, and that鈥檚 free of charge. For the price we paid for on expedia.com: $150 including tax, we would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>dan55
<Content>Average, not great Lovely foyer  location hides an average hotel.On the whole, this place wasn't really that bad. However, a combination of a lot of little things put us off going back. Have a read of my pluses/minuses and see what you think.Good things about the hotel1. Location is awesome: Close to MRT (subway), major shops, food, taxi2. The free broadband was excellent. Fast, low latency. I was using the supplied Ethernet cable which I would recommend over wireless.3. The taxi guy out the front was good.4. 'What can I do for you' service was OK, fairly prompt when requesting ice.5. The king size bed was super comfy (pillows were not heaven for me or my wife).6. Was upgraded to the Deluxe Corner room which is slightly larger than Deluxe (thank you for that).Bad things about the hotel1. Fair is fair, the free minibar is actually free, no catches when it comes to paying.However, there is still a catch!A normal minibar depending where you stay would contain:2 to 8 snacks4 to 10 mini spirit bottles2 to 4 juices2 to 6 beers (usually 2-3 different types)This absolutely free minibar contains: 0 Snacks0 mini spirit bottles2 juices2 small cans of Tiger beerAltogether that is about 8 SGD worth of drinks. It is NOT false advertising, but definitely deceptive.2. To top off the free mini-bar being a dud, it wasn't even stocked consistently. I drank my juice the first two days and was then hooked on having a nice morning juice, the next 7 days after that it was never restocked. Poor.3. The lighting in the room we stayed in (Deluxe Corner) was poor, they need reading lights so you can set the mood for reading/tv/etc. You turn on the overhead bed lights are you blinded by giant Halogen floodlights.4. Let's face it, even though you don't go on holiday to watch TV, sometimes you end up watching it while you wait for a place to open or while relaxing in the room.Free to air offerings were fine. Pay movies were non-existent even though we wanted to watch something.5. Hotel has those giant 'king sized' pillows. I asked for foam instead, they took two goes for them to bring something that was actually foam. Still huge, however sufficient to let me and my wife to get some sleep. Could have been a better experience.6. Shower, we didn't enjoy, needle spray, needs a shower curtain or door, water went all over the floor.7. An ice machine would be nice so I don't have to call up when I run out, proper drinking glasses rather than toothbrush holder glasses also.8. The maid forgot to give us a spare toilet roll on more than one occasion (we did run out and had to phone them).9. Room service isn't just expensive like most hotels, it is insanely expensive. Especially for Singapore where you can get a nice meal from a hawker centre for $3.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	5	

<Author>miltonmao
<Content>Doesn't deserve Tripadvisor rating How is it possible for this former Holiday Inn to be rated so highly on Tripadvisor? I have stayed in hundred of hotels around Asia and although it is not appalling, it is unimpressive. I stayed here on 3 occasions in one trip (the rooms were paid in advance, otherwise I would have cancelled after the first stay). The lobby is impressive, if that鈥檚 important to you. The rooms are refurbished, but there鈥檚 no getting away from the small size, about the size of a 3 star in Hong Kong and frankly smaller than anywhere I鈥檝e stayed in KL, Singapore, Tokyo, Jakarta, Seoul etc. The bathroom was about 2metres by 1.5 metres and all night long we were kept awake by construction noise. A previous Tripadvisor complemented the hotel on their toiletries. Seriously you could buy better at a $2 discount store. Finally the concierge staff are the laziest in Asia, far more interested in gossiping than helping with the bags. On each of the 3 occasions I had to lug my own bags up the stairs before someone reluctantly agreed to take it to our room. Note, there is no ramp from where you get off the taxi. I guess if you need to be on Orchard then the location is good but I鈥檓 finding it hard to be positive about this place.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Expectation123
<Content>Fine Place I stayed at Royal Plaza on Scotts recently.It's a good solution for the business traveller. The rooms are excellent and have the added bonus of FREE internet access unlike many of the big providers.Highly impressed by initative shown by staff who left a spare pillowcase cover when they saw the ironing board left out- that's customer focus!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	5	

<Author>holidayloverAdelaide
<Content>Great hotel,excellent service i have just returned from a 5 day stay in singapore and stayed at Royal Plaza on Scotts. Great location close to shops, MTR, eating places. Hotel was excellent room good Was a little disappointed there was no bath but the large shower rose made up for this.Staff friendly service excellent . Buffet breakfast one of the best i have had. Evening buffet also highly rated. I was in Singapore for my birthday and this was noted by the staff member who looked at our passports when we checked in. On my birthday we arrived back in our room having been our for dinner and a birthday cake with candle and a card was waiting for me. was thrilled!! Such a nice gesture. I'll certainly be back for another stay in the future  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ITIK-ITIK
<Content>A hotel who go the extra mile. We stayed at the RP last Friday night on the last night of our 4 wk travels around Singapore  Malaysia.We picked the hotel due to location  good reviews on TA.The rating I would have given would have been very good as it is a lovely hotel in a excellent location with extremely comfy beds  pleasant staff.However, they now get an A1 gold star rating from us due to going the extra mile for us.When checking in at the airport, my husband realised that he had left his reading glasses at the hotel  even with a flight delay, we would not have time to go  retrieve them ourselves.I rang the hotel, explained the situation  the excellent housekeeping staff found his glasses  put them in a taxi to us at the airport.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone  would happily stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>YagaTanzania
<Content>Great location, great service, super lunch buffet and room service Great location, great service, quick check-in and out. Very friendly staff. Comfortable and elegent rooms. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>papeetee
<Content>Nothing special and overpriced We stayed there for 2 nights. The hotel itself is ok, our room was a bit small and had no view at al (parking house). The bathroom was quite small too. Overall it's a bit overpriced in my opinion. There was one really annoying thing though, we took the room without breakfast and wanted to buy it additionally over there already. We wanted it only during one day. During checkin we were told it was no problem but at checkout we were charged for breakfast for 2 days, while we requested only one. That was the reason why we booked the hotel without breakfast in first place, because we knew that we were leaving very early in the morning on the second day. The staff wasn't very friendly while dealing with this problem. We were just told it wasn't possible to take breakfast for one day and not the second day, which is one of the most stupid things you can hear after booking a room without breakfast. It is a minor thing but ended up being really annoying.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	4	2	3	

<Author>tei1988
<Content>Would go back. Stayed at the RP for 6 nights: was back in Singapore to attend a reunion and visit family. Location was my primary reason: it's close to all the activity of Orchard Road, but also just outside the restricted zone of Orchard Road (i.e. the restricted zone taxes vehicles at certain times which will affect taxi prices).Staff were friendly and helpful. I stayed on the 8th floor; no view, but I didn't need it. Room was of a decent size. My king size bed was actually two twins put together, and I could feel the dent between the two. But since I was there alone, this wasn't an issue.Pool and gym are open at a 6.00am: all of us suffering from jetlag were there. Pool is small but refreshing. Gym's treadmills had tv screens on them, which was a novelty for me!RP is within walking distance to the trains (MRT) and buses. Starbucks is just outside, to your right. Shopping is everywhere! If you want to give local food a go, head towards Wisma Atria (big blue building, to your right on Orchard Road). There's a food court on the 4th floor at reasonable prices called The Food Republic.RP is also known for its High Tea on weekends, and the locals will line up for it.The room was clean but it wasn't pristine. I had no complaints though, and overall: would go back for the price offered. A good value.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Sophie_Spain
<Content>Good value for money - but not a dream experience Stayed 3 nights at the Royal Plaza on Scotts in July, as part of our honeymoon.Location is fantastic, cannot be better located in Singapore.Service is OK, pero nothing special against Asian standards. Booked a Club/ executive room, was given a room on floor 13, not big at all for a superior room, no fancy decoration, not very luxurious in general. Bathroom was new and very clean (also pretty small). The views from the rooms are not good, be prepared. Minibar is free.Executive room have access to the lounge on floor 15, good food and beverages and nice atmosphere.Breakfast in the ground floor is a disaster, too many people, hot food is served cold, not a nice experience in general, would not recommend it.Tough policy with late check-outs. However let us do a late check-out because hotel was not full, which was a very appreciated detail. Also had a couple of other details for our honeymoon.With regard to transportation, do not use the hotel airport limousine, it costs 85 SGD whereas a normal limousine costs about 30 and is perfectly fine.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Irdina
<Content>Royal Plaza is perfect for me! We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights during the weekend. Check-in was fast. Service, food  facilities were good. The staff were friendly  really helpful. In fact, Mr Ali at the concierge, did help us to book the ticket for ducktours! Overall, we really enjoyed our stay at Royal Plaza.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>cluntks
<Content>Panach茅 First of all, I think it's a brilliant location if you indulge in shopping and having amnities right at your doorstep - which was my case since I was only in Singapore for the weekend and did not want to lose too much time in transport.We had a normal room with shower, facing the DFS store - no direct exposure though hope!). The room was good, nice size, comfortable bed, and a big desk for working if needed.The front dresk staff was all right. The young lady at check in was lovely and very helpful. However the one we had to deal with at check out could've been less expeditive and smilier - Service doesn't end at check out pls. The wifi connection worked well, with the odd hiccups; the free mini bar was a nice touch; there's a starbucks and a 24h mc donalds two steps away from the lobby.... it would be great if they could change the toiletries in the bathroom (shampoo, shower gel) with better quality ones.Overall I'm quite pleased with our stay. A bit of mixed feelings with the front desk staff though, and might consider other hotels I've stayed at previously when I pop by Singapore again.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	-1	4	

<Author>hydepark
<Content>Loved the Upgrade       outside the hotel  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>SueinNZ
<Content>Not so positive about the plaza I chose this hotel for my Singapore stay as the location seemed good (near Orchard Road) and there was a possibility of a reasonably-priced club room, with a lounge offering free internet access. I'm not sure if I made the right decision on either count. Firstly, I think I was wrong about the location- Singapore tourist life seems to be moving nearer to the harbour nowadays and so, if you wanted to do anything, you had to take the MRT or a taxi. Secondly, I have mixed feelings about the club room. On the plus side- the view was fine, despite what previous reviewers have said; the room was a decent size and there were very good in-room amenities; the club lounge offered a good breakfast and even afternoon tea, which was impressive on the one occasion I could try it. On the negative side- I had chosen a club room specifically so that I would be able to check in to my flight at 10.55pm, the 24 hours advance notice that BA seems to need if you are going to get a decent seat. When I turned up at the lounge at 10.45pm, I was immediately told somewhat curtly by no fewer than two members of staff that they were about to close-even though no mention of a closing time had been made earlier. I enquired further and found that the lounge in fact shut at 11pm. When I said that I would be finished and out by then, this did not seem to go down well. I was as good as my word and left by 11pm but the episode left a bad taste. I said as much in my customer survey. When the Duty manager wanted to see me after I had checked out, I thought that it might be to express some regret for the previous night. Not at all- it was to ask me if I had taken a bath robe, as house keeping had reported one missing fron my room! (I had assumed that I was meant to have only been given one robe, as I was staying on my own). As you can imagine, the various benefits which I've mentioned above don't quite make up for the feeling that I was given of being a) an inconvenience and b) a thief!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>murray_maccoll
<Content>Can't fault it We were returning to Australia from the UK and decided to stop over in Singapore for three days to do some exploration. With a three year old and a six month old my wife and I were desperate to ensure that the hotel we stayed at was set up for the unique requirements of a family eg fridge for baby food, friendly and understanding staff, cots etc. At the Royal Plaza on Scotts we found everything we needed and more.The staff were outstanding and very friendly. The room was very spacious and they provided a real cot as opposed to a travel cot for our youngest child. The room was very clean and the food at breakfast was perfect for fussy little ones. The pool was a great way to cool off after a muggy day of shopping and exploring and my daughter loved it. What's more we never once felt like having children was an inconvenience to either the other guests or the staff.The location is ideal for access to Orchard road and the bus that goes directly to the Singapore Zoo (highly recommended) stops right outside twice a day. If we ever find ourselves back in Singapore for even the shortest stay we will definitely be returning to the Royal Plaza on Scotts.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>spaghetti1
<Content>What a result! We came here for 2 nights at the start of our honeymoon (we stayed in Raffles for the 3rd night). What a great hotel! I had booked a deluxe-club room, but upon arival was informed that as it was our honeymoon and the room was free.......we were being upgraded to their Presidential Suite. This has made me completely biased about them and I cannot say a bad word about this hotel or their staff!!! In all seriousness it is a great location for all of the Orchard Road sights; and only a short cab ride from the marina area. The cistomer service was fantastic and the breakfasts are really good too. A really clean, well kept hotel with good modern decor. Custoner service is what you would expect from Singapore and everything is dealt with with a big smile. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Londoner_8
<Content>Nice location for shopping Nice location next to Orchard Road (Shops, Shops, Shops!)Free Wi-Fi and free mini-bar which they replace each day. Faultless hotel and would definitely consider staying there again.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>DelarySimpson
<Content>Where is Rhein? I returned to Royal Plaza on Scotts thinking of the same service I had last January when I was in Singapore. But apparently, i was disappointed to know that one of your staff or manager already resigned.I think i remember his name, Rhein. He was indeed an asset to your hotel. For my latest stay, just plain. Nothing extraordinary.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>water_lili_88
<Content>Fantastic hotel in great location I stayed in this hotel for two days. Booked a deluxe room and was upgraded to Premier room. Although the view is not great (facing car park), this is true of Singapore city hotels generally. The hotel service was fantastic. The free internet and free minibar (only offered drinks, no snacks) is also a plus. However, at times the internet connection kept on dropping out.The location is great, a few minutes walk to MTR station and Orchard Road shopping. Across the road is the Hyatt which has a pretty good restaurant serving hawker style food. Nearby is also Food Republic food court which has a wide offering. The room was not very big but the amenities were great. Housekeeping service is very efficient. The bathroom has a shower with a seat and a separate bath. From the bathroom there is a large clear window into the bedroom. The pool was great. There is no spa but there is a sauna. The ambience at reception was really good, in the afternoon the piano is played.A great experience overall.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>loan
<Content>very nice hotel       contemporary counter  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TW_Travel
<Content>Great location Thought the Royal Plaza was a good hotel but the thing that stood out was the location - close to Orchard Rd and the local tube which is incredibly efficient. My room was good but looking out onto the side of the neigbouring buildng - maybe you get better view if you pay more for a room that is higher up - mine was on the 5th floor. Gym and pool was both pretty good. Quite small but I never found either of them crowded - having said that, the weather was pretty overcast when I was there so probably explains why the pool was quiet. All in all pretty good and I got quite a good deal booking through Lastminue.com  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>devineelle
<Content>Great place, great price Just come back form a four night stay at Royal plaza on Scotts.Location 鈥?the location is perfect, it鈥檚 very central and great if you like to shop. It鈥檚 about a 5 min walk to the tube station. There are shopping malls, shops, places to eat as soon as you step out of the hotel lobby.Rooms 鈥?for the first two nights we stayed on the 11th floor, the room was nice but did not have a bath. That was not an issue. The room was very clean and drinks were free in the mini bar.The bed was a good size and comfortable.Stayed in a club room for the next tow nights and the room was more or less the same with a larger bath room that consisted of a bath tub.Price 鈥?very good for location, the hotel is located infront of the hyatt and about 陆 the price.Staff 鈥?the staff were friendly and helpful. Check-in/out 鈥?did not have any issues with check in, would advise you to check your booking and see what it includes prior to check in as we were initially told that the room rate did not include breakfast/meal but then told it was by another member of staff.Room service 鈥?breakfast was 25 mins late and cold on arrival.Hotel restaurant 鈥?wow, had dinner there one night, buffet鈥︹€resh lobster, crab, sushi, roast meats, Thai food, Italian food, Indonesian dishes鈥?.the list goes on. Could not fault it what so ever. For the price that you pay (150 SGD for two people), the quality was great. Just as good as an a la cart menu.Breakfast, was nice, nothing special really.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>North_Queenslander
<Content>Excellent Stay       Standard Room  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JamesVki
<Content>Nice and Great Value Stayed at this property for a few nights while in Singapore on business, it is in a great location just off Orchard Road across the road from the Hilton. I got a reasonable rate from there website it was there Bed Breakfast and broadband in a club room. The free internet access was a Big plus for any Hotel and is a nice touch, also they have a Free drink bar in your room, it only has 4 or 5 soft drinks and 2 beers but all the same its great. The room has been renovated and was nice but are on the small side, LCD TV and great marble bathroom with great shower was really nice. If I can get a good rate I would have not problems staying here again, give it ago.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sikesna
<Content>Excellent! Excellent!! What a true pleasure it was to stay at this hotel. Yes, the hotel is beautiful, super clean and very modern. But what made our stay so exceptional, was the staff. Everyone was extremely polite and helpful. They truly made our trip a pleasure. We were so sad to leave!!!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Foxtrot10
<Content>Excellent Value for Price Excellent value hotel in a great location not far from Orchard Road.Service could not be faulted. Our room was very good, although the view from the window was only of the nearby buildings. Free Mini bar in room, but limited selections. The breakfast buffet was superb.Would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>stillwaters11
<Content>Top class hotel in a central location for a good price       View from the Flyer at night  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Globe-spanner
<Content>Very Good Place This hotel was quite simply very good. Smallish but well equipped rooms with internet access, clean, good bathroom and a free mini bar. Couple of beers at night, OJ in the morning and water to take out was a nice touchThe breakfast buffet was fantastic with eggs/omelettes done to your liking. A wide selection of fruit, hot food to suit every taste. All of a high standard.The personal butler was a nice touch but over the top for a couple of holiday makers. Staff were great and could not do enough for you. Nice bar lounge and restaurants.It was an upmarket place where we felt at ease.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>sss1970t
<Content>Super Location, Ambience...stay there often From the time you enter the hotel, it smells and feels fresh and clean. Its a non-smoking hotel, but has about a 150 tea-lights in the lobby! ironic!The check in is very fast, and with a smile.The rooms have everything you need. Clean, good size by Singapore standards, but the view is that of a car-park. Personally, i preferred the rooms before the make over of the hotel.Where this hotel really scores is the free inroom internet, free minibar, and the absolutely fantastic location. You can walk most places, to the MRT as well. Further, there is a covered escalator bridge between the hotel and Far East Plaza across the road. Hence, you have the flexibility to hire a taxi from either direction. Given the Singapore rain and traffic, this itself saves 10 minutes per trip, and is great if you're on work like i was and had many meetings.The check out process was a bit erratic. Please confirm the rate you book at as well as other booking details, as there could be confusion at check out. My friends too experienced the same problem.Staff is polite and efficient, room service and breakfast is good. Didn't try any restaurant, as there are many better cheaper ones in singapore.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Malaysian_suzie
<Content>Great Find, Very Central I stayed at this hotel for one night in May and was pleasant surprised. Rooms are recently renovated, hotel very busy but staff still pleasant, free minibar, good amenities in the room, free wireless. Wish I could have stayed longer. Decently priced from the hotel website, given the rising prices of Singapore hotels these days. The hotel restaurant looked good and well patronised. Will definitely try to stay here next time I'm back in Singapore  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>cumi
<Content>Perfect location. Stayed here between May 30th till June 2nd. We booked the deluxe room with an extra bed. However upon check-in, we were upgraded to the slightly spacious corner deluxe at no extra cost. Loved the location. RIght next to the shops, restaurants etc. I have previously stayed at this hotel before the renovations so was looking forward to staying there again. Loved the fact that it is a smoke-free hotel as my son has asthma.I also chose the hotel because the food served was Halal, a big plus for me. Even when we were sick of hotel food, we could just go across to Far East Plaza for some good halal Malay Thai food.Hotel staff were friendly and extremely helpful especially the Concierge Mr. Ibrahim.There are shuttle services to go to the Singapore Zoo and Night Safari right outside the hotel.The room was spacious enough to fit an extra bed for my son. The king sized bed was really huge. Very comfortable. Mini bar sufficient and well stocked throughout our stay.The buffet breakfast was fantastic. The high- tea was also excellent. Wide choice of food served to suit all tastes. For high-tea, make sure you make a reservation as they are always fully booked.My only problem was that we were not told that the buffet breakfast was served only until 10am on week days. We missed the last breakfast(much to my son's disappointment).Having said that, I will definately stay here again. Am already making plans for Christmas!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>julie072
<Content>Well worth staying at this great hotel Have just returned from a 4 night stay at this hotel.If I were to return to Singapore - this would be my pick again. This was the 10th trip to Singapore and this hotel was probably the best I have stayed, especially the location. Scotts Road is a buzz of activity and so convenient. I had good intentions to travel via the MRT, but in the end travelled everywhere via taxi. Too convenient when there is one waiting right at the front door for you everytime you step out.The staff were very unintrusive, and I did not have a lot to do with them apart from the 2 minute check in and out. The room was small but roomy enough especially since we didnt spend that much time there. We had twin beds which are equivalent to a small double bed. I left a list for housekeeping ( a long list mind you) and they accommodated and gave us everything on the list.Now the little gripes - The kettle in our room was terrible and had to be boiled twice and there was no clock which was a bit of a pain. Take your own hairdryer as the one supplied is attached inside the bedside drawer and the on button had to be held down constantly.... this was very annoying.The curtains are great though - block out which keeps the room nice and dark. I cant rave about the buffet breakfast.... very very ordinary compared to other hotel buffets I have had, but ample enough. I would not pay extra for the breakfast (we had it included in our rate) as there is food very close by. I loved the fact that MCDonalds - MCCafe was right next door as I could get my coffee fix regularly. The buffet finishes at 10am which I think is too early - especially when you are in no rush to get up in the morning as the shops dont open till 10-11am.The free water and drinks was a great bonus as there is not really a supermarket that close to buy these things. There is a shopping centre across the road - Far East Plaza which was very convenient and had great shopping-- better than the expense of Orchard Road.So, I would definately return and recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ozmadmax
<Content>Nice cold shower in the morning! The hotel is in a good location for shopping and entertainment around Orchard Road so good for tourists. I stayed here on a one night stopover whilst on business.Check-in was ok, I was repeatedly advised that the hotel is strictly non-smoking (which I wouldn't have known becuase I couldn't have seen the half dozen signs in reception telling me and the declaration of a $300 per day fee for cleaning the room in the event that I did smoke on the check-in form). Despite this I was asked to sign an acceptance of this condition despite it not being mentioned at the time of booking. Regardless I was happy to sign as I do not smoke and hate being in a non-smoking room where somebody has smoked so this was all very acceptable if not unorthodox.The room was pleasant enough, modern furnishing, a bit of a dank smell (combination of aircon and lack of ventilation of fresh air). Window faced onto another building so no sunlight. Internet connection was free so this was a real plus as I was on business. The free minibar is ok (not quite a minibar, more of a mini-minibar but hey it was free so I'll leave it there).The bathroom is quite small and poorly laid out (don't expect to use the bidet as there is no water pressure). The whole bathroom thing got worse the following morning. I rose early to catch my onward flight (6am) to discover that there was no hot water. I thought at first that it would just get warmer and I hopped in. Alas it was freezing for the entire shower so I woke up very quickly. When checking out I mentioned this and was told that I was in a corner room so it takes a while to heat up. There was no apology, no response to how long does it take to heat up unlike the repeated references to smoking at check-in. I therefore decided to give this hotel a miss for future trips as I like a hot (even a warm) shower in the mornings. Whilst the hotel was quite modern, it appears to lack soul. The service is a bit perfunctory and there was little or no personal touch even when problems occur. Better than some and if you like a cold shower then highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	2	4	

<Author>sueaustralia_8
<Content>great value This hotel is excellent value. The minibar is stocked daily and it is free, there is free internet access and the staff were most helpful. At night there is a magnificent buffet with heaps of seafood and it is very reasonable in price.Overall a great hotel in Singapore.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ExeterHector
<Content>Lovely location Stayed at the Royal Plaza for 3 nights while on a tour around south east asia. 20 minute drive from the airport (don't know where all the traffic went).Royal Plaza is ideally located about 100 yards from Orchard road and 200yds from the Orchard MRT station. This is perfect for either getting around town or checking out all the shoping malls on Orchard road (there are dozenzs of these). Lots of places to eat nearby, including the mandatory MacDonalds.Check in was very efficient and the rooms are of a good size and standard. Overall service was very good, but the view from the room wasn't up to much. There was a comprehensive buffet breakfast which kept me going for most of the day. Never tried the restaurant, but there was a very impressive display of fancy cakes that did temp me.Overall a very nice stay in a convienent location  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>benthere
<Content>An enjoyable experience! This is a very good hotel and I would certainly stay here again (I could rate it as excellent, but I'm becoming more conservative in my ratings). It is situated right in the heart of a lot of good shopping and dining establishments and is very convenient to public transit - some of the most efficient in the world. The room itself was spacious and very comfortable and included a free minibar. Regrettably, the fitness center was being renovated while I was there (the fitness center was one of the reasons I booked there), but that was a minor inconvenience. The staff is very attentive, pleasant and courteous. While I didn't get to visit their Carousel restaurant, it looked very nice and I will probably dine there during my next visit. The hotel lobby is quite spacious and beautiful. While I was there, they had a large display of tea candles that many guest were getting photos taken in front of. They also had a display of art by local artists - all of which were quite good. Good enough to be too expensive for me, though. I would recommend the Royal Plaza to friends and plan to stay there for my next visit.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravellersHobart
<Content>great place to base your Singapore trip We spent one night here before moving on to Indonesia.  We arrived at about 10pm to be told the hotel was fully booked so they had upgraded us to a Club Room - did we mind. Of course we didn't mind and had a great room and enjoyed all the facilities of the Club floor. The hotel is in a great location - very close to Orchard Road. Staff were courteous and friendly - there was nothing we could fault during our stay. We used the swimming pool and it was refreshing after a morning shopping.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>johnsmith47
<Content>Great hotel on Orchard Road in Singapore I booked my stay directly with the hotel. I got a much better rate than the big travel sites, and it included an enormous breakfast buffet. The room was well furnished with a roomy and well equipped bath. It had a separate shower stall, but it had a waterfall showerhead and a hand held head. The hotel was quiet. The staff was great, especially Ibrahim at the concierge desk. The location was perfect. The MTR subway stop was a block away. There is an amazing amount of shopping and dining on Orchard Road. Taxis are very cheap, about S$16 from the airport to the hotel. The taxi drivers put the pedal to the metal, so hold on. The MTR line will take you to the downtown area. The hotel bar has a live band most of the nights. The lobby was was nicely decorate. There is free internet access at the business center for 15 minutes, if you need a pc to check email. There is also somone to help you with faxes and other things.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mickact
<Content>Great place to stay in Singapore       Swimming pool with gym in backround  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>everytimeyougoaway
<Content>Good Value This is a well run extremely clean hotel with very friendly personalised staff. Would recommend to anyone  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>Peter_Smallhill
<Content>Functional, friendly Excellent location close to central Orchard Road.All staff are very friendly.Hotel is clean and neat with attractive lobby. Rooms are quiet and comfortable except for badly designed and uncomfortable desk chair, but ours at least had only a view of ugly highrises next door.Free very fast wireless internet.Breakfast buffet is good but not fantastic, quite expensive, and noisy (music turned up too loud). Borders' coffee shop just 80m down the street has a quiet, good coffee shop with much more reasonable prices.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JP724
<Content>Great stay at Royal Plaza on Scotts, even with teenagers! A family holiday for us (family of 5) normally means staying in budget-priced motels/resorts. The kids are getting older and probably won't be holidaying with us much longer, so this year we splashed out with a 10-day stay in Singapore and chose the Royal Plaza on Scotts. Despite booking 7 months in advance, this was the only hotel that I could find that had two rooms available on the same dates for such a long stay. I ended up booking directly through their website, which was easy and straightforward. A few weeks before our stay they emailed me, asking if we had any special requirements. I reminded them that we required adjoining rooms and an extra bed in one of the rooms and they confirmed that this had been noted.Upon arrival, check-in was quick and easy. We were put on the 5th floor, handy for the swimming pool. Rooms were adjoining and a reasonable size with king-size beds. Previous experience (on other holidays) led us to expect the kids to argue over who was going to sleep in the crappy, tiny rollaway bed - but no, here in this hotel the bed has a proper mattress and was a standard size single bed, so all children were able to sleep comfortably. The bed was made up ready for our late arrival but we had to remind them to bring an extra set of towels, this was done within minutes of our request. The suitcases were brought up quickly too. The rooms only had showers, not a problem with our older children, but might be if you had little ones to bath each night.The rooms were very clean, bathrooms were always clean, all-in-all we couldn't fault the housekeeping service. The kids loved the way their pj's were folded up neatly for them and teddies placed on pillows! The mini-bars were topped up daily (complimentary beer and soft drinks). On the first day I left a note asking that no beer be put in the kids fridge, instead they replenished the fridge with extra soft drinks. We always had plenty of soft drinks/water bottles to take out with us on our sightseeing trips, so this was very handy. The staff noticed that we were big tea drinkers and always left extra tea bags and milks. We only needed to ring down to reception with one small problem during our stay; the remote control wasn't working and needed new batteries and this was fixed straightaway. There was no view from the window but we were never in the room long enough to worry about that.To use the lifts and to get back to your room from the swimming pool, you have to remember to carry your keycard with you at all times, but they do give you 2 for each room. The swimming pool was about 15metres long, so ok for lap-swimming, ideal for kids cooling off, plenty of sunloungers and towels available. Clean changing rooms and toilets, and a sauna available. A function room is located on the other side of the pool and this was often in use, but for the staff and business people to get to it, they had to walk along the edge of the pool, which seems to me poor planning and could be dangerous due to the permanently wet floor, especially with the waiters walking back and forth with food and crockery. It was a little off-putting sun-bathing in a bikini with gents in business suits walking back and forth during breaks.The hotel rooms were pricey, but no more than other similar hotels in Singapore, and it's a fact of life for those families with 3 children that you always have to fork out for 2 rooms. So to pay $30+ per person for breakfast each morning, wasn't going to happen! We're not fast-food people, but on this occasion it was very handy that there is a McDonald's and a McCafe located just a few metres up the street. Just a bit further up is the entrance to the MRT, very handy. Outside the hotel, getting a taxi was never a problem, with porters always ready to wave one in for you. Going back into the lobby after a day's sightseeing was always welcoming, it looks so bright and clean with very cool air-conditioning and it always looked lovely at night with the candles lit up.Upon check-out there were no discrepancies with the bill, no extra charges to query which is always a relief. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to family and friends and would gladly stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>globugPortsmouth
<Content>Brilliant place to stay in Singapore Myself and my friend have just come back from Singapore. We stayed at the Royal Plaza on Scotts on the way out to New Zealand and on the way back. Absolutely beautiful hotel. Rooms are very comfortable. Complimentary drinks in fridge. Gorgeous swimming pool on 5th floor. Business centre free to use to check in on line for your flights and any other needs. Location on Scotts Road, in the Orchard Road area, so central for the shops. Taxis are cheap and you can get one outside the hotel really quickly. Well worth having the breakfast, so much to choose from and sets you up for the day. Staff are very helpful friendly and courteous. No hesitation in recommending this hotel. Will definitely stay there again if I go to Singapore.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ryleeh
<Content>Location Location Location!       The TV and desk  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jinz
<Content>wonderful experience If you are looking for outstanding service, convenience to everything topped with beautiful rooms then this is the hotel. We treated oursel ves to the club room and this was well worth it. The staff are outstanding. Can't wait to return.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>globe-trotter-808
<Content>good hotel and good experience, however nothing extraordinary I stayed there for a 1day stopover in February and got a quite a good rate through one of the internet brokers. I mainly chose the hotel because of it's location and th reviews here on tripadvisor.We arrived quite early after a long flight from Europe and where lucky enough to get an early check-in which was much appreciated. The reception staff was efficient and friendly but somehow lacked a warm touch.The room was on the 5th floor and was rather small and dark, however it was clean and nicely furnished. The view from the window was terrible tough, just looking at a wall and one could here the loud air-conditoning units from the building next door. Somehow the windows in our room had a gap as it was quite noisy.The bathroom was clean and new but the drainage of the sink was not working properly. One of the best features of this hotel is the close proximity to Orchard road (Takashimaya, Paragon etc. all in walking distance)and the free wireless internet as well as the complimentary mini bar.Check out was quick and efficient with no complications.All in all for the price I paid it was a good experience as I was only there for 1 night. If I would stay longer, I would most likely choose another hotel and if I would have to pay more than 250 USD I would definitely choose a much better hotel.It was good value for money tough!!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	5	

<Author>prettygis
<Content>Great but pricey!       The pool from our room's view  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>melcart
<Content>Large, spacious, modern luxury corporate hotel       Enterance area  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>grumblebums
<Content>Comfortable and welcoming       lobby  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	5	4	5	

<Author>Happytiler
<Content>Nothing special but good location Best thing about this hotel is the location. It is right near to Orchard Road and the plentiful shopping, also near to the MRT station and right by a bus stop.Having said that, the hotel is nothing special at all. The rooms are small and have no view although there is free Wifi and mini bar (soft drinks and Tiger beer). The breakfast was costly although the selection was quite good. However since there is a MacDonalds right outside, it is worth nipping out for a coffee and Breakfast muffin there if that's all you need!Prices for hotels in Singapore are getting out of hand so this did represent some value for money but I would sooner pay a little bit more for a bit more luxury and a nicer view.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>RosieFlynn
<Content>great stay at Royal Plaza again.. I'm just back from my second stay at the Royal Plaza.Both times were for business, so I'm not sure how the holiday traveller will find the hotel...I found whole experience pleasent and the staff very friendly and helpful. The rooms were a good size and the complimentary internet and mini bar a nice touch for Singapore.The bathrooms are nice with sufficiant toiletries for long haul destination, should your luggage get delayed there's enough here to keep you going.The location is also a great plus point if you are looking for a hotel in the middle of the hustle and bustle and, of course shopping, of Orchard.There's plenty of eating options around, and one of my favourite vegatarian restaurants is just a short walk away!..Singapore is such a safe place I've never felt uncomfortable as a lone female traveller walking around alone after dark. However if you happen to be near the Hyatt or Mariott across the road you'll notice the presence of prostitutes hanging around outside the hotels, which may make you feel uncomfortable...coming from Amsterdam, I'm not bothered....but I've witnessed none of this at the Royal Plaza.The gym facilites are pretty small here, one tredmill, bike, step machine, weight maching and free weights. Which is fine and I've only ever been the 2nd or 3rd person in the there, but I do miss the sauna/steam facilities that are usually found in 4/5 star hotels in Singapore, especiall after the long flight.Overall I would (and have) recommend this hotel, the price is good, but I have noticed it rise since my last visit. I fthis continues I think I'll go back to the Hyatt as the facilities are much more varied...which is what you pay for.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Anee
<Content>Recommended Hotel This is my 2nd stay at Royal Plaza on Scotts, and there is no doubt I will stay here again. The prices of Singapore hotels had increased substantially over the years, and if only Royal Plaza on Scotts would maintain its price, this would be a good hotel to stay.Great location, moderate breakfast and wonderful service. Rooms are clean and adequate though nothing luxurious.Do consider this hotel for its location, good service and quality rooms.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>HavanaMan
<Content>Large City Centre Hotel Large and quite impersonal busines city centre hotel. What it lacked in personal touch was made up by quite relaxed policy on wifi access and free use of mini-bar content. We were upgraded to a larger 'corner room' which still felt quite cramped. Good location in the heart of Orchard Rd. - but somehow nothing really felt memorable.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>srh10
<Content>great four star hotel Great hotel in perfect Orchard Road location. Lovely spacious rooms, free wi-fi and minibar. Good pool and gym area. Would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>exspat
<Content>Very well located business hotel. After searching many websites and contacting the hotel direct, I booked the Royal Plaza for 2 nights on Zuji - rate included standard room (10th floor), Wireless Internet access and Mini Bar. The hotel is extremely well located for all that you would need in Singapore. Mini bar - rate allows one top of the mini bar contents per day. It included 2 cans beer, 2 cokes, 2 juices and 2 waters.Wireless Internet - a great feature to have this for free, as so many hotels charge ridiculous prices for this.Room - very comfy bed, dark furninshings, no view as such (overlooked carpark), small ensuite - with a great shower. Good desk, flat screen tv etc.Hotel seemed busy, but very quiet at night.This hotel is a great option for tourists and business people alike. It has such a good location, and whilst not as flash as the Hyatt across the road, it's rates make it hard to beat. I have stayed at many Singapore hotels and would have to say that the Royal Plaza offers very good value for moey  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jlg84
<Content>Reasonably priced business hotel on Orchard Rd We stumbled across this hotel through a search for a reasonably-priced hotel in S'pore during Chinese New Year and found a great rate that seemed to be too good to be true. The amazing thing was that it was not--the hotel was excellent, and while we ended up upgrading to a slightly more expensive room at check in (since we had arrived early and our class of room was not yet ready), we appreciated that they threw breakfast in (at their very nice buffet). One failing of this hotel is the gym, which was one of the reasons we chose it in the first place--it's got very rudimentary equipment, and much of it was not working properly. It really needs replacing!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GlobetrottersUK
<Content>Great Hotel This is a great hotel. It is located right in the centre of the main shopping area, Orchard Road. despite the location it is very very quiet inside with no road noise etcWe booked a club deluxe room as that was all that was available. it was well worth the extra few dollars. they offered breakfast, all day drinks and snacks, afternoon tea and evening cocktails, beers and nibbles. I am sure it is possible to spend all day in the private lounge and not spend any money on food or drinks.The room was not overly big but was very confortable. the bathroom was quite large with separate walk-in shower and jet tub. Everything was very clean.The service was great, we arrived after an overnight flight from London. We managed to oversleep and miss breakfast the next mornng, we ordered room service expecting to pay but the staff arranged for there to be no charge as we had missed the complimentary breakfast. We did not use the pool but it looked adequate.We would definately stay there again and would not hesistate to recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>atayah
<Content>Hit or Miss with rooms Stayed here on my own in December and was given the singles room at the end of the hallway opposite the service entrance facing a brickwall. bathroom was tiny but beds are to die for comfortable. Organised late check out which was handy to catch a midnight flight.On return, stayed here with my boyfriend and was given a MASSIVE room (next to the lifts which could be heard slightly through the walls) with an amazing bathroom.We arrived very early (7am) and our room wasn't ready until 10am. We were told we weren't allowed to have breakfast as this was for the next day only - Singapore doesn't really get going until after 9.30am so Starbucks and McDonalds are really the only options for food at that time. Was a bit disappointed that they didn't offer us breakfast while we waited, especially since we had just flown in from Rome.Pool terrace is great with comfy sofas and a nice pool.Location is very handy to the shops on Orchard road, and the no smoking policy is great. I have never been to a hotel that smells so nice!!!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>RyanS73
<Content>Excellent Hotel!       Room is large and includes free wifi and minibar  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Garthy_2
<Content>Great location and lounge This is a great value four-star hotel. We opted for the Club floor which was great value. The rooms were modern and functional with free wireless internet. Air con was good but slightly noisy. Free brekky in the lounge and also free evening cocktails with great food-you can even skip dinner esp if you also attend the afternoon tea! There were desserts and fresh fruits and hot canapes with free drinks-great value. Free beer and soft drinks in mini bar was great for a day of exploring and shopping. The rate was one of the cheapest in the Orchard Rd area - beautiful X'mas lights. None of the rooms have great views but ours with the pool view was among the best I suspect as the building faces up Scotts Rd rather than fronts it. Breakfast downstairs was really busy but not bad variety of local and usual food. Fresh fruits were great. There was a noodle bar as well. Hotel is smoke free completely and pork free as well! Taxis were at the door and Singapore has world's best practice and greatest value. Cost about S$17 to get the four of us to the Zoo! Easy to cross overhead pedestrian bridge to FarEast Shopping Centre and on to Orchard Rd rather than battle the underground passage or breathe the air at the lights- just turn left at the front door. Recommend Straits Kitchen at the Grand Hyatt for upmarket local and pan-Asianfood, all you can eat for less than S$50 done in superb fashion and surroundings. Tang's Dept Store has great value esp. of sales items.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JohnJF
<Content>A very good hotel We stayed just before Christmas, and were absolutely delighted with the hotel. The staff were friendly, the location ideal, the free minibar and wireless access was an added bonus.Our room was spacious, with a good bathroom. The breakfasts were excellent.Being just off Orchard Road, the whole of Singapore was within easy reach, and we made the most of our ez-link card (which we would advise everyone to get). Take a Singapore sling in the bar in the Royal Plaza on Scotts, it was better (and cheaper) that the original in the Long Bar in Raffles  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StrawberryFrangipani
<Content>Great location, nice rooms       Lobby  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	2	4	5	

<Author>khanna
<Content>great location, affordable Location is right where you want to be in Singapore. A comfortable walk to all the shops on orchard, and close to some great restaurants.For trips some distance away, cabs in Singapore are quite affordable.Room was a little small, but immaculate.The pool was also a little small, but outdoor on a terrace, and quite nice.Was the best deal in terms of cost, in the Orchard street area.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FussyGlobeTrotter
<Content>Club room represents great value for drinkers! I am writing this review from inside my room - using the free internet provided and getting ready for the cocktail hour starting shortly. Because I'm already here and don't need to worry about getting a booking I feel I can let you in on a great deal in Singapore.(Can be tough to make a reservation here, as since the recent renovations and their 'Carousel' restaurant winning the best newcomer buffet for 2007 award, this hotel is quickly growing in popularity) I travel with my husband a lot for work, and between us we have visited many other hotels in Singapore before finding this one including: The Meritus Mandarin (incredibly noisy and appalling service) Copthorne Kings (simply awful) Novotel Clarke Quay (OK, but just another hotel nothing special) Marina Mandarin (was OK, but have not gone back) Hilton (needs serious refurbishment and quickly) and many others that I can't even remember now....So, on with the story.The Royal Plaza on Scotts keeps drawing us back as it represents good value for money (talking about club room deal), is in the centre of town right near Orchard Road for shopping and keeps us both happy.It has recently been refurbished, so all of the rooms feel clean and new with flat screen TV's, king sized beds, a comfy blue velour chair in the corner to throw your clothes over. lol. and the bathrooms feel clean and have a separate bath and shower (a must in my books. I do not take showers in a bath). There is a glass wall between the bedroom and bathroom so the room feels bigger (can pull down a blind don't worry) and everything just works.You get free internet throughout the entire hotel at all hours (wi-fi or cable, with cables provided in the room if you're not up with the latest technology). This level of service is great and means I can relax by the pool with my laptop if I want to.The pool is pretty basic as is the gym, but that's not why we stay here. We come here for the club room food and drinks deal.We always upgrade to the club room for an extra $60 per day for two of us which gets us the following: 6.30am - 10am - Full breakfast either served in the club room upstairs (if you want to avoid the rif-raff) or downstairs in the public breakfast lobby if you want slightly more choices, as the buffet is huge. There is a full cooked section with eggs any way you like, pancakes, waffles, curries, fish, mash potato, noodles, chinese dumplings, congee... you get the picture. A cold section with fruits, cereal, yoghurt and a bakery section with pastries. Coffee and tea is free flowing as are the many juices. 3pm-5pm - Afternoon tea served upstairs in the club room (no rif-raff). More hot food selections like noodles, prawns, fried dumplings as well as cakes, scones, cream, jams, lemon butter, desserts, fruit, water, tea and coffee. BTW, when I say water we're talking bubbly Perrier served in a glass with ice and a slice of lime, not tap.This is the best bit...5.30pm-8pm - Cocktail time!!! Served in the club room, with all of the other happy guests. Fab hot and cold canapes served on spoons and mini dishes just like at a nice function - all alongside a table of breads, cheeses and desserts. The menu changes every night and for example last night some of the cold spoons were smoked salmon rolls topped with sour cream and chives,thai influenced beef rolls, chicken breast with tomato salsa dressing and the hot dishes were sauteed fish with lemon butter sauce and capers, mini lasagnes and prawn skewers wrapped in turkey bacon with a triad of sauces. AND ALL OF THIS IS SERVED WITH FREE FLOW SPARKLING WINE, WHITE WINE, RED WINE, BEER and BASIC SPIRITS for the 2.5 hour duration. Ths is very exciting to drinkers like us who pay a minimum of AUS$60 for a bottle of wine out at dinner in Singapore. Between the two of us we easily make our club room money back on drinks during cocktail hour and we can't recommend this deal enough for drinkers visiting Singapore. (If you haven't been to Singapore before and you're a foodie from Melbourne, prepare to die at the price of wine and 'high end' food BTW)In fact, we often make reservations for dinner and come 8pm, we cancel because we are completely stuffed from the canapes....So there you have it. The club room deal just keeps us coming back again and again! Hope this review has helped!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Suz_Cols
<Content>New Years at the Royal Plaza - Average experience Arrived after a late evening flight so lobby looked nice with candles lit and the lobby had the nicest freshest smell -most be in part due to its strict no smoking policyReceptionist was not the friendliest (which surprised us as we were looking forward to the hotels claims of great service), her colleague seemed lovely though so we may just have been unlucky Our king size bed turned out to be 2 twin beds disguised and we found ourselves falling between the cracks during the night which was uncomfortable. the location was great, Singapore street decorations for Xmas were lovely and like Hong Kong felt very christmassyOther encounters with staff were fine, but nothing specialOverall, the hotel was fine, feel quite neutral about it so I would try another hotel the next time  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>4rubylou
<Content>Location, Location! My daughter and I have just returned from a 5 night stay at this hotel. The location is great, just round the corner from the centre of Orchard Rd and almost opposite Far East Plaza and Tangs. Also 2 mins from Orchard MRT station and Shaw Centre movie house. It is great value for the rate charged for such a central location. We had a deluxe room with two double beds which was adequate in size, housekeeping service was good and free minibar was a plus. Flat screen tv with free movie channel was also provided. Free internet service is available in business centre as well as free inroom internet if you take your own laptop.We enjoyed drinks in the Heat Lounge one evening where a good resident band were playing. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bandi07
<Content>Great location, and very reasonably priced. I often stay at the Royal Plaza in Singapore, and it has grown better over time. Recently the rooms have been refurbished and now have flat-screen TVs and new furnishings. Internet is free, and minibar is free too (2 beers and a few soft drinks). That's like slicing $30 off the price. The breakfast buffet is excellent, staff are very friendly and helpful, and security is good (you need to use your room key to access the guest floors in the elevator). The location is also great, as it is just 100m from the corner of Orchard and Scotts Roads. Lots of shopping centers all around. The view from the room is not so great if you are on a low floor, as you only see the building next door. Higher floors may be better, I've never paid the higher rate to find out.I much prefer the Royal Plaza over the Orchard or Orchard Parade hotels, which are in the same area and similar in price. The Hilton and the Negara hotels are also in the same area, and are better but considerably more expensive. I've stayed in all of them, and Royal Plaza is my top pick.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>avevers
<Content>Small but fine. Central location, complimentary minibar, room was OK - clean but smalland a very small bathroom. Good breakfast (good range) and all in all happy enough.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>KPS92-5
<Content>Another Great Experience at Royal Plaza on Scotts Great room, terriffic customer service by the entire staff, perfectly located just ~100 meters off Orchard road will continue keeping our family of 5 with 3 small children keep coming back to this Singapore hotel.The rooms are not huge but very well appointed with flatscreen TVs, large desk, complimentary soft drink mini bar, all marble bathroom, and very comfortable bed and pillows. While the exterior of this hotel in nothing special once inside the lobby, buffet restaurant and rooms are all first rate. Staying just meters off the heart of Orchard road (cross the street from the Hyatt  Marriott) during Christmas time with all the decorations and lights of Orchard road made for short fun ourings after coming back at the end of the day.It's a $5-$12 taxi ride to lots of popular locations like the night Safari / Zoo, Sentosa Island cable car, the Science Center (great for kids  adults alike), Clarke Quay / Boat Quay....Enjoy  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>dselvan
<Content>Great Hotel in great location       The hotel lobby  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>meyeti
<Content>Royal Plaza on Scotts - Highly Recommended for Business Travelers Recently stayed at the Royal Plaza on Scotts for business meetings in Singapore. As a business hotel, it's one of the best I've been in. Room quality was excellent, free wireless internet, free mini-bar (2 local beers, soft drinks, water) and a nice breakfast buffet. Since it was booked by my local host company, the rate was very good (S$220/night plus taxes). Staff was very polite and went out of their way to accommodate my requests. As I had a midnight flight back to Europe, I asked for late checkout. I was allowed to check out at 8PM for S$100- supplementary charge. After 14:00, normally S$20/hour and a full day charged after 6PM. So I appreciated greatly the possibility to have a full day of activity, come back and shower before heading to the airport. Only two minor minus points - the view from my window was of a wall facing the hotel and there was only a shower in the bathroom. Not a problem for me, but if you're looking for a soak after a long day, best to ask for a room with a tub. I had whatever they call their standard room.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>simone211
<Content>Fantastic Hotel!!!! Royal plaza on scotts was luxury, the price was very good, when we went in june it was about $140 AUS a night with breakfast and the best was the free mini bar and internet access. The staff were lovley and were always there to help out and always had a smile on their faces. Only had breakfast there but it was yummy as i am a vegatarian there was more than enough food that i could eat. The pool is very small but only went in it once. Very close to everything , 2 min walk to the main trian station and have great shops just across the road where i did most of my shopping. The bathroom was small but worth it cause the shower was amazing, it had a rainwater shower head and it was great!!!! Overalll it was a great holiday and the hotel made it all that better, for the two day we stayed at santosa island at the rasa shangra-li and this was no were near as clear or friendly as royal plaza it did not even compary even though it is much more expensive. I would stay at royal plaza again and encourage all of my friends to stay as well.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>nellica
<Content>Very disappointed I booked this hotel a few days ago for 5 days in September 2008 during the period of the Singapore Grand Prix. The price per room was roughly triple the usual price but I accepted this in good faith as it will be a busy time. I gave my credit card details as required to secure the booking. I noted that it was stated on the on-line booking confirmation cancellations and/or amendments made within 21 days prior to arrival date will be subject to full charge. I felt that this was reasonable again given the busy time for visitors.You can imagine my shock when I received an email from the hotel (yesterday) asking for FULL, NON-REFUNDABLE payment for the whole amount 4,320 SGD by 24th December 2007. THis is for a booking in September 2008. I rang the hotel and expressed my disappointment and told them it was immoral to expect full non-refundable payment some 9 nine months in advance. I think that this is because hotels in Singapore want to deal directly with the big operators who will book the whole hotel in advance. They are not interested in the small fry like us during a big event like the grand prix.Sorry, had to put in a fake date for staying in this hotel as I couldn't submit this without one.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>inna76
<Content>loved the hotel Great hotel, excellent location. Very nice food. Been there for a business trip and enjoyed every moment.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pinkhoshi
<Content>Excellent value for money Got a really good deal for this hotel on Expedia. Stayed for 7 nights in a 'Premiere' type room. Room was very nice - decor is very plush. Free minibar, whilst not extensive, is a nice plus. Staff are very friendly and helpful. The location is fantastic, it's just off Orchard Road and is very close to the Orchard MRT station. Had breakfast every morning in the restaurant in the lobby, very nice. It's a buffet with a mix of Western and Asian foods. They don't serve any pork products, I assume that's because it is a Muslim-owned hotel.I would definitely stay here again. There's not a single negative point I can think of, and loads to love about this place.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Staidthere
<Content>How long will they continue to offer this great price?       Lobby looking toward entrance  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	4	5	5	

<Author>BizTraveller07
<Content>Great for Business Travellers I have stayed at this Hotel on previous visits to Singapore.This time I arrived fairly late in the evening (11pm) and after the lady on check in tried to put me into a room with single beds it was agreed that it really wasn't my problem if they had given someone else my room and that they would upgrade me to a Superior room. The check in process was actually quite painless and handled well.The room was great (especially as it was an upgrade), well appointed, very clean and very comfortable.The Hotel is in great shape and combined with it's location it makes for a great place for a business travel. The free mini-bar, free broadband and breakfast deal is good and makes everything that much easier.Finally, if you have a later flight out of Singapore ask the Hotel about extending the late check outs. They have always been happy to do it if they aren't fully booked and they only charge around S$20 per extra hour for check outs past 2 or 3 pm - well worth it if you have a long flight ahead.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	-1	4	

<Author>kevinpng
<Content>Great Hotel in Singapore I booked into the Royal Plaza on Scotts for a long weekend break in November. This hotel is outstanding for the price. The location is excellent and the service is great. The rooms are sufficient in size and more than comfortable. Mini Bar is complementary and the hotel has free wi-fi for guests. In terms of cost this hotel is highly competitive for SIngapore. Cannot recommend more highly.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>a_gypsy_at_heart
<Content>great hotel with great price! We stayed at the RP from nov. 15 to 18,2007. we chose it because of the nice comments from friends.. Upon arrival at 10am, we were immediately led to our room which was cozy and clean. i was expecting a smaller room for the price we paid, but was unexpectedly delighted when the room was quite big with a king sized bed. breakfast was quite wonderful with lots of choices.the service was fast and efficient (i asked for a band aid and less than 5 minutes, someone was bringing me one!) the internet was free, as was the mini bar which was replenished daily. the hotel was a few meters away from the mtr, shopping was just steps away ( the DFS is just right next door!) and the buffet exceeded our expectation! truly a great hotel and worth every penny!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dr_JRJ
<Content>Above average Stayed for 8 nights on business, great location in downtown Singapore just off Orchard Road and near to a MRT station. Was upgraded to a premium room on arrival. Mini bar free and re stocked daily, beds luxuriously comfortable and great shower. Staff are friendly and efficient. Breakfast is a good buffet choice daily, room service choice isn't particularly good. Overall enjoyed the stay and would recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Human44
<Content>Great room; lousy entrance Stayed here for a week's business trip. The room was clean, quiet and with excellent bedding. If your primary goal is to get a good night's sleep at a reasonable cost, then this is the place to stay in Singapore.With coffee  tea making facility, plus the juice in the free mini-bar, room service breakfast is quite a reasonable alternative to the buffet restaurant below. I never ate there during my stay, but used room service for waffles and croissants/toast/muffins at a fraction of the cost.The hotel's biggest downside is the dreadful entrance - not the nice enough lobby, but the under-construction driveway and curb area outside the front door. They have fenced off the pedestrian walkway that connects easily to the adjacent DFS shopping arcade, meaning that the only way to walk in/out of the hotel is through a driveway that's often jammed with cars, buses and trucks. For all the traffic at the front door, it's not always easy to get a taxi. On my return to Changi airport, the only vehicle that pulled up in 10 minutes of waiting was an Airport Taxi which charged roughly double the regular cab fare. Don't get into anything other than a metered taxi unless you're ready to pay double for your airport trip.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>agarwalUk
<Content>Would recommend Stayed here for 3 nights on our journey back from NZ. Very welcoming, good rooms - very clean. Staff very courteous and helpful. Free minibar is a bit of a farce as it only has water, soft drinks and beer. Overall good experience.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>LUXXX
<Content>Preferred Hotel Didn't want to be surprised with dissapointment with hotels of similar rates of Sin$250++, I went back to RP for my last 2 trips in October 07. I have to give RP the credit of being the best in it's class after staying in a few others of similarly priced hotels.At this point in time, I am pretty happy to continue to make it my preferred hotel in Singapore until they start increasing their rates. ;-)  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>kipperfletcher
<Content>Great Location, Great Service, Good breakfast Selection Booked Hotel Directly through their website. At the time was cheaper than rates2go and asiarooms. Executive corner wing suite.On arrival was treated like royalty. Got taken to our room to book in and was upgraded to allowing us access to the club lounge.Each room has complimentary drinks bar 2 x soda, 2 x beer and 2 x water. A good little bonus.Good breakfast selection asian and western food, fruit, cereal breads, cakes etc.Standard swimming pool which we didn't use as we were too busy sightseeing. Didn't see anyone else in their when we went to view it.Main benefit of this hotel is LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION.Comfortable beds with soft pillows. Flat screen tv and funky bathroom area.would stay here again if i went to singapore.Have travelled many times to asia and this is up with the best and offer great value for the money you pay.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>coxfamily3
<Content>Loved it, good value! We stayed at the Royal Plaza for 8 nights and stayed in the Executive Suite as we travelled with a 3yo and 7month old. Our room was on the 10th floor, these suite go from the 10th to 15th floors. Our room entailed a separate lounge (which is where we put the cot and rollaway bed for the children) which had a large screen TV, a lounge suite and 2 tub chairs, writing desk and coffee table and also a dining table.Our bedroom was very roomy with an iron and ironing board and his/hers wardrobes. It had a king bed with large marble ensuite with bath and separate shower and also a bidet.The turn down service is great in the evenings as they replenish all used towels and fill your ice bucket, empty bins and even tidy your bed etc The views were of surrounding buildings but was a very quiet room with good natural light.We had tea/coffee making facilities and free mini bar which has 2 Tiger beers, 3 cans of Soft Drink, an orange juice and 4 bottles of water daily, which was great.We also got a complimentary choice of buffet meal daily at Carousel and entry to the Royal Club lounge. We chose breakfast and dinners on alternating days, then mid week decided on dinners instead and they happily complied! The range of buffet food was fantastic from sushi, to seafood including prawns and crayfish to Wagyu beef , Duck and Quail- also various roasted meats and a large asian choice. The desserts were fantastic- there really was something for everyone and breakfast just as amazing in choice.We didnt use the Royal Club until a few days before we left as we had the kids, but that was a mistake as we had free breakfast , afternoon tea, all day tea/coffee/soft drinks and evening cocktails which run from 5.30 to 8pm (my husband really enjoyed the cognac!) it was a great place to go together or separately for a bit of quiet!. It is on the 15th floor and the lifts are very fast, so not a problem to get to.We didnt try the wifi but used the complimentary computers.The Pool was a typical hotel pool, but the gym was small but is going to be upgraded this year. Was absolutely a first class, 5 star hotel, but saying that ,we had a mix of business people and families and didnt feel out of place with 2 young children.The staff were friendly and courteous, check in was fast, the door men were knowledgable in everything we asked them, from laundromats to directions!Hotel is very well placed for MRT access and in the heart of Orchard Rd. Also has a supermarket within 100metres.We hired a babysitter for our children for 2hrs in the evening and they are from the hotel- from housekeeping etc so this was organised through the hotel and was $9 per hour (3hr min) for however many children. We will definately stay here again and would recommend the Club Lounge.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UncleLim
<Content>Location not mini bar I recommend this hotel for its proximity to the Orchard Rd shopping district and MRT station. The lobby area was still under some sort of renovation in October 2007 when we stayed there.Our standard room was fairly spacious and has a LCD TV. You have to try the shower for a truly rainy experience but try not to get yourself wet when figuring out how the shower works! The hotel staff was generally friendly and efficient.However, don't expect too much from the free mini bar-couple of soft drinks, orange juice, H2O and local beer. Sorry no spirits available!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>rica1012
<Content>Enjoyed our stay We stayed here 2nd week of October for 2 nights. We got the Deluxe Room. The room had been refurbished, bathrooms was roomy and clean. The room had a flat screen TV. This hotel isnt a 5star hotel but the service and cleanliness was excellent. The lobby  hallways had a wondeful scent to it, smelled very fresh. The buffet breakfast was not bad, lots of fruits and cereal. Then your usual omelletes, pancakes, bacon sausage. I would recommend this to everyone at this price range but if you can afford a bit more Grand Hyatt is very ideal.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>FeedTheFishMayo
<Content>Interesting I booked this hotel for the first 3 nights of a 5 night stay, as the last 2 nights were paid for at the Pan Pacific. I selected this hotel based on the review sbut when I arrived I was initially disappointed. The lobby looked great in the photos but was a bit dated when inspected in person. Staff were very helpful but when I got to the room I thought it was a bit small. The room had been recently renovated and all the fittings were good. The bathroom was spacious but the room had a very strange feature. There was a huge window from the bathroom into the main room. There is a blind that you can pull down for privacy but the issue is a night, if one person goes to the bathroom and turns on the light then the entire room is filled with light. If you want a room with a view, good luck. I would check when you book your room as the only room with a view are the front rooms that face Scott St. Internet access was free, which was great and the hotel is well located for people planning to shop around Orchard Road as it can be hard to grab a cab in the area on the weekend but you can walk back to your hotel. Also the free mini bar was a nice feature. If you want to base yourself near restaurants then I would pick somewhere else. This place is a good location for shopping and bars/nighclubbing.An interesting point is that this hotel is owned by the Sultan of Brunei, so it tends to have a large percentage of Muslim guests. You will find a copy of the Qur'an instead of a bible. This is not a criticism - just an observation.I moved from this hotel to the Pan Pacific where the rooms were much bigger, with great views, but were far more dated and they charged for internet access, etc. If I was going back I would probably choose Royal Plaza for value over the Pan Pacific.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>its_beaver
<Content>happy to stay again I was travelling alone on trip to St Petersburg and used this place as a stop over for a couple of nights. It is excellent value. This hotel is located very close to the MRT which makes it a breeze to get to virtually anywhere. The staff were very polite and provided good promtp service. I had to get a shirt washed and they did a great job and had it back to me within the 8 hours. my room was comfortable and and had plenty of space to move around. the bed was very comfortable and the room was quiet enough for me to forget that I was on a busy strip. The cocktail bar was a lot of fun, I met some very nice people. The breakfast (you should try the Asian) was a bit expensive, but hey I was able to skip lunch because of the open buffet.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Sedgley
<Content>Not a Bad Hotel. Second time I have stayed here and now have a better overall view of the hotel.There is no doubt the hotel is well placed and the fact that it is 100% non-smoking is a big plus.Dinner in the Carousel is expensive and althought he choice is excellent the food was on the cool side. There appeared little or no effort to keep the food warm.The staff are very, very good.But overall, taking into consideration the cost and location, this remains my prefered hotel in Singapore.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>iwishiwasonvacation
<Content>Good location. Service is decent. Rooms are comfy! This is my first time staying at this hotel. My usual hotel is the Hyatt across the road. I managed to get an extremely good rate for this hotel, 50% of what it costs at the Hyatt. Now the outcome.Check-inCheck-in in was quick. I upgraded myself to the lounge for a minimal fee. Somehow I regret putting myself up at the lounge. Service is alright, but rusty compared to the Hyatt Grand Club Lounge.RoomsRooms are very comfortable. I am a member of IPrefer, so I got an upgrade. Upgrades are good! The beds are the same as Westin's Heavenly Bed. I felt so refreshed waking up the next morning.Bathrooms are very nice, marble and good fittings.FoodFood in the lounge is good. It is mostly catered for the Indonesian, Malaysian and Brunei crowd. Very decent selection.LocationRight at the crossroads of Orchard and Scotts, where most of the shopping is located. Plus there is a cinema in the mall next door. OverallStay at this hotel. It has good value for the location it is in. The rooms are very comfortable.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shining_light
<Content>Decent and good value I thought the hotel was well worth the price. It is in such an excellent location - close to shops, food and transport. I cannot fault the service. Staff were always polite and helpful. The doormen were fantastic - always ready to open a door or hail a taxi or greet you as you return from a full day of sight-seeing. I have to say the lobby was impressive and it was nice to wander through the paintings on display. We had a small problem on arrival as we had requested a room with twin beds but were given a room with two beds made up as a king bed. The housekeeping staff were efficient in re-making the beds as we had requested. Our room was on the 7th floor facing a multistorey carpark and the back of another building however since we didn't spend much time in our room, the lack of view wasn't an issue. The free minibar was appreciated at the end of a hot day and having free access to internet service (even for just 15 minutes) was great. We found the room clean and enjoyed the comforts of modern furnishings and bathroom. I would probably have put the hairdryer in a more convenient location - not tucked into a tight spot in the room. It was great to be able to step out of the hotel and be within metres of shops. It's good to learn the underground routes around the Scotts and Orchard Rds area as it keeps you out of the heat and the tropical rain. These tunnels keep you connected to many of the major shopping centres and food courts in the area. If i go back to Singapore I would definitely go back to Royal Plaza and I recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Philosann
<Content>great location for shopaholics My wife and I have stayed at the Royal Plaza 3 times this year and there's no doubt that overall it's very good value for money, having been refurbished in early 07 means that the rooms are efficient, clean and modern if a little on the small side in the bathroom - watch out those of you who like a bath as the de-luxe only had a shower but the premi猫re had both and separately, the shower is of good size and has a choice of small shower head or enormous. Good choice of toileteries and proper bath sized towels.The staff were very friendly and helpful, reception has good staffing levels so check in/out is speedy and efficient. Overall the hotel is well appointed and is in a great location for the professional shopper and tourist but perhaps not the best spot for the City Slickers as the financial area is about 10 - 15 mins away by cab depending on traffic.As to the downside, I personally prefer a lounge/bar area close to the entrance foyer not on the 1st floor, not only for all we people watchers but to spot friends on arrival. However I reserve my main beef for the restaurant, not because it is buffet only, but because it is Halal. ( It does have a wine list howebver). So all of us who like a great English or American breakfast or just a Continental get used to Turkey or Beef Bacon not streaky/Canadian and no cold ham, prosciuttio etc either- for obvious reasons the owner, The Sultan of Brunei, is not a fan of these products. Regrettably you'll be hard pressed to find any mention of this on their website and there's me thinking that Singapore is a great example of transparency for SE Asia. In fact under Dining, the hotel maintains that it caters to every taste - some less than others maybe!! Apart from these it's got my vote.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Malingshu
<Content>Good but expensive I stayed at the RoyalPlaza for a week on business . The room was a little on the small side - okay for one person but would have got a bit crowded with two. For example, the tea and coffee making facilities are inside the wardrobe (!) and you need to have the door open to boil the kettle, but the door opens to the edge of the bed and there's no way to get past to the bathroom. The 'free minibar' is a bit of a joke - bottled water, a can each of coke and sprite, and 2 tiger beers. I was on the 8th floor and all the windows up to about the 9th floor look straight into a multi-storey carpark less than 10 metres away. The hotel is centrally located but this also means that the street outside it is extremely busy day and night. If you want to stay in Orchard Road keep in mind that there aren't many cheap eateries in this part of town.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>CKinSF
<Content>Dirty sheets,clump of hairl in shower! I stayed in the Royal Plaza on Scotts on a stopover on my way back from Bali. We checked in at 1:30 am. The front desk was very efficient, and we got into our room (525) quickly. Then it all went downhill...the room at first glance appeared to be clean, with the beds nicely turned down. But the longer we stayed the more gross it got. First, we had no toiletries, just the empty boxes that say toothbrush, etc, etc. There was an enormous clump of someone's hair on the shower floor. Then when my sister peeled the covers off her bed, she discovered a huge yellow stain on her pillowcase with a piece of tissue that had obviously been wet and dried on the pillowcase!! We called housekeeping immediately to change the sheets, bring us the toiletries, and oh yes, another bathrobe because there was only one. Housekeeping came twice to remedy the problems we uncovered. By the time I was ready for bed it was 3 :30 am and I peeled back the covers on my bed, only to discover that my bed had obviously not been changed either as there were short black hairs all over the bed. But at that point I was so tired I didn't have the energy to call housekeeping for a THIRD time. Housekeeping had been in the room but just to make it look as if it were clean! Disgusting. Especially considering how much this hotel charges. Unacceptable. With all of the choices in Singapore, stay elsewhere. I wish I took pictures, the clump of hair would be enough to say it all.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>mullet_rock
<Content>Excellent hotel! My friend and I just came back from a 4-night, 5-day trip to Singapore. We decided to stay at the Royal Plaza on Scotts because we have heard many good reviews about it and we got a pretty nice deal with asiabesthotel.com.We were not disappointed.Check-in was a breeze and the staff were very friendly. I recommend Karen at the front desk, she is very warm and willing to help out...very knowledgeable, too. Anyway, we were given a room on the 6th floor. We were also informed during check-in that the hotel was smoke-free and the rooms may not have a view. That was fine with us. We all knew this before we came to the hotel, so it was not an issue.The room itself was very clean, I think it was newly renovated. The beds were just right, as were the pillows. I love their slippers, though, very soft and perfect after a day walking through Singapore. Everything else was pretty standard. The bathroom was clean, but no bathtub. Personally, I like it better. I never use the bathtub in hotels anyway and the rain shower head more than made up for the lack of a tub, in my opinion. There had been a bit of a problem with the water heater once, though, but it was immediately fixed, so no biggie.A great touch was the free minibar and the free wireless internet if you have a laptop. If not, there is a complimentary 15 minutes daily use of internet at the business center (2nd floor) for guests. I don't think they're that strict about it, especially when there aren't much people who are waiting to use the computers.The breakfast at the Carousel was good, in terms of variety (and maybe quantity) and about average in terms of the taste and food quality. The ambiance was pretty cool, and the staff as always were friendly and very attentive to your needs (I dropped a fork and was immediately replaced even before I asked for it). As the other reviewers may have mentioned, the buffet does not serve pork. Sausages and bacons are made of chicken, beef or turkey. The hotel is in excellent location. Scotts Road is very, very near Orchard and about 3-5 minutes walk to the Orchard MRT. Beside the hotel is DFS Galeria and McDonalds and other malls just a few steps away. Overall, I would rate this hotel as above average. It falls a bit short on the food (taste and quality). BUT, as we paid SGD210/night including breakfast, we consider this as excellent value for money. So this ups my rating, definitely.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StuMoz
<Content>An excellent hotel       Standard Room  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>AA21
<Content>Loved it       Lobby  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>amysa
<Content>Absolutely marveous We booked directly through the hotel website where we found a better rate compared to other asian hotel reservation websites (although there are times you can catch great deals on wotif or asiatravel). We arrived late as we were only on transit in Singapore. We were surprised to be upgraded to what appeared like the presidential suite. It was a huuggeeee suite! The bathroom had a jacuzzi and a separate rain-shower. The sink was as wide as the reception counter in the lobby (no kidding). Walk-in wardrobe, 2 huge lcd tvs (one in living room one in bedroom), a kitchen, a 10-seater dining table, a separate living room, a separate office/work room, a huge foyer, etc etc etc. Needless to say, it was impressive. Too bad we were booked for only a night. Free broadband internet, free drinks from the minibar. Hotel located on scotts road which is perpendicular to orchard road, Next door is dfs, a few buildings down is isetan department store, diagonally across is tangs department store. Centrally located hotel. We have been back to the hotel a few more times after, and it has always been a pleasant stay, even without the upgrade. Recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zippy10k
<Content>Really nice hotel! We picked the Royal Plaza for it鈥檚 location at the top end of Orchard Road and proximity to the shops and MRT.Check was pretty quick and our bags arrived in the room promptly, although the bell boy looked slightly flummoxed by what to do with two scruffy rucksacks! The concierge was very helpful.Our room was on the 10th floor and overlooked the swimming pool which is actually on top of the shopping mall next door. There was no real street noise, surprising given how busy it is just there. The room wasn鈥檛 huge but was big enough. Free mini bar was a nice touch, especially given how much beer costs in Singapore. Everything was very clean. The shower was superb. Breakfast was the best I鈥檝e had in a hotel, there was a large selection which was both local and western and a constant flow of tea and coffee.The swimming pool wasn鈥檛 very big, when we used it there was no one else there, but was pleasant if a little overlooked.We had a really lovely 4 nights at the Royal Plaza.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Portuguesemanowar
<Content>Nice Hotel, one or two minor gripes The Royal Plaza has a great location being on the junction of Scotts Road and Orchard Road. If shopping is your thing then this could be the hotel for you. By prior arrangement the hotel agreed to let us leave some baggage with them whilst we went to Malaysia for 4 days. The concierge were very helpful and the check in was smooth. As there were 3 of us we needed an extra bed for our son. This took up a significant amount of the free space in the room. The room, a deluxe, is ideal for a couple but not a family of three. The bathroom was lovely, small and functional. Be aware that many rooms only have a shower and not a bath. On the negative side we found the free mini-bar a bit of a con. You get 4 soft drinks and 2 Tiger beers, just adding a couple of half bottles of wine would have made a difference. My advice would be don鈥檛 bother with the free mini bar and buy what you want at the 7-11 across the road, this will probably significantly reduce the room charge. The pool area was also a bit of a let down, there is a massive bar there but it is never manned, all they need to do is put a small fridge in the shaded area and fill it with bottled water. This would make ordering drinks less troublesome and allow you to quench your thirst without a half hour delay. The gym was advertised as state-of-the-art, it wasn鈥檛. They had done the old trick with mirrors to male it look twice the size, but the equipment on offer was limited and not of particularly good quality. The entrance foyer is spectacular, ornately decorated and at night with all the candles lit looks lovely. The bar areas are also very nice and the staff are very attentive, though again they have so many different promotions on drinks that it is very easy to get confused, this includes the staff. Breakfast was included in the price and was very good with an excellent choice of western and eastern menus on offer. All in all the Royal Plaza is a good hotel to stay in, the deluxe rooms are not suitable for families and the pool and gym could do with upgrading but our experience there was generally a pleasant one.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Berylina
<Content>Location Location Location Royal Plaza on Scotts in centrally located to everything you need in Singapore. Orchard Road is about a 2 minute walk, and most shopping centres are within walking distance. When we arrived the receptionist asked us if we wanted to upgrade our room for an extra S$30 per night, which included a bigger suite, free mini bar, and breakfast. We went for the upgrade and weren't disappointed. The suite was a good size, the breakfast was excellent, and the free mini bar was well utilized!The concierge were really helpful. They responded to our every request, no matter how obscure. Nothing was a problem for these guys. We saw an advertisement for a theatre production of The King  I, and asked concierge if they could give us some information about it. No problem at all, they downloaded all the info from the internet, then gave me exact instructions on where the nearest booking agent was located. One day we even asked them where a pet shop was so we could buy a goldfish for our friends fish pond, and they gave us a number of pet shop locations.One word of warning for smokers though - the Royal Plaza is a 100% non-smoking hotel. If you light up inside the hotel they will give you a S$300 cleaning bill. This was not an issue for us as we are non-smokers, however this was not pointed out to us when we made the booking.I would highly recommend the Royal Plaza on Scotts, and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Janice77
<Content>loved singers       candles  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>malolava
<Content>Fantastic experience and great value Taking a long time to choose between the myriad of Singapore hotels, we werent at all convinced we had made the best choice. On arrival at Royal Scotts however, we were thrilled with what we found in terms of service, value, and style. Check in was personalised and very friendly, and there was no problem with our checking in 4 hours too early. The room was small but newly renovated and decorated beautifully, had a fantastic bathtub and free internet connection. But best of all were the extras - a free all day mini bar including soft drinks and beer; free breakfast, afternoon tea and happy hour! We nearly didnt need to leave the hotel for food, although that would have been a shame as Singapore has some delicious hawker markets and restaurants. The breakfast buffet was only average, but the afternoon tea and happy hour offered lovely apertifs and finger food. The pool was nicely renovated but small, and our only complaint was that the poolside was booked out for a function on 2 of the nights we were there so we couldnt make as much use of it as we would have liked. I would definately stay here again for special and luxurious experience.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ZMR
<Content>So, So... Hotel is well located, but the rooms are not up to standard. The bathrooms are small, though you can see they have been recently refurbished. The rooms are not that grand. The dine-in menu is depressing.....lucky the location makes up for alot of the defaults as long as you dont intend spending too much time at the hotel!!!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	3	3	5	

<Author>funkywombats
<Content>A treat! We are backpacking round the world so anywhere vaguely flash should be a treat...but this really was. We had a premiere room (breakfast, minibar and wifi included). The room and bathroom were very comfortable and spotless, modern fittings and furnishings, nice kingsize bed, beautiful linen and towels, flat screen tv, etc. If you don't have your own laptop there is a business centre with limited free internet access (15 mins per day but they aren't too strict about this).Staff were very attentive but not overwhelming. Breakfast was superb - a wide variety of choice. Free newspaper in the morning. Free apples on each floor!!Situated in the main Orchard Road shopping area - bring your credit card - but room was very quiet. Hotel also has an outdoor pool and small gym but we didn't get around to trying those out. Complimentary house cocktail was a nice touch.Overall very good value for Singapore.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>musaffir
<Content>Good hotels and small rooms The hotel was great, the service is excellent.But the rooms were pretty small.The location was very good too.I would say it was good for the price.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>youngelvis
<Content>Best Hotel and Best Service in SIngapore       Heat Ultralounge  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DoktorCB
<Content>Good Hotel, nice location I stood 4 nights at the Royal Plaza on Scotts in end July 2007. I'm coming since quite some years to Singapore and I have found my favorite hotel here already (and I didn't change my mind after this stay) - but this time I thought its time to try somthing else. The Royal Plaza location is very good, more or less in the center of Orchard road - just a few steps out of the hotel and you are in the middle of this shopping street. Even though after years I have discovered that nothing is cheap here. At least there are probably few places in the world where you have such a high rate of premium brand stores. Walking on Orchard is simply a good entertainment, even if you buy nothing. So this I consider as a big plus. Food: of course the hotel has a restaurant but on Orchard you find many more. I prefer Hawker food - which are these nice little boothes where you can order many dishes and share with your friends - and the best of it: outside with no aircondition! That Hawker food is typically less expensive and quite original is the other plus. So staying in Scotts you can easily walk either to a newly built Hawker center on Orchard - just follow the road down to the center of Singapore and you find it shortly after the visitor center on the left or you simply follow Scotts road down to Newton Circle - there is one of the most famous Hawker places in SG - but typically very crowded with tourists. For more original good food you better sit in a taxi and ask the taxi driver for more locations. I also like the Old Market very much which is in the business district. An old market hall from the early 1900's. Now lets talk about the hotel: checkin and the service are excellent and much above the standard. Very friendly and competent. The hotel itself looks every time I go there like just been build. I guess constant renovation is the key. The rooms itself are very tiny. The bathroom was my highlight: I don't like having a shower in the bathtub - I want a real shower and this is what you get here. Even the bathroom is very small, it has a nice and big shower with a real glas door to it where you can simply enjoy the morning. The rest of the room by the way is unspectacular. Nicely equipped to a high standard, with plat panel screen attached to the wall. But the most important: a high speed internet access for free. The free minibar you can forget about: 2 little water, 2 beer, 4 soft drinks. I only had water and 2 is in a location like SG simply too less. So I still have to buy it outside and carry it in the hotel.The pool and the gym: I didn't use both, because I had too less time. But I checked the pool area and I have to admid that it is ok, but much bejond my favorite hotel in SG. The pool is small, the pooldeck is even smaller and you have no view over Singapore. For just a bit of swimming ok, but not for spending there a full day.The breakfast: this is really good and can compete with my favorite one. But one big disadvantage: no pork! I like to have bacon in the morning, but here they either serve beef or turkey bacon - both not my tast. Beside this the food is excellent! Lots of egg choises and they make that fresh for you. The best waffles and pancakes I ever had in a hotel (of course at home that's better ;-). Fruits, salats, bread, cerials etc - as much as you like. And not to forget the asian bar with stuff what we consider as dinner. I can eat that for breakfast as well and it was so good! Most obvious I put on some weight :-)Finally I was very pleased with this hotel and by sure I will come back here. But even with this wonderful experience I do not change my favorite hotel in Singapore because of the nicer pool. But for just being there over the week where I have to work most of the time anyhow, this will be my clear choise in the future.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ARJAY69
<Content>One of the best Singapore hotels we have stayed We have been regular visitors to Singapore over the years and have stayed at a number of different hotels.We stopped over for 3 nights at the Royal Plaza on Scots on our return from 4 weeks cruise holiday out of Athens and 3 weeks in UK.We had prebooked the hotel online prior to departure at a rate which was by far one of the lowest for this quality.To say we were greatly impressed is an understatement.The location can not be more convenient to shopping and Metro stations. Reception,porters and all staff were at all times very friendly and courteous.Our room was spacious,modern,spotless with every modern facility including widescreen plasma satellite connected tv.Free internet access and believe it or not, free daily cans of beer and cool drink from the mini bar.We usually eat out in Singapore but lunch at RP's Carousel is a gastronomic experience which cannot be missed.At under $40S per head,this venue offers fantastic smorgasboard selections including sushi,sashimi,seafoods,salads,asian dishes, roast meats and vegetables,curries,deserts,cheeses ,icecream and more.The place is absolutely packed out daily.You need to book and arrive at opening time!Another thing is you can BYO wine and drink it corkage free.Rating 120/100 We will certainly stay here again whenever we visit Singaporeand will make the Carousel our lunch venue.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iamadude
<Content>Over rated, over priced This hotel is over sold and over billed. It is not a five star hotel. I would give it three at the most.The bottom line is that if they charged three star prices it would be a decent choice..... However they don't. You pay way too much for what you get at this hotel.If you are going to Singapore for shopping or clubbing, then the location is good. For business or regular touristing, the location is pretty crummy. Very crowded area of the city. Cabs are tough to get. Restaurants are expensive.You can do better, for sure.Rooms are tiny. Complimentary mini-bar is a joke (a few soda's and two tiger beers). Gymnasium and pool area are awful. Not what I expect from an Asian five star hotel.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>TanyaMumOfTwo
<Content>Location, value, comfort and service! Excellent hotel. We have just returned from a 10 day family trip to gorgeous Singapore. (Plese see review for first four days at Raffles The Plaza and a Trip Report is still to come). The last two nights of our trip were spent at Royal Plaza on Scotts (RPS), July 11 and July 12.The excellent customer service began before we even left Australia when, after directly booking their best price for two Premiere rooms (1 X King and 1 X Twin, connecting) on the website, we received both confirmation and welcome emails. Then, within a couple of hours, I happened to stumble upon a significantly cheaper rate on another website (all others I'd seen previously had been more expensive than RPS own website offer) and contacted the hotel asking for their policy on Best Rate Guarantee. Whilst the cheaper price did not fully qualify (as it was not instantly confirmed) the hotel came back to me the next business day and said they would match the rate - this actually saved me about AU$300 as we had booked two rooms for two nights so I was very pleased and had a great feeling about the hotel right from the start.I was already aware that RPS was an inner city type of hotel which is what we needed for our two days of shopping. No views, but an excellent location near Orchard MRT and across the road from Far East Plaza and the Grand Hyatt with Tangs and Lucky Plaza just around the corner.The hotel is easy to miss from the outside but it is right next to DFS Galleria which has a large shop front. The lobby is very special and one very quickly leaves the bustling feel of the city behind within a few steps.Michelle checked us in and she was very helpful. Initially though the rate she had us booked at was not the cheaper one confirmed days earlier by email so luckily I had a copy of the email with me which she took to confirm the lower rate. Also our connecting room was not going to be vacant until closer to 10pm (it was 5pm at this stage as we had just arrived via ferry from Bintan - another review on this part of trip will follow). She did her best to see if anything else was available but as the hotel was full this was not possible. So we happily checked into one of our rooms and then went off to explore - upon our return just after 9pm our other room was ready and the rate had been sorted out. Michelle was still on duty and handled the situation very well.The hotel has recently been fully refurbished and the rooms were very clean and comfortable. Quite small (enough room to walk around beds, plus built-in good-sized desk and one arm chair) but we were expecting this so were not disappointed. As we had booked Premiere Rooms we had rooms on the 12th floor and each bathroom had a bath. The rain shower was the best shower I have ever had in my life! It was sensational! Much better than the one at Raffles The Plaza! The beds were comfy and pillows great. The flat screen TV was fantastic. The complimentary mini bar - beer, soft drink and water - was the best thing when you're travelling with two teenagers! Loved it!I never did see the pool so can't comment - although I understand it is more of a lap style. The buffet breakfast in The Carousel was very good but not excellent. Service was a bit erratic and toaster did not work well, but the tea (when it eventually arrived) was hot! I suppose we were spoiled by the breakfast at Raffles The Plaza and for many people The Carousel would seem first class.Our second day at RPS was actually my husband's birthday and at 9pm that evening there was a knock on the door and a tray with a spray of singapore orchids and a truly divine cake from the chocolate shop downstairs was delivered as a gift from the Hotel. It was accompanied by a handwritten birthday card. How special was that!! We organised a late check out on one of the rooms from 12 noon - 4pm @ S$20 per hour as our flight did not leave until the evening. This was easily organised when we checked in.Our check out was efficient and friendly without a hitch. All in all a wonderful choice and I will return there on my next trip to Singapore.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jkiwi
<Content>excellent value We stayed at the hotel on each leg of our tri[p to New Zealand.The staff were very helpful and let us check in in the morning so we could sleep.The rooms are very clean and well equipped.The rooms did not have any view so to speak of.The hotel is in an excellent location  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MDTraveller1
<Content>Great stay on Orchard Road This hotel fits a great niche--the premier rooms are wonderful with large marble bathrooms, a nice business desk and luxurious bedding, the buffet breakfast is great, the service is outstanding, the location is perfect for Orchard Road people watching and shopping, near the botanical garden, etc, and yet is only a quick $5 taxi ride to downtown. The on-line prices were a good value--$200 a night for a first rate hotel including breakfast and the high Singapore hotel taxes in a nice location. Direct international dialing was a bargain. It is best suited for those who don't want the ambience of the massive five-star atrium hotels like the Pan-Pacific, which are set aside in sterile plazas. My only complaint is that they need an additional concierge with better restaurant and shopping advice. One strong suggestion is to avoid the dark, hemmed in lower floors--I moved from a depressing 3rd floor room to the 12 th floor and was happy.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Frqnt-trvller
<Content>Best value for money in central Singapore We are frequent visitors to Singapore from Europe and have stayed at all the major hotels along Orchard Road and Scotts Road. This was our first time at the Royal Plaza; we were so impressed that this hotel just might become our regular!Location is unbeatable, minutes away from THE main shopping area of Singapore. Rooms were very clean, tidy, and felt fresh and new. A little on the minimal side perhaps, but nonetheless very comfortable with all the usual amenities.The bathrooms only have showers, so if that is a problem, then look elsewhere. There were also no railings to hang wet towels on. Breakfast was above average, but by no means excellent - good choice of fresh fruits, cereals, pastries (the croissants were exceptionally tasty!), and warm food (Western and Asian).All in all, a very good choice for a Singapore hotel - best value for money. We will definitely return!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Mystie
<Content>Perfect 10 for Location! Stayed for 3 nights at the RP from 6th of July. First impression (of the outside of hotel) wasn't great, but was impressed with the location from the start. We stayed in a Deluxe Room, and it was obvious that the hotel has kept their rooms recently renovated. Some important points:1. Location unbeatable for shopping! Scotts Rd is just off the main shopping strip (Orchard), very close to major shopping malls eg. Tangs, Takashimaya, Paragon. Also next door to the DFS (duty free shop) Galleria.2. Orchard MRT is just across the road (less than 5 minutes walk), opposite Tangs.3. Room was clean n bed was comfortable. Large working desk fitted with free internet access. Complimentary mini-bar refilled with soft drinks, beer  water everyday.4.Tea/coffee complimentary in the room.5. Iron  ironing board also provided.6. Ensuite has shower only, amenities was sufficient, towels were very fluffy, and bathrobe  in-room slippers were nice n thick.7. Breakfast at the Carousel was enjoyable, the pastries highly recommended. 8. Check in/out was very efficiently handled.9. Keycard required for access to your floor is a nice touch as an extra security feature.10. Restaurants/food outlets in abundance in all the nearby shopping malls.11. Complimentary parking for hotel guests (1 car per room).Overall enjoyable experience, and would definitely stay here again, just for the convenient location!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>qprjames
<Content>Finally a non-smoking hotel !!! What can i say apart from spot on! And finally a hotel where i dont have to breath in peoples second hand smoke!! Location is as good as you could want. nearby to all the major branded hotels but the cost here is a lot less!Rooms are great....a little masculine perhaps. no bath just a shower. Great tv. shame really as the tv channels are very limited.gym is adequate but not anything special. pool area is nice, especially at night when they flick on the pool area nights. Breakfast was not particularly great as far as cooked food goes, but the croisants, cerals, fruit etc were fine.All the staff i encoutered were oustanding. very friendly bunch. i will definately be staying here next time. (the only thing i didnt agree on was their policy on giving locals and residents discounted rates, but charging foreginers higher rates, but i am told that is normal in singapore). Highly recommended none the less!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>varaderoman
<Content>Looks deceive Stayed here 4th June 2007 for a few days. Hotel excellent, service is first class. Situation - in the thick of things, ideal for everything from shopping to subway. Hot and humid but enjoyable.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mollygolightly7
<Content>Pleasant overall We've just returned from a five day stay at the Royal Plaza on Scotts. The hotel is located on Scott just off Orchard so it's very close to many conveniences like shopping, food, The Coffee Bean and Tealeaf/Starbuck's location war, and the MRT. Check in was quick and the curb staff was very attentive.  Our first impression of our room was that it was tiny so we were disappointed at that. It contained a king bed, a desk with a chair, a sitting chair, a bathroom with a shower, and a walk in closet with mini bar. The mini bar consisted of coffee/tea service and beverages (sodas and bottled water) which was replenished daily. The staff was happy to accomodate us with just water since we don't drink sodas (we left a note with the sodas and they were changed out the next day). The room had a mounted wide screen tv opposite the bed and the usual nice hotel things like iron/board, hairdryer, bathrobes/slippers, daily newspaper, laundry service, daily maid/turndown service.  The room was comfortable despite it's size and it was very clean. The nice details were the bed (which had a down comforter, mattress pad, and pillows) and the shower (which was roomy with a handheld and a big rainfall showerhead). It was nice to have the walk in to stow away our luggage and the car seat and the front hall was large enough to keep our stroller handy. One of the disadvantages was that there wasn't a table other than the desk. We have a toddler so when we needed to eat in there was no place to really feed her. And the obvious with a small room was that there was no place for her to roam aside from the closet. Also, when you used the faucet in the bathroom, the drain was really loud and there was a mere 1/2  clearance from the toilet and the bathroom door when it was opened so there's some maneuvering to be done to open/close the door depending on where you are in the room. The hotel has a couple of restaurants but we chose to eat outside of the hotel for a couple of reasons. The prices were high and there were better options for us nearby (we are vegetarian). There is also a pool and gym that we never got around to seeing or using. Overall our stay was pleasant. The staff couldn't be more attentive and the location was excellent. Although our room wasn't the best choice for our family, I imagine it would be great for a single person on business. We got a fair deal online so it made the whole experience fine.  Some pointers:*the key card is needed to use the elevators.*the key card is needed to keep everything on in the room: There is a holder by the door that powers the lights and tv. *check out the shower knob before you turn it on. There is a midline for off and turning one way gives you the handheld and turning the opposite gives you the showerhead. You can't really feel when you've hit the midline and a few times, while trying to rinse off my child's feet, we walked out of the bathroom with our clothes soaking wet.*there is a charge for local calls (although not much)*internet is free *the building is non smoking  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>zedmeister
<Content>Loved ROYAL PLAZA ON SCOTTS. Location ++ and fantastic service We stayed at the Royal Plaza On Scotts in May 2007.We booked a room for 2 adults and 2 kids under 10 years of age through our travel agent.The rooms were fantastic but they definitey were not suitable for 2 adults and 2 kids which was not the fault of the hotel as they advised us that the wholesaler should not have sold the room for 4 occupants. No views from the rooms but it was nice and quiet which was important for us.The hotel upgraded us to a larger corner room at no charge and were very friendly and professional.The check-in was quick and the concierge was fantastic. They were always waiting out the front of the beautiful lobby ready to get you a taxi or to greet you on your return.Rooms were very modern with small but very nice bathrooms.Free daily bar fridge and the breakfast was the best I have ever had anywhere. Abosultely everything available.Excellent location right around the corner from Orchard Road and right near the MRT train station.I really cant rave about the staff more. The hotel has been recently renovated and is spectacular at night with the lobby lit with hundreds of candles.Look at their website for photos.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JKWD
<Content>Great business hotel The hotel is in a prime location, right in the major business and shopping areas. The room is spacious with a huge working desk and a free mini bar. The bathroom is large with a big shower booth (no bathtub though). The service is good and the buffet breakfast is excellent, really a lot of choices and 1/3 of the dishes changes every day! But the hotel lacks good leisure amenities, the pool is tiny and the view sucks. After all, it is a top business hotel, not a resort hotel.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>shopaholicsPerth
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at this hotel for 5 nights, check in fast and efficient even at 3.30 am. We went to Singapore to shop during the Great Singapore sales. Hotel is walking distance to all the major shopping centres in Orchard Rd. Concierge was extremely helpful when we needed them. Free internet was a huge bonus, you need to ask for an adaptor for Aus laptops.Did not eat in the hotel as buffet meals quite expensive. SO many cheap eating choices within walking distance. Would definitely stay here again for the location and value for money.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>expatchick
<Content>Great Value - Great Location My family ( 2 kids - 3  4 yrs old) and I spent a long weekend in Singapore staying at the Royal Plaza on Scotts and we were very pleased with the whole experience. Check-in was quick, rooms were lovely; it has just been renovated and felt very modern and clean. The rooms are not huge - but hopefully you are not spending your days indoors whilst in Singapore as there is so much to see and do there! The pool is great - perhaps not entirely child-friendly but lovely none-the-less. Best of all was the price - it was about half the price of most hotels in the area and it is in such a good location - moments to all the shops and restaurants on Orchard Road. There is also a complimentary mini-bar - includes some standard drinks - which is a very nice touch!! Only thing I would have liked is to have had a clock in the room - but apart from that - totally perfect hotel for a weekend away if you dont want to spend a fortune!!  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>JulesAnne
<Content>Renovated but issues HiThere have been some great reviews about the renovated Royal Plaza on Scotts. I asked my TA to book me there. She got a rate of AUD 640 for 3 nights with a late check out. BTW RPS charges by the hour for late check outs.I joined IPrefer beforehand as it is their loyalty plan and the website says members receive an upgrade if possible. I was planning on staying again in October.I arrived at 11.00pm and initially they told me that I had to pay for the late check. I showed them the booking details. Then I asked them for the upgrade for IPrefer. That was definitely not forthcoming but they gave me a S$20 voucher for lunch or dinner. You need to ask. However, the restaurant will be closed on Monday as it was their Grand Opening.When I arrived in the room, it was tiny!!. Nothing like the pictures in reviews.By this time it was midnight. I immediately got wireless connection which was great. I then curled up in bed to read my book. Turned the overhead ceiling bed light on and all the lights in room, including the spotlight opposite the bed over the mirror. There are no bedside lamps. There was no way to read without feeling like you were in an interrogation room. Called front desk. They told me to move to other side of the bed and turn that light on. It is impossible to turn that light on unless the master on the other side is on which turns every light in the room on again. If you had a partner sleeping with you, he/she could not turn the light on to go to the bathroom. He would have to wake you to get you to turn the master on.The hotel engineer came up and checked it. He said that was how all the rooms in the hotel were wired. Duty manager phoned and apologised. Agreed this was a OHS issue. Turned lights off - the noise from trucks below and service kept me awake.Complained the next morning and they moved me up a couple of floors to a regular room. Realised that the initial room abutted the service lift and was two/thirds size of reg. room. Therefore the wardrobe was at the back of the bathroom and pushed the bed right down to the window.Still have lighting problem. Hotel provided me with a bed lamp which was perfect, but the wiring for the rooms need to be reconfigured.When I checked in they offered me breakfast at S$20 per day (net net) if bought upfront, otherwise it would be S$37.00. I bought the 3 breakfasts which were OK. However, the restaurant is Halal and the last morning I brought my tube of vegemite (Vegetarian yeast extract) and a waiter told me I couldn't eat it as it was Halal. Next time I will eat outside.I had a lot of appointments on the Monday and went across the street for dinner at the Far East Plaza. After doing a bit of shopping I was buggered. Arrived back at the hotel at 7.00pm to be told I couldn't enter as it was the Grand Opening. (Hotel) Guests arrived from the airport, joggers were waiting, A family had a baby who needed to be fed and changed, I needed to call my daughter before she went to bed in Australia. We all had to wait for half an hour while the festivities went on. Finally, the jogger rebelled and they were forced to let us into the hotel so we could get to our rooms. I think it would have been nice to have in someway included the hotel guests in the opening.On the positive side, the minibar is nice, staff tried to resolve issues and the beds are nice. Just insist you are not give Rm 516 or equivalent. I don't think you should get the worst room in the house because you are checking at a late time. I was always able to get a taxi.I ate in the restaurant on the Tuesday night and the food/buffet was very good.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	2	4	5	

<Author>Pepperoo
<Content>Good value with great location and service!       work desk  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Redglue
<Content>The largest shower head I've ever seen!       Recently renovated room with LCD TV.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cosmicsultana
<Content>Short but sweet While I was in Singapore for only 1 night on a quick business trip, I was pleasently delighted by the hotel the company chose!I checked in quite late in the evening, and checked out very early in the morning, but the night shift staff were excellent and had smiles all round. I was pleasently surprised by some hamburger shaped macaroons in the room waiting for me, and the complimentary mini bar. However, there were only 2 beers, 2 bottles of water and some orange juice in there!Trendy room with velvet couch, big LCD TV, rain water shower (great fun for someone who lives on water restrictions), comfortable beds, and spotlessly clean - very happy with the room.I was in an executive room so had complimentary breakfast in the lounge upstairs which was very difficult to find - no signs on the top floor to point to the room. Great breakfast - better than the average hotel breakfast buffet.Non smoking was a plus too!I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>marcstrauch
<Content>Good location, nice rooms, great breakfast       The hotel room  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>loopymum
<Content>great hotel This was a great hotel. We stayed here for 2 nights. Arrived early so upgraded to premiere room. The rooms were great. The view wasn't fantastic but were told all the rooms looked out to other buildings. Breakfast was fantastic. We have never seen such choices in all the hotels we have stayed in. On inquiring we were told lunch was complimentary. I was a little disappointed that no-one had mentioned it to us, until we had inquired. On checking out we were charged for our lunch and were told lunch is not free on the first day as we had arrived early. I explained that I had phoned and spoke to someone who assured me that it would be. We hadn't eaten on the second day as we were out so they let us off. So please enquire about any meals to see what is complimentary and what is charged. The staff were all very pleasant. The business centre staff were fantastic and allowed my daughter to use the computer and did not charge even though she had gone over her time. I would stay here again.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DtotheC7
<Content>Non-smokers haven!       Nice room  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>tex101
<Content>Great value This hotel offers fantastic value. Service was very good . Rooms are nice and the property has an interesting contemporary pool. Location is great for shopping.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>NinArizona
<Content>A great hotel This hotel is a no-brainer if your a non-smoker. They take their non smoking rule seriously. The hotel is immaculately clean 鈥?both the public areas and the rooms.My room was spacious by Asian standards (adequate by US standards) but very well decorated and supplied. The bathroom amenities were excellent and included a razor, toothbrush as well as all the 鈥渦sual鈥?shampoos and lotions. The room included both robe and slippers as well as an iron and board.Bedding was quite nice, and the room included both down and foam pillows already in the room.The only negative about this hotel was the restaurant. While the food was very good, all meals are buffet only. If you鈥檙e a light eater, the value is not very good (S$23 for breakfast S$65 for dinner). I would have appreciated a menu option a well but they don鈥檛 offer it.All in all, this is an excellent hotel 鈥?a great value with a staff that seems to enjoy their jobs and take their responsibility to serve their guest seriously.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>crispypata
<Content>Great Location! Bad Food! Stayed here during Easter Week. My bestfriend and had planned the trip months before and heavily relied on tripadvisor. We finally selected this hotel since it's newly renovated plus its located at Scotts Road which is adjacent or across Orchard Road. I believe it was a great stay. When I was dropped by the Taxi at the lobby, I thought I was staying at a Mall (well like most of the hotels if you stay in this area have shopping malls on their lobbies). It never felt like a home hotel. Check-in was a breeze.We were given a room on the 5th Floor and we had a wall as our view. It's okay since we had this hotel at a very cheap price (booked at Asiabesthotel.com) and we got it at only S$210/night which I believe is reasonable enough.The rooms were very clean. Very new and smells really fresh. The air-conditioning was really really really cold which was really great for me!It has great location and is walking distance to many food establishments and the shopping. It was also near the ORCHARD MRT Station, like around 5 minute walk. What I don;t like is the breakfast. Though you have many things to eat in the hotel.. I really miss the pork. The hotel I heard is owned by the Sultan of Brunei making it a haven for our Muslim brothers.. hence the food.Over-all I like it. But I will prefer another hotel just to have that home-like feel.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>MickiAustralia
<Content>Fantastic hotel Wonderful hotel. We were upgraded to a premier room - very nice - big comfy bed - husband loved the plasma TV. I liked the complimentary mini bar :) The bathroom was fabulous but kept the blind down - very disconcerting using the loo in front of anyone I think - not sure why they have a huge window between the bedroom and the bathroom really - kinky :) Included in our rate was either breakfast or lunch at Carousel - we did both. Breakky the usaul 5 star selection but lunch was unbelievable. We have eaten in some wonderful restaurants over the years but the quality and selection of the buffet was truly exceptional. I would highly recommend the lunch even if it's not included. I think it cost S$ 35 ++ worth every cent. Yes we will be back. Great position just off Orchard Road. Nice little pool - stunning foyer.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>umbongo73
<Content>Great Place to Stay What a great hotel. I stayed here for a few days during a company conference also held in the hotel. I can not find fault with anything. I had a club level room and found the standard, service , facilities, value for money and location all to be excellent. I believe the rate was S$300/night including breakfast at club level.The buffet restaurant and small bar located in the hotel were of an excellent standard and I loved the sushi in particular. Reading previous reviews, I had a room next to the elevator shaft and never heard a thing, day or night.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>climax46
<Content>Royal Plaza - no place to sleep We booked this hotel , requesting a quiet room as we are country dwellers , paying US$196.00/night for deluxe room and stayed four nights in April 2007 .We had the worst hotel stay of our entire life .First room we were sent to had no bath tub , we paid additional $35/ night for upgraded room with bath tub .Second room we were provided was on floor 7 , next to lift shaft and airconditioning plant room . Room change No. 2 soon happened along with our complaint to management to attempt to read guests preferences .Third room was on level 12 , doing quite well untill adjacent three rooms began a meeting / conference in doorways and passages at 8.30pm . We requested these guests to allow us to enjoy our ammenities without disruption and noise from fellow guests .No joy there , room change No.3 soon after .Room No.4 was great , had bath , but no hot water .Hotel attempted to rectify water temperature , without success .Kept awake by fellow guests with loud television and room doors banging closed , most of the night .Second night , again noise from room doors slamming closed and fellow guests .Third night complained to management about noise from adjacent room , and management resolved that incident very well , evenually obtaining us some sleep .Fourth night , now quite sleep deprived , we now had hot water to bath in , but again very little sleep .Management apologised , sent flowers and tee-shirts to room , but what we required was a change of hotel .  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Sue020
<Content>Great hotel, highly recommended       Club Room on 15th Floor  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hydepark
<Content>Very Impressed       ground floor of hotel  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	-1	5	

<Author>Brian66
<Content>Highly Recommended It's hard to find a perfect hotel (except maybe the Peninsula in Bangkok), but this one does it's best. We stayed for 11 days which is a fair test. Check in was around midnight and the service was excellent. The entire hotel is non-smoking, which for us was a bonus. The room was a little small but most adequate, with a flat panel TV on the wall, a good work station, bar fridge, coffee and tea kettle and a very comfortable king sized bed.Try to get the odd numbered rooms as they have much better exposure to pool and view. (such as it is in Singapore.) We noticed a small amount of water on the marble floor when we first entered the bathroom. Next morning we called and they sent someone up to repair the leak. This hotel had just finished a major remodel, so you can expect the odd problem. In the end they moved us to the room next door, which had the same bathroom without the leak. I rank a lot of hotels by the shower and the rain shower head in these bathrooms was one of the best I've ever used.The rate included an excellent breakfast buffet, which catered to all the different ethnic meal choices very well. In addition they restocked the bar in our room every day and supplied high speed internet access (that worked) both at no additional charge.One little tip...they are demolishing a building located between the Hyatt and Marriot, which are across the street from the Royal Plaza. Although the noise was considerable 12 hours a day, it was not apparent in our hotel, but must have been terrible in the those two hotels.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ktmack89
<Content>FANTASTIC PLACE! 5* +++++ service!!!! 11 out of 10!! Royal Plaza on Scotts!!! Well i havent been to singapore in years and before my daughter started uni, and started back at work- we decided to take a trip to singapore. We were searching through the places- and we saw that this hotel had just undergone major major renovations. THis place is great value!!! Nice rooms- make sure you get the view towards the pool- in singapore the view is always mainly buildings but its better this side. THe staff were brilliant! I would say that they are defintely 5 star +++. They are always lovely- helpful! very helpful!!! The food from the restraurant there- carousel is great- the food and especially the breakfast is fantastic- like you are full for the entire day. THere is just so much to say about this place- its great.... its fantastic. The location was great too- its right near orchard road- and there is the bus stop practically outside, and royal plaza books you taxis when required, there is also the MRT right near by. So if you considering staying in singapore- in a lovely, smoke free hotel- go there- the broadband internet access is great. It is one of Singapores best business hotels- but i truly recommend this for all- it was great. Value for money!!!! VERY HAPPY! 11 out of 10!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Don648
<Content>Staff! Great staff, excellent room and service. Well placed for all shops and underground.I'm going back soon.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Melnq8
<Content>Still the best hotel service in Singapore I've been a frequent guest at Royal Plaza on Scotts for well over two years. When the hotel closed for renovation in the fall of 2006, I very much anticipated the 2007 re-opening. The hotel rooms had become tired and run down and a full renovation was long overdue.Two weeks ago, the Royal Plaza re-opened for business, but to date, only floors 12 (Premier), 13, 14  15 (Club) are available to guests. All other floors are still in the process of renovation and are scheduled to re-open in March 2007.Anxious to check out the new digs, I booked a club room for two nights. I was given a room on the 12th floor (Premier), and was told the room was the same as those on the club floors above. I also had access to the club floor facilities.When I checked in I expressed concern about possible construction noise and was told the work would stop at 8 pm. This was not to be - on both nights drilling and hammering continued well past 10 pm. I contacted the front desk and the noise ceased shortly thereafter.The room was nice, but felt small. The bathrooms are bigger than before and contain separate tub and shower stall with rain shower. Understandably, the extra space needed for the bathroom was taken from the rest of the room.There were HUGE bath sheets (almost too big) and plenty of nice amentities in the bathroom. The room was nicely decorated and the bed was comfortable with a crisp cotton duvet. It felt completely geared to business travelers - there was a corner unit work station with an attached mini bar, and a single wing back chair. Gone are the small round tables and chairs, the vanity and small TVS. Now there are large 32 flat screen TV's mounted on the wall with a few shelves beneath the TV for storage.There's a safe and coffee making area in the closet. What I liked most - improved air conditioning system, comfortable bed, big TV with decent choice of stations to choose from and best of all, the same incredibly gracious employees I've come to know over the past two years. The service at the Royal Plaza is the best I have ever enountered anywhere. The employees are genuinely helpful and friendly. And get this, the entire hotel is now completely smoke free! What I didn't care for - room felt small and seemed designed for one person, there was no clock, and the corner work station overwhelmed the room, there was a lip on the door threshold leading into the bathroom which was easy to trip over.Breakfast, high tea and cocktail hour on the club floor are similar to before the renovation. Food choices have changed a bit, but it all seems a bit fussy - fancy nibbles displayed on tiny odd shaped china, small pieces of pastry tipped into delicate stemware, etc.Will I go back ? Absolutely, but I'll most likely wait until the rest of the hotel is open and book a non club floor room. The location of the hotel and the consistently good service are enough to bring me back.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Juanee
<Content>Swell Singapore Property Coming in around midnight from Bali, i was impressed with the swift check-in. Room was a bit dated but quite nice, plus an included mini bar was, honestly, one of the reasons for booking.Breakfast was a good spread of hot dishes, salads and fruits.The real draw is the location, location, location (at a great price to boot!) with more expensive cousins as neighbors (grand hyatt in front)!Wouldnt mind parking my bags here again with the right rates!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ATraveller11
<Content>Good value for money, but very average overall. I stayed here for 4 nights on a long week-end away. The hotel is in the centre of Singapore鈥檚 shopping district and within minutes鈥?walking distance of several other big name hotels like Marriott, Grand Hyatt and Hilton, but a fraction of the price. This, together with its decent reviews, was one of the main reasons why I booked the hotel.The room was on the old and small side. The carpet was quite stained and tired, and could do with a good shampoo. The TV was small and old, and could do with being replaced. The shower curtain also could have done with being replaced. I wasn鈥檛 really expecting that much more for the price, which was GBP 72 per night.I booked a non smoking room with a king bed through Expedia weeks in advance, and for some reason they could only provide us with a non smoking room with 2 twin beds. This was quite annoying.The pool area was a bit small, but quite good though. It looked a lot newer than the actual rooms, and had some very nice touches to it like the finishing around the pool, and the matching pool furniture. The gym equipment looked very high tech and modern as well. I was not a big fan of sitting by the pool though, because there were far too many screaming annoying little children.Location is very good, just minutes walk away from all the major shopping malls on Orchard Rd. There are some bars/clubs that are very close by, like Bar None at Marriott and Brix at the Grand Hyatt, but nightlife in Singapore is scattered around everywhere. Apart from Clarke Quay, it isn鈥檛 really concentrated anywhere. To be honest there is nothing to do in Singapore besides go shopping. I would highly recommend Crossroads Cafe at the Marriott. It is a 5 min walk, and I liked it so much that I went everyday. The food was so delicious, and its fun to watch passers by walk up and down Orchard Rd. The lamb chops with mashed potato were the best I鈥檝e tasted in my life.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	5	2	2	4	-1	

<Author>paulpowell
<Content>Top Hotel with Top service Royal Plaza on Scotts is due for some refurbishment in September 2006 which will update its apperance. We stayed in August 2006 for 4 nights prior to a cruise and one night after. We found it to be first class and the only two faults we could find was that there was sometimes a queue at breakfast for the buffet (sometimes LONG and up to 20 mins) and the prices in the hotel bar are quite high ($S15 for a can of Killkenny beer).The seafoof buffett on Friday nights is excellent but at $S48 (plus taxes and service charges) its a far more expensibve opton than what is available outside the hotel  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hopsing
<Content>Exceptional service all round Fourth stay at this hotel and it never disapoints. Great personal service from all staff from front door to management.. Everyone goes out of their way to may sure that you are comfortable and enjoying your stay. In terms of service, one of the best hotels I have stayed at. Excellent breakfast too!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ladybentley
<Content>Good value for money, good service and a great location! I found this hotel to be good value for money at the internet rate I booked. Location is great - just a few steps up Scotts Road from Orchard Rd and easy walking to loads of shops and malls. Bus stops, including the one for the SIA hop on-hop off bus, were just two minutes away. The hotel has a beautiful large foyer with the buffet restaurant to the side. Breakfast buffet was included and the free bottles of water and soft drinks in the mini-bar were very welcome. The room was well furnished and spacious with a convenient dressingroom to the side. The bathroom was also well equipped with a large vanity bench, bath and overhead shower. It was maybe a little on the tired side and the bottom of the door had suffered from water damage at some time but otherwise fine. The room was very quiet except for a little noise coming from the elevators next door. The staff was pleasant and friendly and were particularly helpful when I returned soaked from a tropical thunderstorm after checking out on my last day. They let me get dry clothes from my suitcase in the luggage room and allowed me to use a room in the executive suite to dry off and change. Excellent service indeed!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Calbiry
<Content>Free mini-bar, internet and a great location! For the price I paid, I wasn't expecting much from this hotel. But I was pleasantly surprised at what I received. The location is fantastic - all the shopping delights of Orchard Rd is right outside your door - the lobby was pretty special, and the staff were helpful. I found the porters particularly accommodating. The rooms have been well maintained and are clean and modern, and the free in-room broadband internet access and free mini-bar are major advantages. Sure, the mini-bar only has a selection of drinks, but it's a lot better than you would receive elsewhere. When I stayed, the hotel also had World Cup coverage, which other, more expensive hotels did not subscribe to. There were a few leftover items in one of the hotel drawers, the hairdryer was standard motel fare, and the shower was difficult to operate, but it was otherwise a fantastic hotel that I would return to and recommend!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sal the Fat Fish
<Content>A good choice for a reasonable price I must first make a confession -- I chose staying here this time round because of the attractive promotional rate of S$160, which includes two breakfasts and all the complimentary mini-bar drinks! I did not expect too much on this hotel, but I must say I was somewhat pleasantly surpised. Yes, it's old and you can see it. It's also in need of a renovation, but everything else works fine. The bathroom remains clean and in good working condition, except for being a bit small. The room carpet is a bit worn out but remained fine. I think with the price I am paying, this is a good deal totally! I have paid about 40 Singapore dollars more for other supposedly better hotels in other parts of Singapore, but had got worse off conditions. This hotel is slated for a renovation at the end of the year. I think with the touch ups and refurbishment, it should get better but hopefully, not too expensive. And oh yes, did I mention the good service? The front office manager Benny is not only cute looking, but also pleasing as a service provider. Keep up the good work!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bigpud
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed here for 2 nights with partner 4 children in April.We had connecting rooms each with 2 double beds.Rooms were clean and had all the mod cons.View onto carpark not so good but we were not in the room much.Pool small.Nice deck area though.Great location,right next to shops catering for all price ranges.Food outlets right next door.MRT Orchard rd 5 mins walk.Great place to stay.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ebert3198
<Content>HIghly recommend We have just spent 4 nights at the hotel, with an upgrade to a premier room and I can highly recommend it. Central to everything. Orchard Road shopping is easy to walk to as you are right at one end of the shopping precinct. And the MRT is right at your door step. Not that you probably need it as taxis are so cheap. Excellent service and friendly staff. Pictures you see on the internet are just like what you get. Facilites are high standard. So if you want somewhere to stay that is reasonably priced and treats you like 5 star, give this one high consideration.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>stay away such a shocking and outrageous service at check in - had to wait 10 hours and then had the nerve to change our booking rate to a high us$170 - if you travelling some distance to arrive into singapore - then stay away from this hotel - what misery  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>mr_mojo_risin
<Content>Great value and so many extras Stayed at this hotel as a stopover. Took about 20 minutes by taxi from Changi airport. Had a club floor room which meant it came with all the extras, complimentary breakfast, afternoon tea and cocktail hour (may have been 2) and free drinks in minibar. We also asked for a late check out in the afternoon which we got at no extra cost and also allowed to take in afternoon tea. Room was very nice and will be staying again at this hotel when travel to Singapore next. Good location as well for Orchard Road shopping. Overall highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tired.... I agree with some of the reviews above. Its a large hotel but the rooms and floors look very tired. It need renovating  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>HazelK
<Content>Free Mini mini-bar!! My husband and I stayed for three nights in February at the Royal Plaza. On checking in, we were asked if we had changed our booking as there was nothing on the system. It seemed that even though I had booked for the previous night and warned them that we would not be checking in until 7am the next day the booking had been cancelled as a no-show. This thankfully was soon rectified and we were allocated our club level room with complimentary breakfast for that morning. The hotel has a very grand entrance and is absolutely brilliant for the main shopping district of Orchard Road, with shops, food courts and cinema all within 300 metres. The room over looked a car park unfortunately, but we were not in that long every day. The best thing was the free mini (very mini) bar which contained 2 beers, water and soft drinks which was refilled each morning. We also had access to the exec lounge which was good for the snacks and cocktails in the evenings, but the breakfast was average. Overall, the staff were very helpful (but then everyone we encountered in Singapore was) so I would recommend this hotel if you can find a good rate. We paid 210 Singapore dollars,plus, plus, for a night  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>No_Fixed_Address
<Content>Enjoying Our Stay Greatly! We are currently in the midst of a six-night stay at this hotel. We obtained a very favorable rate for a stay on the club floor, which includes rooms with Broadband Internet, breakfast, afternoon tea, and a cocktail hour in the club room on the 15th floor. When we checked in (after midnight) the room clerk did not have a record and quoted us a much higher rate. We handed her our e-mail confirmation and the next morning everything was resolved immediately without question.Based on our previous stays in Singapore, Beijing, Shanghai, and Hong Kong, I have no hesitation in rating this hotel as a 4+. The only negative is a slightly musty smell in the rooms and corridors, but otherwise our room is comfortable and the service is great.The buffet breakfast on the club floor is more than adequate, and both afternoon tea and the cocktail hour include tasty morsels. There are also a couple of computers linked to the Internet in the club room with free access for those who did not bring laptops.Access to Orchard Road and the MRT is excellent. In summary, we are very pleased with the hotel and would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay We thoroghly enjoyed our stay at Royal Plaza on Scotts. We found the staff to be courteous and helpful and the hotel room was adequete to our needs. It was very close to Orchard Rd and close to Transport to get to other places.I am unsure of the cost of the rooms as we booked a long trip at a variety of places through our travel agent but it was certainly of a much better standard then some of the places we stayed in Europe.The breakfast was very extensive and enjoyable and we also had dinner in the restaurant one night which was great.We would reccomend this place to stay and we would stay again if visiting Singapore.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>goiltraveler
<Content>A real ripoff We were there on a family holiday on Dec. 31st, 2005 and booked the rooms on net . On reaching , found that the rooms were grossly overpriced. The hotel and the rooms look quite bare. Even on 31st Dec. the hotel looked dead , no festive activities inside. The front office staff was quite curt. Other staff was quite ill informed. Not a place worth staying.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>memoo
<Content>Excellent hotel! This is a fantastic hotel. The location is unbeatable, within a 1-2 minute walk to the heart of Orchard road. The room was extremely clean and tastefully furnished. We stayed in a twin room on the 9th floor (non smoking) and the room was very large. I'm also very particular about cleanliness in hotel bathrooms and could not fault this either. The customer service was excellent, with very friendly reception staff (they took the time to select a good room for us). Would highly recommend this hotel and definitely stay there on my next trip to Singapore.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>brozzers
<Content>Only average We chose to stay at Royal Plaza based on the mainly good reviews from other contributors, and were a slightly disappointed. Our room was okayish, a very standard bedroom, bathroom had seen better days. Breakfast was included in the price, but the food was rather poor - interesting bacon strips!However, the staff were friendly  helpful, and as others have mentioned the hotel is located close to the MRT station  the hop on hop off bus stop.A nice swimming pool area, the pool itself was rather cold though.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, good value, easy place to stay Stayed at this hotel for 4 nights with my two kids (10  7) on a school break from Bangkok. Hotel upgraded me to a Club Deluxe room (no extra charge) maybe because I requested for 2 king size beds (?). Agree hotel rooms are nothing fancy, but I paid US $65.00/night with breakfast for 3, which I thought was good rate for what we got. The location is fabulous - close to buses, MRT, etc. Service was good, breakfast buffet all the standard choices (cheese, egg choices, cereal, asian standards, good breads, etc.), room cleaned promptly, and nice touch to have free mini bar and apples. We ordered room service and enjoyed that too.All in all a successful visit. Might look for something with more character next time, but would stay here again, especially if could get this price.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't bother I stayed at this hotel just recently with my mother for short 5 night break. I booked the on hotel on wotif but was very disappointed when we arrived. The room was very small and the bathroom was like something that you would see in a budget hotel. I have also stayed at Meritus Negara and Raffles the Plaza on different visits to Singapore and the room standard of these hotels is far better. We did upgrade to the Club Deluxe room thinking the room would be better but all rooms are the same. The only difference is that you get breakfast included and some afternoon tea and a drink in the evening. All very well but we were never there at those times and the breakfast was terrible. I couldn't bring myself to eat anything except the dry old fried rice and some toast. The mini bar was a joke and on two occassions hadn't been restocked.Also without spreading accussations my mother had $50 go missing from her bag on the first day. Normally your room would not be cleaned until you have left for the day but they would come and clean our room while we were at breakfast which mean't we kept interrupting them and it was on one of these occasions the money went missing.It's states on the booking voucher that we would be entitled to 6pm checkout. We also had to fight for this. They said it was subject to availability. I found it very difficult to believe they were full and argued with them until they gave in.On a more positive note. The staff were very friendly and cannot complain about them. The location is also excellent for Orchard Road. I will definitely try somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Travel Breaker   showReview(4087517, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overpriced and a rip-off   showReview(4030128, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>maac56
<Content>Excellent Hotel and Great value for money.   showReview(3933184, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kanerva
<Content>Very Nice!   showReview(3680842, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely and of good value   showReview(3575646, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dogcowzz
<Content>Great location   showReview(3508205, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CX
<Content>An amazing place to stay...   showReview(3499572, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gangy77
<Content>Location, Location   showReview(3375892, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sethlad2
<Content>Value   showReview(2363461, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location for shopping   showReview(2228590, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes hotel in guter lage   showReview(20550589, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hotel tres bien place et tres confortable   showReview(20550590, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jesusito1975
<Content>Habitaciones muy peque帽as, resto bastante bien   showReview(19597614, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel,   showReview(19642221, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gute Lage   showReview(19642223, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel bien situ茅   showReview(19642219, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fjk_am
<Content>蹇仼銇┖闁撱仺渚垮埄銇牬鎵€   showReview(18870008, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel au plein centre   showReview(19642222, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lage in Scotts Road Optimal   showReview(19642220, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel mitten im Einkaufsparadies   showReview(18533569, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Muy buen Hotel   showReview(17437046, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent   showReview(17437045, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr angenehm   showReview(16592523, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>celestineb
<Content>Parfait!!!   showReview(14846835, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent   showReview(14728039, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ein Beispiel f眉r beste Gastlichkeit   showReview(14728046, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y retournons sans hesitation   showReview(14728038, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dentcheung
<Content>TOP, gerne wieder   showReview(13674056, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13980245, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>very nice hotel in the beating heart of singapore   showReview(13980244, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zu empfehlen   showReview(13191180, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien   showReview(11306098, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Royal Plaza on Scotts   showReview(11306104, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel in excellenter Lage   showReview(11306099, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(11657783, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Geheimtipp f眉r Singapur   showReview(11306097, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lager in Singapur   showReview(11306096, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournons d猫s que possible   showReview(11495691, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien   showReview(11396376, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Immer wieder   showReview(11392190, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel correct prix un peu 茅lev茅   showReview(11361782, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ausgezeichnet   showReview(11352829, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>effektiver normalurlaub   showReview(11352832, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nach der Renovierung empfehlenswert   showReview(11352831, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bel hotel et bonne situation   showReview(11352830, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un h么tel 脿 ne pas rater   showReview(11329516, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銉ゃ儷銉椼儵銈躲偑銉炽偣銈炽儍銉?#x201d;   showReview(19929728, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹舵棌鏃呰銇т粬銇浗銇...   showReview(19922832, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銉併儯銉笺儔銉兗銉夈伀...   showReview(19919732, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

