<Author>kmohiuddin
<Content>Great hotel and great customer service by Storm This Holiday Inn was very comfortable to stay at. Never had any complaints during my stay. The bathroom was a good size. One of the main reason to pick this hotel is Storm. He is the person who makes sure his guest are well attended to. Language is the biggest barrier in China. Storm speaks good English which makes it very easy for you to ask questions and get advices on where to eat and what to see while you are there. If you don't already have a day-to-day plan when you arrive at Beijing, Storm will help you with that. Storm will also go out of his way to make sure you reach your destination, stay after his regular work hours as well to help out. There was one time, when the front desk got us a taxi for the wrong place, but luckily I had Storm's number, and when i called him from the taxi, he immediately answered and talked to the driver to explain where we wanted to go. Storm took us to two restaurants- youth restaurant and Dragon light. Dragon light is very good for mushroom soup and Youth is good for peking duck. I have to say, Dragon light had very good customer service, but if you cant speak Chinese, it will be extremely hard for you to order any food without Storm around. One more thing, to keep a note of, there is a massage place behind the hotel, if you go there, please make sure to specifically tell them that you don't want any talking during the massage, our masseuse kept talking the whole one hour. This place is a little away from the main sight seeing sites. You have to use the taxi,if you are relying on metro/bus, it might be a small walk. Overall was great trip in Beijing.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>crosis
<Content>The hotel is great, Storm is better! This hotel is simply one of the best I have stayed in ever... and I have stayed in some famous ones.The staff are excellent, the breakfast is huge, and the rooms comfortable. While I had a small issue with the noise outside my room (soldiers on patrol as we happened to hit Beijing at the same time as 40 world leaders!), everything else made up for it and I was offered another room if I needed to move.The breakfasts were massive and I defy anyone not to find something they like. Even so when I asked for peanut butter and bacon on white toast it was no problem. However even though everything in the hotel was great, the thing I remember most is Storm. This guy is amazing. For example I was eating breakfast and he came over to say hello. I was talking about the fact we were going shopping at a Mall no one seemed to know and he instantly pulled out a map and identifed where we needed to go and what we needed to ask for. Another time we were walking along the road to the Youth Restaurant and he hapened to see us. As we werent completely sure where we were going he turned around came with us, introduced us to the staff and made sure we had ordered and eveything was OK before leaving! On our last night Storm even took us off to a small restaurant (Dragon Light) which is a small family restaurant a couple of kms from the hotel. This night ended up of being one of our highlights of China even though we spent amost a month travelling to a wide number of places. If you are in Beijing and dont want a tacky tourist stop but do want the best food ever then Dragon Light is the answer. The owners are some of the nicest people in China and even though they knew no english and we knew no Manderin it was still a great night and they made such a fuss over our 10 year old. If you need to stay in Beijing this hotel should be your first choice. If you need some help with anything then Storm is the person to ask. My wife and I have just booked to go back to beijing for a week over Christmas and I am highly dissappointed that the hotel is booked out. Next time I will book earlier...However we plan to eat at Dragon Light no matter what!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Saints_B
<Content>Best in Beijing?! You wouldn't expect a Holiday Inn to be good, i've always thought of them of average on the outside but had never stayed in one up until this very pleasant stay at the Central Plaza Holiday Inn in Beijing.This was the last leg of our holiday in China and i really wanted this hotel to be good and it was.Pretty much everything was superb, the lobby, the contemporary colour schemes and ambience, the business facilities, the breakfast buffet, the attentiveness of staff, the room, the beds etc. It was all superb and we really could not have asked for more out of a hotel which is moderately priced (think we payed about 拢400 for a week) in July.Recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay in a 5 star top hotel but can't justify the price, it's as good as many 5 star hotels i've been into thats for sure.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tehsteve
<Content>The reviews don't lie, this is a great place to stay. I travelled to beijing on a whim, while enroute to Tokyo to meet a friend. I only spent one week, but I definitely chose the right hotel to spend the week at. The rates were very reasonable, and the service was just fantastic. Most of the staff spoke enough English (as though it is their responsibility to make up for our ignorance!) to help me find everything that I needed, and the concierge went above and beyond. He lined me up with a car for an entire day that took me anywhere that I wanted to go, he setup dinner reservations, got me to the markets, and even warned me about potential scams that go on in Beijing - which ended up saving me a lot of money when one of them happened to me!The location was great, the service was great, the rooms were clean, and almost Western room size. Very good, very impressed, and if I ever go back to Beijing, this is where I will stay.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>skotchie
<Content>Storming Success - a huge asset to Holiday Inn and any visitor. So this hotel does deliver on all counts - the reason for this review is to illustrate why you might pick this hotel from one of the many hotel chains on offer in Beijing.  The hotel itself has everything you would expect and is a great place to stay but the main reason someone on holiday should choose this hotel is simple it is their employee Storm. We cannot emphasis enough how helpful and considerate Strom was to two people who had a lot to do and see and a very short time in which to do it. Let's just say that he went above and beyond what Holiday Inn probably expect - to the extent that when we left he insisted on escorting us to the (incredibly large) train station to ensure we found the right train for Xian. This was at the end of his day when most employees would be more interested in going home. If you are going to Beijing - stay here and you will be looked after.Holiday Inn take note - without Storm your hotel might have all the usual offerings but you are No.1 because of this guy's efforts.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	5	3	

<Author>csb77
<Content>Great stay in Beijing! We chose this hotel based on reviews on tripadvisor and we were not dissapointed. The rooms have been recently refurbished and are certainly very comfortable. The breakast buffet is ample and caters for all tastes.The hotel's main asset is 'Storm' the helpful guy who can get you pretty much ANYTHING that you need. No Job is too big or too small from restaurant recommendations to personally picking you up from the airport. On arrival he will go through with you the aims of your stay and organise your entire itinerary including all day trips/tour guides etc as well as plan you day according to the weather forecasts for the coming week. To be honest - there are probably many nicer hotels in Beijing but it really is worth staying here just for the reasurance that Storm truly will arrange your entire trip to your specifications and will not disappoint.The hotel also provides free mobile phones on loan from the concierge to enable you to make local calls within Beijing and local mobile phones free of charge - a nice touch that saves you a fortune in roaming costs! Dont worry about the location - taxi's are very cheap in Beijing and its easy to get around, besides - Storm will organise a driver for you for your entire stay if you so wish!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bagspacked3
<Content>Loved Storm Beautiful clean marble entrance. Rooms were clean and spacious. Morning buffet was huge. The real reason to stay is the concierge, Storm. We emailed him a month before our stay and told him what we wanted. He met us at the airport at 5am and took us to the hotel. He gave us a cell phone and said if we ever need help we just call him. That was a life saver. He arranged a rickshaw ride that took us places we would have never seen any other way. We also had a driver take to take us all the places we had asked for. At the Great Wall we took a ski lift up and a toboggan ride down. We even got lost one day and he came and got us. Storm personally took us to dinner every night because it is hard for a foreigner to read the menus and met us for breakfast every morning. He never ate with us but always made sure we were taken care of. Our last day we had to get to our ship which was a 2 hour journey away. Again he went with us to make sure we got there. He bought train tickets on the nicest, cleanest, smoothest train we had ever been on. When we got off the train he negotiated with a van driver to take us to the dock. He never left us until we were checked onto the ship. Storm would be a 15 on a 1-10 scale. We have never had service like that. It turned a good trip into a fantastic trip. We have made a new friend! Thank you Storm.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mscitygirl903
<Content>Outstanding Service There is a reason why there are so many positive reviews for this hotel and it all comes down to outstanding personal service. We went on a family trip to Beijing with my mother and my grandmother for 5 nights and we were all very impressed by the personal attention to every aspect of our hotel stay...transportation, dining, and room preference, even personal doctor house call were promptly arranged when my grandmother was a bit under the weather. A special tribute needs to be made to Frank, Leo and Jackie from the Concierge and Lisa from the Room Services and Reservations Dept for providing such attentive and personalized service. They really went above and beyond and made our stay pleasant and memoriable. I would definitely go back and would recommend this hotel to anyone who plans to go to Beijing.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	3	4	4	5	5	

<Author>mattias76
<Content>One word. Storm! I travel a lot in my work so I am used to stay at good hotels but I must admit that Storm (the guest relation manager) takes this hotel to another level. My girlfriend and I just came back from a perfect weekend in Beijing that was organised by Storm and his assistant Alice. Without charging anything extra (which is otherwise standard for everything in China) they organised trips, set us up with nice restaurants etc etc. The weekend in Beijing could not have been better. The hotel itself and the rooms are nice (location could be better but you always have to take a taxi anyway so the extra 5-10 minutes doesnt really matter) but the reason you go here: Storm.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jrbb0309
<Content>Absolute gem! My husband and I stayed here with our 7-year-old daughter in September of 2007. We stayed for 5 nights and paid the equivalent of $146 CDN a night for an upgraded room with 2 queen size beds, upper floor, breakfast included, wifi, satellite TV, etc.We were on a year-long trip, this was one of our splurges and we're thrilled with how it turned out.Location is not central but cheap and easy taxi rides to anywhere you want to go. The girl at the door always wrote down our destination for the taxi driver in Mandarin, told us how much we should pay and wrote down the taxi's license plate just in case we had any problems. She also asked our daughter at the end of each day where she had gone and what she had done and took a genuine interest in her answers.We arrived by train from Xi'an and hoped (at 7 am in the morning) just to be allowed to leave our bags there. Instead we found ourselves being checked in, offered a free breakfast and able to shower and start our day nice and fresh. Wonderful.The food was fantastic. My husband loves seafood and aside from the included breakfast we came back to the seafood buffet two nights while there. It was incredible. As well, we ordered room service (first time ever for us after coming back drenched after a full downpour) and it was /so/ good. Our room was wonderful. The beds were comfortable, the bathroom was gorgeous, the wifi was stable and reliable, and the cleaning staff was great.The pool was lovely too. We made use of it on several occasions.We wrote a letter of recommendation for one of the hostesses and received a personal letter of thanks from the manager of the hotel, cc'd to the girl in question, her school (she was working there on an exchange program) and human resources.Just can't say enough good things about this place.p.s. for anyone looking for another restaurant within the area, the Youth Restaurant several blocks down on the same side was very very good.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>readytogoSeattle
<Content>Gem of a full-service hotel in a quiet, easily-reached haven of Beijing. We always consult Trip Advisor before booking any holidays abroad, relying on the experiences and reviews of others before making hotel reservations. Our experience at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza in Beijing not only met our expectations, which were shaped by prior reviews, but exceeded many of them.The hotel has many sought-after qualities, but chief among them is their Hospitality Director and Concierge, Storm. Never in all our travels through Europe, Asia and N. America have we encountered a more attentive, helpful staff person at a major hotel.Three generations of our family gathered for an independently-planned tour of Beijing and three other destinations in China. Storm made our 4-day stay in Beijing seamless, arranging for taxi and other ground transportation services to all the sites we wanted to see. We received excellent value for every trip, knowing they would have cost us more if not for Storm's suggestions and advice.Awaiting the arrival of our daughter and her family from Japan, my husband and I spent our first day visiting the Temple of Heaven and the immense park that surrounds it. Storm arranged for a taxi to drive us to the park's east gate, letting us know how to obtain a return cab if we wanted to explore the nearby Pearl Market after visiting the Temple of Heaven. The entire visit was a success, and was timed perfectly to coincide with our extended family's arrival at the hotel when we returned.The next day Storm arranged for a driver and minivan to take our family (2 1/2 yr. old toddler included) to and from the Great Wall at Mutianyu. En route to Mutianyu our driver took us past the major Olympic Games venues, stopping to let us stroll and explore the areas between the celebrated Bird's Nest stadium and Water Cube. The remainder of the day at the Great Wall (clear skies, high temps. around 65F) was ideal. Does it get any better than this?Well, it did. Storm had arranged for our family to go to a traditional family-style restaurant for a hot-pot dinner. The restaurant was not located in the tourist heart of the city, but rather in a neighborhood not far from the hotel. Storm escorted us there for the evening, doing all the translation for us since we have no Mandarin speakers in our family. The meal was outstanding -- vegans take note -- the hot-pot began with a purely vegetarian stock and included nine different types of mushrooms.Tienmanen Square and the Forbidden City were on our list for the following day. Wanting to see more of the city ourselves, we took the #10 bus from its terminus, about 3 1/2 blocks from the hotel, and enjoyed the adventure of riding with everyone else to work. The bus went directly to the square at a cost of 1 Yuan each way. Our little granddaughter had the best time running around Tienmanen Square; we have many photos to remember those moments. We strolled into the Forbidden City and, after visiting its grounds, split up according to our individual interests to explore other venues in Beijing. Storm had provided us with English (and Chinese) guides to assist us back to the hotel via taxi or bus. The bus had been such a success on the outgoing route; when all of us had returned to the hotel we found that each family member had chosen to return that way as well.An elegant dinner of Peking Duck at another local restaurant -- clearly patronised by local residents and not clusters of out-of-towners -- capped off another perfect day.Every visitor / family's narrative is different, because every traveller seeks something that speaks to him or her individually. I simply chose to report the above events so readers could see how this hotel's Hospitality Director tailored our Beijing visit to suit our family's needs and wants. The hotel itself is an overlooked treasure. It is not located on Beijing's busiest (and noisiest) hotel boulevards, yet is in an easily-accessed quadrant of the city that has rapid taxi, bus and underground links. The quiet setting in this huge, ever-busy city is a godsend. After touring very busy venues during the day it is a pleasure to return to a hotel that features no blaring horns in the streets below, yet offers all the amenities that seasoned travellers expect: spacious rooms, well-appointed baths, excellent business services and high-speed internet hookups in all rooms, pool, exercise room, and much, much more. Our daughter and her family were especially impressed beccause the hotel had provided a child-sized bathtub and potty seat for their (almost) potty-trained 2 1/2 year old.Did I mention the food? The breakfast buffet at the lobby's Salt  Pepper Restaurant is opulent; it would take a stay of several days to sample all of it.Without reservation, I would recommend this hotel and its staff to tourists and business travellers alike. It offers a very comfortable stay, in well-appointed rooms, at an extremely good value. If you go to Beijing, by all means consider staying at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Traveldreamers11
<Content>Loved the breakfast buffet       breakfast  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Auliya
<Content>Does have potential to be a gem We just finished conference over in Guanganmen and we had booked 14 rooms up in Guoman and we had to do a lot of liasing with the staff to coordinate many ongoing events and we have been very happy with staff.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Slacker01
<Content>Pleasant stay, great service So glad we decided to stay here after reviewing other feedbacks. Location a little out of the way from major sites but taxis cheap in China and actually, it was nice to be staying away from the crazy congestion around the sights, specifically around Forbidden City. Service was excellent, very professional. Hotel comparable to 4- to 5- star hotel in the U.S. Met Storm briefly, who was helpful but I didn't see him often around. The other concierge...limited English and not as helpful...overpriced cost for private transportation to Great Wall but did not let us know that it was possible and much cheaper to hire private taxis (which should be approx 600 RMB). After staying at 3 other hotels in China (including Hyatt), I would say this was best service, cleanest, and most worth the money.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	4	2	

<Author>Timbocozy
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised We visited Beijing with another family and when we arrived we didn't have any trips planned (Great wall, Forbidden city, etc...). We were greeted by a hotel employee named Storm upon arrival. He was very pleasant and helpful as we herded the 6 kids in our party into the lobby. After getting our rooms we discussed our plans with Storm and he sat down with us to lay out our short 3 day stay. I would have to say that without his help we wouldn't have seen as much as we did. We live in Southern China, but our friends traveled 15 hours to visit us and they were very pleased with the hotel and the activities while in Beijing. It is no wonder that this hotel is ranked very highly in Beijing. The food, the rooms, and the staff (Storm and others) made this a very memorable trip. All of this and the price is also very reasonable.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Hamnida
<Content>Number One I can see why this hotel has a number one ranking. Perfect in every way. The best breakfast in the world.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Haugen
<Content>This is the Hotel to stay! If you are going to spend a few days in Beijing and looking for a hotel with great breakfast, excellent service, spacious room, easy to going around and with a very reasonable price, this is the best hotel to stay!We are a 6 people family group from Norway (including 2 kids aged at 8 and 10, 2 Grand parents aged over 60), by carefully reading the reviews on Beijing hotels from different travel agents, we finally picked up Central Plaza Holiday Inn (which is #1 on trip adviser list) as our one week stay in Beijing from 18th, sep. We made contact with Storm prior to our arrival via his email to help us book the hotel, he quickly made us a reservation with a very reasonable price, he also asked us if we need to be picked up in the airport and our arriving time, we did not use the pick up since we need meet our relatives first in the airport. When we arrived in the hotel, Storm surprised us by being there waiting for us (he actually worked additional hours just to wait for us and make sure everything is OK). He quickly asked our plan and also suggested a local Chinese restaurant which turns out to be our favourite place to eat during the week stay (Qing Nian Can Ting), 5 minutes walk from the hotel, and right besides a small supermarket. Once we checked in the hotel room, we felt immediately relaxed, specially my mother- in-law, she has been worried about the hotel standard in China all the time ever since we start travelling, now she had a big smell in her face. We felt to sleep right away on the comfortable bed (some people complain the bed is hard, but we love it.) The bed in the double room is about 1.35 meter wide each, which is perfect for one adult and one kid to share, so this double room is perfect for 4 of us. The grand parents also loved their king-size room; they love the 鈥淗ard鈥?bed too.All the room are very clean and well designed. Every positive comment from Trip adviser and Forum regarding the Hotel standard is very true. Great pool, we used it everyday, kids love it. Service on this hotel is the best among all the hotels we had stayed around the world; they have no problem to beat the Five Star hotel on this point and much better than them. You can see and feel every people worked in this hotel love his jobs, they are very happy to help you from the bottom of their heart. Breakfast is great with large selection of western and Eastern food; our kids specially liked the fresh squeezed juice from different fruit and vegetables, and the fresh made milkshake. Good coffee! Each day we spend nearly an hour in the breakfast charting and eating, very enjoyable.Storm is the Gold Key of this Hotel, and he deserve more than that. During our stay, he arranged us a trip to MuTianYu Great Wall, a Beijng Duck dinner (LiQun KaoYa) in a very local small Hotong area, great experience, and delicious Beijing duck! We booked to ducks, I think my father-in-law eat at least one of it by his own. 飦? Storm also helped us booked 6 bullet- train ticks to QingDao at no additional charge!! He makes our stay more relaxed other than just be busy tourists. We spent next 2 weeks in QingDao, HangZhou ,Xi鈥橝n, also stayed in several 4-5 star hotels including a Holiday Inn in HangZhou, none of these hotels we stayed can beat this one, they are good, but Central Plaza Holiday Inn Beijing is the best! When we were back to Beijing in October 8th, a day before we leave to Norway, my mother- in-law specially asked us to book this hotel as her last night in China. We enjoy every minutes we stay in this hotel.Thanks again, Storm and every one working in this Hotel! Haugen familyNorway  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>radaNZ
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, Wonderful Storm       Great Wall - Simitai  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dave_Carmen
<Content>Fantastic Beijing. Wonderful Hotel. Highly Recommended!!!!!!!!       Us in the Hotel Lobby!!!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rockinrick
<Content>Great Hotel, Outstanding Service Everything and more than what the web postings already tell you. Storm is outstanding, very willing to help you out with anything you want to do. Someone posted his email in a previous post and he will stay in touch with you and make sure you have a good stay. All other staff were outstanding also. Very friendly and eager to make your stay pleasant. I'm used to staying at average American hotels, but I have stayed at a Ritz Carlton, and this hotel beats the Ritz I stayed in hands down. The Ritz had great service, but this place was phenomenal, especially Storm. I haven't stayed at any other Beijing Hotels, but this one beats any American hotel I've ever stayed at. Facilities were great, nice pool, jacuzzi, steam room and sauna. Great room, comfortable and clean.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gemakan
<Content>Yes, it's as good as all the other reviewers here have reported!       Mini-bar area  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>EivindO
<Content>Excellent hotel       2 x 2 Bed  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IncredibleAsia
<Content>Great Hotel for the $$ We travel to Beijing 2-3x per year and have seen the prices for hotels creep up. On our first visits to China in 2001 it was important to stay in 5-star hotels and anything below that was not comfortable for a picky Western traveler coming from a long distance and traveling for business. I found this hotel searching the Internet and was pleasantly surprised. The Holiday Inn chain in the U.S. has an OK reputation as being just and OK chain, but in Asia the facilities are often not company-owned and vary greatly from hotel to hotel. For the most part they are above the average Holiday Inn in the U.S. and this one is no exception.The location is just OK if you are a tourist, but clearly within a reasonable distance from the major sites in the city. The hotel is modern, clean and comfortable. On this visit I found a great deal on the Executive Floor including evening happy hour and breakfast and it was well worth it. Free internet also won me over as that is very important to me. The staff in the Exec Club could not have been more friendly or helpful. The morning breakfast was limited, but very well prepared and the evening happy hour had beautiful appetizers that could easily have made a meal for someone who is not a hearty eater. Staff in this club was excellent, friendly and helpful. Don't pass this hotel by if you are considering a 4-5 star but don't want to spend the extra money...this is a great value.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kitties
<Content>Very nice hotel       bedroom  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Emily_loves_holidays
<Content>Great hotel, especially if you upgrade We stayed at this hotel at the end of our tour of China and we decided to treat ourselves and upgrade to the Executive Suite. The room was great with a brilliant view, a fantastic shower and really comfy beds as well as all the bonuses you鈥檇 expect in a 5* hotel. Best of all was the lounge where you could get yourself a drink or a snack at any time and they laid on a huge buffet every night of delicious western appetisers which at this stage in our trip were a godsend. The staff were friendly and helpful. We tried out both their Chinese and their Western restaurants and they were both excellent. All in all I鈥檇 highly recommend this place.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nycavidtraveler
<Content>Location has its challenges I just returned from China and spent about 9 nights at this hotel, using it as my base as I traveled around China. The one main reason for staying is the Concierge Storm - he made sure we had a unique experience. The first week I thought the hotel was too far from the center but by the second week we realized we were actually in a great little community, restaurants and local life a mere 5 minutes walk. Laundry service too - just ask Storm.For the price this can't be beat! We chose the Executive floor so it gave us a place to hang out and free breakfast everyday - which during the first week was a real plus until we got our jet lagged bodies into gear.Contact Storm - goodstorm@188.com to make your trip unforgetable.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>frequenttravellar
<Content>Loved the Concierge       The Great Wall, Maitaiyun  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>kmf54
<Content>Great Hotel, Fabulous Concierge! We had a little trouble initially with our reservation but the Holiday Inn more than made up for it by giving us a room upgrade with access to the executive club (free wireless, free food) and free breakfasts each morning! We stayed for 3 nights and the rate was incredibly low. Then there was Storm, the incredible concierge. He would listen to what we wanted to do each day and then lay out a few options, complete with relevant advice (don't take such-and-such cabs, they'll rip you off, etc) and dining reservations. One day he walked us to the bus and paid our fare; one night he beat us to the restaurant to translate and order for us since the place he recommended didn't have any english speakers; the last night he set up dinner and a show (don't recommend the show) and then SHOWED UP even though he wasn't on duty just to make sure everything had gone well. This man makes the hotel. Definitely recommend the Holiday Inn Central Plaza!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ninjaman0714
<Content>Very nice This hotel was really very nice. I stayed for 3 nights, then flew to Xi'an and came back for 1 more night before leaving China.The service was excellent, the staff very friendly and professional - and very stylish uniforms, I must say! The hotel itself is pretty impressive. I did not have any chance to visit the bar and other amenities available, but by appearances, they were all first class.Rooms very great - enough space, beds were very comfortable, and very nice decor. Bathroom was large and very clean.Breakfast was fantastic, a very wide spread of traditional Chinese and Western food.The hotel is situated in a very convenient area for seeing a lot of the sites (Tiananmen Square, Forbidden City, Summer Palace, Temple of Heaven), all within 20 minutes drive of each other I estimated. It's also about 35 minutes from the airport (without traffic). It however is not close enough to walk to any areas for the nightlife - a taxi is necessary. You can negotiate a cab to the Hou Hai area (about 30 minutes away) for about 30 Yuan, but if they use the meter, it works up to about the same in any event.You can take a walk down the street (exit hotel, turn left and walk up to T-junction, then swing right and walk down the street), and you'll find some restaurants and street food along the way, with a few small shops for shopping and such. I didn't walk more than 10 minutes down though, but I found a restaurant with the street vendor grilling a variety of meats on skewers (lamb, chicken, beef, octopus, squid, etc), each ranging between 3-6 Yuan. You can order the meat, then go into the restaurant and pick your sides to have a full meal, I just had a few of the skewers. Nice to experience, and pretty tasty.All in all, a very good option for staying in Beijing, and I would recommend to anyone visiting Beijing for the first time, with the primary purpose being siteseeing.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>MustSeeThis
<Content>Stock up on Breakfast! Spent 4 great nights at the HICP. When we came in at 9:30 pm from New York, we were utterly exhausted. The front desk was helpful, and check-in moved quickly. We ordered room service, which came quickly, and the food was delicious. We collapsed, and slept very well. The hotel was quiet, the room had plenty of space and amenities, and we enjoyed our time - recovering from our daily tours. (We had already booked a tour guide through Dragon Delight, so did not use the concierge services very much..). The highlight of our stay was the delicious breakfast served in the hotel every morning - they had everything from kimchee to Danishes, Chinese dishes and European cheeses, toast, cereal, waffles, a variety of fresh fruit, you name it. The servers brought coffee and tea to our table, and we stocked up for the day ahead.Although we stayed in several hotels during our trip (Guilin, Yangshuo, Hong Kong), the HICP breakfast was the standout way to begin the mornings. There's a coffee shop in the lobby serving coffee-to-go at prices that make Starbucks look affordable, but at least it's available.The location is fine. We took cabs to ManLianDao (Tea Street), the Pauliner Brauhaus (great German food 40 minutes away!), the Quanjude Duck house (what a restaurant!), and a number of other locations. The concierges helped us enormously by writing out the destination in Chinese for the cabbies, and making sure we had a return direction card.Check out was fine...no surprises AND I received extra points on my Holiday Inn/Priority Club card because I had signed up for a summer promotion. Sweet!I highly recommend this hotel and would happily stay there again. I'd stay there just for the breakfast if nothing else!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>LindaLouNewJersey
<Content>Perfect       Sitting Area  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	3	4	

<Author>gtan
<Content>Fading glory - skip the HI Central Plaza!! HInn Central Plaza was so disappointing!!As mentioned in many other reviews, cabbies dont know of the whereabout of HI Zhong Huang (in Mandarin) nor whereabout of Caiyuen jia, the address in Chinese.The physical property still seems ok. Ooooh the TripAdvisor 2006 trophy takes pride of place in the lobby. BUT this hidden gem of 2006 is fast fading..Service from porter to check-in to housekeeping is sloppy. And I write factually without any secondary agenda ( in fact just sent a favorable review for their group hotel in Qingdao ).Evidents : inspite of after 3pm arrival, room was not ready. After check-in at 4pm into room 627, had to call housekeeping to re clean the toilet seat - bits of excrement from the previous occupier left uncleaned!!!!!!!! The water not for drinking sign was unglued n it was left dangling on the basin ledge thru all 4 days of my stay. The shampoo+amenities box pull-handle was missing and again nothing was done. Night lite didnt light up, neither did the desk lamp. Holder for shower head doesnt hold well anymore.No free internet connection, charged by the minute or abt US$15 a day.Bedroom slippers - the worse quality I had seen any of their group properties. The much raved concierge Storm - bumped into him once at the coffee shop - he gave me a map of Beijing. The receptionist had earlier said they dont hv any give away map. Coffee shop staff and cooks were somewhat a shade off. And oh the coffee shop closes at midnite; at half-past-ten was told the kitchen is almost closed - except for rice, all dishes on the menu were not available. Not even a pizza, muffin nor cake. No choice, other than a foot massage shop across the driveway, the entire neighborhood is dead quiet after 9pm.Forget about staying here! For location, there's nothing like choosing a hotel around Wangfujing or Chaoyang Sanlitun. For once I totally disagree with the high ranking racked up at TripAdvisor for the HInn Central, Beijing. There maybe a root cause for the 'i-cant-be-bothered' looks on the staff.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	1	1	2	2	1	

<Author>travelinggirls08
<Content>Excellent hotel I booked this hotel based on the reviews. We never met the infamous Storm even though the reviews on his service were the final factor in booking this hotel. The rooms are exceptionally clean and inviting. I do not know about the location and it did not really matter because taxis are readily available and very inexpensive. This is definitely a four star hotel as noted in China (trip advisor lists it as a 3 star). We had no trouble getting anywhere we wanted to go because of the exceptional concergie service. The staff wrote down in Chinese where we wanted to go and numbered each card so we simply handed the card to the taxi driver and off we went each day. I recommend adding the breakfast to the room charge, the buffet is varied and an excellent value. I highly recommend this hotel and would love to stay there again!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>superatsu
<Content>Excellent! My hasband and I had a really relaxing stay at this hotel. I will come back agian!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rivahguy
<Content>Excellent value and hospitality in Beijing In April, my wife and I returned from a 7 night stay at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza in Beijing. Always before I have stayed at 5 star hotels such as the Swissotel. We highly recommend the Central Plaza as a less expensive alternative with about the same proximity to Forbidden City. It is located in a nice neighborhood for local color, restaurants, groceries and sundries. Storm, the concierge, is excellent. He understands concerns of those from the west and can provide good advice and make arrangements with a concern for value and comfort. The buffet is first rate and the staff is very attentive and friendly. The hotel management seems to really try to be on top of things. Recommend Club level accommodations, though the service in the Executive Club, though friendly, is not on a par with that in five star hotels. Only other complaint was that we could not get our room sufficiently cooled at night - a common experience in my travels.However, free broad band access was available in the club level rooms either through Ethernet connection or wi fi. This was in addition to a terminal in the club lounge.So, that is my hotel of choice as I return, this time on business, in June.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>zachnyc
<Content>Hidden Gem, Storm shines like a diamond Stayed at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza for two separate stays, first for three nights in King room, May 115th-18th, 2008 and again for two nights in a double room, May 19th-21st. Upgraded to Executive floor for both stays. Terrific room, great design, free internet wireless in room. No great views to speak of, but this seems typical of Beijing hotels. Hotel was spotless and buffet breakfast was the best we had in Beijing, including the Hyatt Regency and other five star properties.Although the location is not wonderful, taxis had no trouble finding this hotel with a taxi card. Taxis are incredibly cheap in Beijing, so this is not a problem. Subway is a good 25 minute walk, but several convenient buses run right outside hotel, and Storm provided two metro/bus passes for our stay and they did come in handy. Buses are comfortable and the ticket takers are happy to help with getting you to the right stop.Now, for the best thing about this hotel, Guest Relations Manager Storm Li. Storm arranged airport pickup for us, and the driver was waiting when we cleared customs. Storm immediately rang up the driver to insure that we had been properly meet and that all was in order (even though it was past 10 pm.)Storm arranged to meet us the next morning at breakfast and when he did he had plenty of recommendations for us to do on our first day. Since we had a tour guide arranged for the second and third day in Beijing, Storm recommended a pedicab tour of some of the lesser known sites around Beijing. The guide he found was great, although he hardly spoke any English, and he took us to some very interesting sites, and made sure we returned to the hotel in time for our other plans.We also enjoyed chatting with Storm in the evening about the culture of China and Beijing and its history. He is a kind and interesting man, with many talents. He is a true gem and gives this hotel all its character and charm.Unfortunately, although the rest of the staff is caring and attentive, their lack of good English skills leaves you feeling somewhat helpless in the few hours a day when Storm is not on duty. I look forward to visiting this hotel again the next time I visit Beijing and most look forward to seeing Storm again!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eprVancouver
<Content>Enjoyed my Stay I really enjoyed my Stay at the Holiday Inn. Most of this was due to Storm. I had read about him on trip advisor and he certainly more than met my expectations. He made sure my party was equipped with a cell phone, so that we counld phone him when needed and arranged our three day stay according to our interests. I'm not sure how he had the time to help so many people! After me asking about possibly visiting a doctor regarding a sore throat he even met me the next day with a prescription and medicine.I was not thrilled with our room Although it was spacious, it lacked character and had no window. I've never stayed in a room like that, however I'm sure if I had complained I would have been moved.I was also not fond of the location, but the taxis were cheap and did get where we wanted fairly quickly.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	2	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Daoda2
<Content>Great hotel. Not so great location. Hotel is equivalent to a 3-4 star hotel in the States. Very comfortable, clean, modern. Great staff. Only downside is that it's not in a very pretty neighborhood and it's a longish cab ride to get anywhere. Had I the choice next time, I might stay in a more central location.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hatman007
<Content>Storm and Linda = The Real Dynamic Duo!       Linda/Blair/Storm  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MrsZippy48
<Content>Hotel met our expectations, Storm exceeded them My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights at the start of our trip to China, and one night prior to leaving. We chose the Holiday Inn Central Plaza after studying Trip Advisor. The hotel rooms were well furnished, spotless, with fairly comfortable beds. Two bottles of water, and usually 2 pices of fruit were complimentary daily. We had several meals at the main restaurant, the buffet choice was comprehensive and tasty, but did seem a little expensive. One night we chose from the menu but we were both disappointed with the qualityWe had the perfectly adequate 'Two egg' room service breakfast (coffee extra) several times, the cost was reasonable, and the eggs were usually still hot on arrival. The location of the hotel was OK, we found it very interesting going for walks to check out the neighbourhood. There is a nice bakery a short walk to the left of the hotel, bottled water/soft drinks were very cheap locally (approx 100yds to right). Taxis were very easy to find, and we were only turned down once one evening. The hotel was well staffed, they were very polite, and most had a reasonable command of English.We had read many positive comments about Storm, we were pleased when he introduced himself to us on our second day, and asked how he could help. The next day he arranged a Pedicab ride from the hotel to the Hutong to finish with Peking Duck lunch. That evening he arranged tickets for the excellent Acrobatic Show. When we returned to the hotel for the second time he arranged a driver to meet us at the airport, and detour via the Olympic Stadiums which we had wanted to see.Storm really went up in our estimation when he took time out of his busy day to accompany us to catch a train to Zhengzhou. It was a huge relief to have him guide us through the massive Beijing West Station. When we discovered we had been booked on the slow instead of the fast train he managed to find 2 people to exchange trains with us! Lastly he helped us onto the train and made sure we were able to sit together. We just feel so grateful to him for all his help. There is a world of difference between someone who says have a nice day and Storm, who takes the extra trouble and time to make sure it is.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	5	2	

<Author>PatnLarry
<Content>Style over content       The view from the room  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	3	3	

<Author>goldcoastguy71
<Content>Bad Location I booked this hotel partly because of its location.If you look at Google Earth and like me assumed it was bordering the Forbidden City, you would be completely wrong. The Google Earth indicators are wrong.This hotel is a good 20 mins drive from the Forbidden City. You will be able to get a taxi there, but getting one back to your hotel will be almost impossible (the drivers will refuse you). Have fun sitting in backwards in a motorised rickshaw weaving through 8 lanes of peak hour traffic.You will probably be offered an upgrade to the Executive Floor. I can't say I got too much benefit from it.There is nothing in the immediate vicinity that would entice you to leave the hotel.If I was returning to Beijing, I'd find somewhere closer to The Forbidden City.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	1	4	3	3	3	

<Author>sunvalley102
<Content>Storm does it again - great holiday in beijing My wife and I recently returned from our first trip to china having 4 days in Beijing and 5 in Shanghai...Our stay at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza started our holiday in the possible way. The hotel room we stayed in was modern, clean and a good size. Our first morning we met the mighty Storm Li, (my wife was very skeptical about how my late nights trolling through Tripadvisor would be of any assistance and especially all the deeds of Storm). Well it knocked her socks off when we asked about somewhere on the street to have breakfast. He not only told us where to get breakfast but guided us to the place then told us what they were making, helped us order and sat with us over breakfast. Storm also arranged a taxi for us to the Great Wall for 600 RMB with a visit to the National Stadium (Bird Cage) where we managed to get through the security to watch a rehearsal for the medal ceremonies.Storm also provided us with a mobile phone for contact with him if we had any communication problems and a travel pass for bus and rail. Nothing was a bother for him. The only unfortunate thing was we did not get the chance to say good-bye to him on our departure. From reading some of the other reviews he was probably performing some good deed to another traveller.Some reviewers have said the hotel is pretty isolated from the main sites and shopping of Beijing but we found this in fact added to the value of our stay. (and the taxis are very cheap anyway) We found a beautiful park about 300 metres from the hotel which was full of local people taking part in their daily routine of exercise.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Viajeraincansable
<Content>Very good experience We spent 3 nights at this hotel. It is not close to the center, but taxis are so cheap that this is not an inconvenience. We did not have problems to find it. The room was incredible, big, confortable, nice. The bed was huge and confortable. The window was very big but it had not dark curtains, so we woke up early in the morning. Moreover, our room was in the second floor (the same floor of the pool and the gym) and it was a bit noisy. The bathroom is OK and you can find an advice about the tap water (it is not safe to drink it) and 2 free bottles of water each day.The staff is kind and efficient, but they do not speak fluent English and there is a man who speaks some words in Spanish. Anyway, they do their best to help you in a proffessional way, specially bell boys. They are nice and helpfull. You can find an ATM inside the hotel and the restaurant is very well assorted. The hotel is comfortable, nice and clean and the staff is very nice. This hotel is a very good choice.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	1	

<Author>BR00KIE
<Content>Not the best place to stay Having returned from 3 weeks touring Hong Kong, Shanghai, Tokyo and Beijing and having spent all this time is great hotels I'll have to say the Holiday Inn was not up to the mark.We arrived late at night 11.30pm to find no Concierge service and the bar was closed. Having checked in and taken our bags to our own room we found the mini bar. The fridge didn't work so the beers were warm. I reported this and this wasn't taken seriously.We went out into Beijing that night and the hotel isn't in the best location for bars and restuarants, so a taxi was called. The doorman who was there to get us a taxi didn't speak enough english to understand where we wanted to go so had to get another member of staff out to help.We then returned to our room in the early hours, put the Do not disturb sign outside our door and at 10am house keeping walked straight into our room!!We finally decided to check out and find another hotel after only staying the one night of the 3 we paid for - the icing on the cake was the doormans constant spitting.On check out we were never asked why we were checking out.  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChewyWilly
<Content>Thank you Storm! We chose to stay at this hotel based on other reviews. I was particularly interested in meeting the infamous Storm, whom I've now dubbed the best concierge - EVER! Storm made our stay in Beijing unforgettable.The hotel itself is amazing. It had every amenity possible. The food was delicious. We tried the massages and my boyfriend got his haircut. Everything was totally impressive. The only thing lacking from out standpoint was an ATM. Luckily there were a couple of options not too far from the hotel.Now, back to Storm. We travelled to Beijing without much a plan except a list of sights we needed to see. Storm helped us plan each trip as well as suggesting other off the beaten path options. He took us to a GREAT Peking Duck restaurant and overall provided a level of customer service we have never experienced.I would definitely recommend this hotel for travellers on a medium budget and looking for really be taken care of.Thanks Holiday Inn and especially Storm for a visit we will never forget!  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dane5588
<Content>Couldn't have asked for more We stayed with 15 friends at the Holiday Inn Beijing at Central Plaza for three nights this May 2008. Physically, the hotel was in almost perfect condition with clean, updated rooms and lobby. Didn't get a chance to check out the gym or pool, but I heard they were nice. The absolute best part of this visit though was the concierge, Storm. Storm guided us throughout our trip- setting up tours, giving restaurant reviews and recommendations, and getting us to and from our destinations via public transportation. Storm even went as far to actually lead us to places that he thought might be difficult for us to find. He set up a great day tour with our awesome tour guide Sunny who took us to the Ming Tombs, a jade factory, the Great Wall, and a silk factory- all for $28 USD including entrance fees, transport, and our awesome tour guide. If this is your first time in Asia like it was ours, the Holiday Inn Beijing should definitely be your choice for a hotel.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>senriquez
<Content>Ok, this can't be real... I recently stayed at the Holiday Inn in Beijing and the overall experience was very nice. They keep everything very clean and when I reported that my refrigerator was having problems, they replaced it promptly when I was away from my room. The food was good and the service was great. I paid for the Business plan which allowed for unlimited Internet access in the room and in the lounge and free outgoing local faxes.It was a tad confusing when I accessed the Internet from my room as it said that it was going to charge me but I just figured that if it did that it could get straightened out later. In the end, it did not appear on my bill but it was just confusing. I sent one fax while I was there but was charged for it but I didn't even mention it since the amount was so little. The business center helped me to get a rush fax out in the nick of time but they were slightly confused when I inquired about sending something via FedEx. So I did not end up shipping out the item that I wanted shipped.Ok, now everybody mentions Storm at least once in their post so I was interested in how good the service was to say the least. My phone ran out of minutes so I went downstairs and Storm greeted me when I approached the concierge desk. I asked about how to buy minutes for my phone and he advised against purchasing minutes because I would be leaving the next day and that the Beijing minutes cannot be used in Shanghai or something like that (the entire system there is very confusing). All the while he was discussing this with me, it seemed that perhaps the questions were bothersome and he was preoccupied with something else...kind of like when you're talking to someone and they're looking for someone else to talk to because they are done with you. Well, you know, everyone has an off day and I guess he just wasn't living up to the hype but I really didn't think about it much more.Fast forward to today, I am now in Shanghai and I realize that I forgot, in my haste to get to the airport, my souvenir photos from The Great Wall and some of my clothes hanging up in the closet. I contacted the hotel and they said that they could send it to my hotel but they may cut it close as I am checking out tomorrow back to the U.S. They finally contacted me to let me know that the courier service or shipping company was unable to make the deadline to get it to me so quickly...Ok, here's the kicker...Storm just called my room at the hotel in Shanghai (not a Holiday Inn) to let me know that he is on a TRAIN bringing my belongings to me...FROM BEIJING!!! Are you kidding me??? Who does something like that...People like this do not exist in the real world. I am completely flabbergasted and cannot believe that someone would go through this much trouble just for me. The only words I have left...If you come to Beijing...stay at this Holiday Inn!  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Cilgwyn
<Content>Couldn't be better We chose the Central Plaza after reading some great reviews and we were not disappointed. I had arranged an airport pick-up and we were met by Frank, the head concierge who then organised our check in and sorted out a subsequent rearrangement of our room allocation without any fuss. Our accommodation was excellent, the staff in every department were friendly and efficient and the breakfast was superb. We did have dinner in the hotel on one evening which was also very good.But of course the star of the show was Storm Li. I had read so much about him on trip advisor but I was very sceptical and I could not believe that he could be so good - but he was. He sat down with us and asked us what were our interests, then he set about devising an itinerary for us which included a morning exploring Beijing by rickshaw to include as many different photo opportunities as possible. This included Storm Li phoning our rickshaw 'driver' to check that all was well and a brief chat with us on the driver's mobile to ensure that we were happy with the arrangements. He truly cares about the guests and went out of his way to ensure that we had the best possible experience, and all this at a time when his wife was due to give birth at any time.I was very apprehensive about our first visit to China but we felt welcome and cared for at the Central Plaza and I would not hesitate to recommend it.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JetsetTX
<Content>Deserves to be number 1!       Our room on the 10th floor, notice the huge windows!  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>escapingontherun
<Content>Amazing Hotel. Wow.What an amazing hotel.No detail was too minor during our entire stay...Everything from fresh fruit in the rooms to prompt, excellent service.I'd say that this is the best hotel in Beijing based on 3 things combined:1) Price2) Place3) ServiceThis is the only hotel I would ever think of staying in in Beijing.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>greygranny
<Content>As reported this Hotel was great!!       My room - pretty nice!!  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>deepdivetexas
<Content>Great Value, Great Staff Just got back from a four night stay in April 2008. The hotel is a great value and the staff are truly exceptional. The staff was very attentive to our needs and very helpful. The concierge arranged drivers for eight of us to go to the Great Wall before sunrise. The transportation was there as planned at 1:30 am and we arrived in time to catch the sunrise. The rooms were very nice and comfortable. The only issue I had was with the air conditioning not keeping the room cool enough for my taste 20C. I opened up the windows and allowed the outside air to come in and the temperature was fine. I would reccomend getting the business upgrade for the room which includes internet and breakfast and snacks in the evening.All in all I booked this hotel on recomendations from this site and I have to say I was not disappointed. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>xxxadixxx
<Content>Very accomodating       Our sunrise view made possible by the outstanding Concierge staff at the Holiday Inn Central Pla  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>QuitaVirginiaBeach
<Content>Loved the hotel My brother and I were in Beijing from the 17th to the 22nd of this month and loved the hotel. The facility is spacious and spotless, the rooms are large, clean and the room service was prompt. The concierge service was very helpful and the Dutch girl Linda went out of her way to be friendly and helpful. The hotel was a very nice surprise, I can see why it's #1 on Trip Advisor  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>birdette
<Content>Everything great but the LOCATION!!!! My husband and I just returned from a week trip to Beijing. We had a lovely time and we were very pleased with the Holiday Inn Central Plaza. I would definitely give it more than a three star that the Tripadvisor has given it, however there are few things about the hotel that I should mention to the readers who are debating whether to stay at this hotel or not, it all depends to whether they are there for business or pleasure. I鈥檒l first give you the Good Points followed by the NOT SO GOOD points.GOOD POINTSThere are many good points about the hotel. Rooms are very clean and modern. There is a safe in the room plus a mini bar and you get 2 complimentary bottles of water each day. The breakfast was included in our room price and it was actually very nice and adequate with a variety of choices. The Caf茅 in the lobby has good lattes and it鈥檚 a great place to relax after a busy day. Please note only GOLD Priority Club members would be upgraded to the executive room for free, we were not gold members so we were asked to pay an extra 300 RMB per night which we chose not to. All the staff members were friendly and willing to help; we saw the famous Storm from a distance helping other travelers but didn鈥檛 get a chance to talk to him. There is a currency exchange machine in the lobby that is very convenient and offers exchange at a normal rate. So all together the hotel was great, I would say if it wasn鈥檛 for the location it would definitely be a four and half star. We had a wonderful time in Beijing and I should also suggest that the famous John Yellow Car service to the Great Wall that are mentioned in the tripadvisor forum was amazing, John was very nice and professional and took us to the Mutayanu Great Wall鈥ighly recommend him.NOT SO GOOD POINTSThe location is relatively far from most of the sightseeing and shopping malls/restaurants. I guess if you go to Beijing for few days for business it won鈥檛 be a problem, but my husband and I were there for 8 nights and almost every day we had went toward Forbidden city/Tianamen and Wangfujing as most of the things were around that area. Some people on this site suggested it was only a 20 minute drive to Forbidden City/Tiananmen Square/Wangfujing Shopping and food district for about 15RMB HOWEVER I guess they must have been lucky because the traffic was crazy for most of the day when we were there and from what we heard it is of course very normal for Beijing (at times we were stuck in traffic for nearly 35-40 minutes and ended up paying 30 and even 50 RMB). Many taxi drivers were reluctant to drive out there and often we had to really bargain and offer more money especially if you go out at nights you鈥檒l find it difficult to take a taxi back to the hotel as it is not in the drivers ideal location so be prepared to pay more otherwise good luck finding one. Other than the location I would stay the hotel is great for a Holiday Inn, although next time in Beijing I would pay a little more and stays at another Hotel in Wangfujing area simply because the malls and food courts/food markets/restaurants there offer better and greater food variety at much cheaper prices. For example a dinner at the hotel buffet restaurant would cost over 400 RMB but outside at any other decent restaurant would be around 150-200 RMB, so as you can imagine the location of the hotel is the reason the prices are lower, but because of lack of option for restaurants nearby you end up spending just that much in the hotel more for food/coffee at the hotel. The Spa is mediocre, we went there for a foot massage and it was not really a smoky dark room with a plastic bucket filled with water and didn鈥檛 feel too clean either, so don鈥檛 bother with the spa. The Zen restaurant is not too good, it鈥檚 overpriced and the food was really bad. My husband ended up getting sick at night after having diner there.That鈥檚 it about the hotel, please note other than the few negative things it was a pleasant stay and if I had to stay there again, I would. Feel free to ask any questions you may have.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	2	

<Author>theMonty
<Content>Bravo! This is never just a 3 star hotel! It has an awesome gym (for a hotel), pool and restaurants - particularly the Zen - Chinese. The buffet breakfast is excellent as well. The staff do a great job, particularly the Dutch girl Linda who honestly gave us so much help about what we should do in China in general. She was awesome and the concierge were pretty good as well. Just make sure you don't get laundry done here because it is a rip off! Over a British pound to get a pair of boxer shorts cleaned!!!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Annick9
<Content>Wonderful experience The location of the hotel is quite convenient, and no cultural site in Beijing is very far away by taxi.I loved the rooms; everything was spotless, you have your own control of heat and A/C. The staff was helpful and unobtrusive as well as very efficient.Restaurants around are cheap and open around the clock. I only had breakfast at the hotel but all things were fresh and excellent (even the croissants). I booked through the hotel website, and paid $100+ a night, which was very good value for money.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>WaggaWaggaDes
<Content>Fantastic stay thanks to Storm. He's the MAN! We now know that there is absolutely no other place to stay while in Bejing, Sure the Holiday Inn in Central Plaza has everything you want and need, and sure it's beautiful and well located, but the main reason we are going back is because of 'a man named Storm'.Storm is the head concierge, however he takes his job far beyond handling your luggage to and from rooms and calling taxis. Storm was our personal tour guide, interperter, public transport coordinator and good friend!Storm pre organised our taxi from the airport, where when left alone you are at the mercy of over-keen drivers who may not always price the tourist correctly. On arrival Storm had optional day plans pre thought and coordinated. This included clear directions, bus travel cards and written messages for local bus drivers and taxi drivers.When we asked him the best place to eat Peking Duck, Storm escorted us to THE BEST, out of the way, fair-dinkum, restaurant in Bejing. He helped us order then left us to enjoy.On leaving, our man Storm even escorted us to the train station, knowing there would be local language and procedure issues to endure to make our continuing journey from Bejing.After leaving Bejing, we travelled to Nanjing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and Hong Kong, and although we have no major complaints with any of the other hotels, we certainly didn't come across another Storm. That meant working out where to go, what to see and how to communicate was definately that much harder and certainly more time consuming.We recommend when you next travel to Bejing, welcome The Storm at The Holiday Inn, he'll make your days sunnier and brighter.Thanks Mate, your Aussie friends.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wiwoo
<Content>Exceptional! We are just back from 3 wonderful nights in this hotel. We couldn't fault our stay in any way. Our room was clean and spacious, the buffet breakfast was huge, varied and delicious. We tried the Zen restaurant and were not disappointed. We did not have any dealings with Storm but the rest of the staff Brian, Frank and Cindy looked after us equally well. It was 5 star service at 3 star prices.If we are back in Beijing, we would not dream of staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>clymout
<Content>R.E.S.P.E.C.T.       Small section of the international buffet  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Brit_Abroad0
<Content>Fantastic I have stayed in more Holiday Inns than I care to remember and this one has to be the best by a long way. Helpful staff, luxurious room, great food - try the peking duck in their cantonese restaurant or the international buffet in their main restaurant. It is easy to see why they have won so many awards.We are fairly independent travellers who like to find our own way around when we can and one of the reasons we chose this hotel was the positive comments about Storm the concierge on this web site. We only saw Storm in the distance, but his staff were excellent as well. For example, we wanted to go and see the Great Wall at Mutianyu, but without all the unadvertised, time wasting retail opportunities that seem to come with organised tours. We explained this to the hotel and half an hour later were in a private car driven to and from the wall for 800 RMB. The english speaking driver even provided us with an umbrella when it started to rain! Great service.Because of the location you do need a taxi to get anywhere but given the traffic levels in BJ being out of the centre was actually an advantage. The nearest metro stop is a little too far to walk but this wasn't an issue. Whenever we left the hotel the doorgirl briefied the taxi driver where we were going, gave us a card with the hotel details, and idea of the usual price and the taxi driver's number with a number to call if there were any issues and the hotel would sort them out which we never needed to do.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>donkey1976
<Content>Believe! I stayed at this hotel last summer for two nights, alone, deadset on seeing as much of Beijing as I could. The staff at this hotel learned my name  really looked after me--even gave me a temporary cell to use while I was out. Storm is the ultimate concierge (OMG!! Is he real? YES! He was away the first day and things were very nice, but then he made a good visit into a fantastic one.) I took the bullet train from Beijing to Shanghai, and he arranged my tickets  even made sure that I got a window seat. But I would recommend this hotel highly for the price even (gasp!) without Storm. It was perfectly clean and efficient. Everyone was very nice and fussed over me a lot--I think because I was traveling alone. I think this could annoy me under other circumstances, but I also think they would take the hint. Don't worry about it being far out of town; you can take taxis and they are cheap by western standards. (PS-I spent the first two nights at the super-fancy Grand Hyatt near the Forbidden City--I wasn't paying! It was absurdly posh  the rooms were nicer but nowhere near the 3X-cost nicer. If money were no object....)  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WorldTraveller1944
<Content>Thanks for your hospitality We visited Beijing on our way to Australia and New Zealand and only, really went there because of the forthcoming Olympic Games. It was a very interesting and enjoyable stopover of a week.The hotel staff all could not do enough to help us - we were travelling independently. The rooms and public areas were clean with smiling, helpful staff. If they, individually didn't speak English they were able to communicate in other ways or find someone that did. That made it fun to find out about how people live and where best to visit. One of the waitresses was especially welcoming and went out of her way to greet us everyday; as did most of the staff.Storm was especially helpful and took us to a bus stop himself and showed us the procedure for using public buses. We enjoyed that immensley. As it was also my birthday whilst we were there he took us to a local Chinese dinner show where he had arranged for a birthday cake to be cut. The hotel also produced a lovely boquet of flowers. This made my birthday a most memorable occasionl; one that I will never forget.Although we had arranged our tours before we left the Uk, the location of the hotel meant that there was not too far to travel to visit them.A very memorable stay which we will remember always.ThanksPat and Roger  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gkellis
<Content>Storm and the Holiday Inn are Fabulous Storm and the staff of the Holiday Inn were beyond expectations! I made reservations based on the reviews here and was SO GLAD that I did. Storm appeared at breakfast the first morning after we arrived, asked what things we had planned to see, and made everything happen. When he found that there was an interesting event that we might want to see, he gently suggested that we change our plans for the day and we were so glad that we did. He has lived in Beijing all his life and knows the city. If you want Peking Duck, he knows the best authentic (non-touristy) restaurant. If you want to go to the Great Wall, he suggests the least crowded place to visit. He loves his job and it is easy to see how much care he takes with each person. The hotel is clean, comfortable, and the staff is wonderful. They speak good English and are there to make your stay memorable and enjoyable. Each room has bottled water, fresh fruit, nightly turndown service and nice beds. I cannot say enough good things about this hotel. We stayed a week and felt like we barely made a dent in the list of things to see in Beijing. It is a wonderful city! Stay at the Central Plaza Holiday Inn and you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bleeper999
<Content>Storm is THE man.... Beijing is a wonderful, interesting City. Very vibrant. Lots of traffic but taxis are cheap! Generally speaking the population does not speak English. However staff in the Hotel did - the Hotel was excellent and staff so friendly and helpful. I was ill with bronchitis during our stay and STORM came to our rescue - he was so helpful, friendly and full of advice without being too persistent. He got us medicine, and helped us get a camcorder head cleaner, and told us where to go for the best values in tourist purchases. I cannot imagine a more helpful person - Holiday Inn take note, you do not want to lose this member of staff.The Hotel was spotless - the food excellent. I cannot rate the hotel or its staff highly enough.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>NYCtraveler08
<Content>Service the best We researched hotels and found the Holiday Inn Central Plaza to have the best overall comments and a very reasonable price. When I contacted the hotel for assistance in touring Beijing and the Great Wall I was put in touch with Storm. Storm was terrific! He sent me information beforehand so my family could discuss and plan what we wanted to do and see. When we arrived, Storm met us and gave us some preliminary information for our time there. The next day he escorted us to Tiananmen Square and got us oriented to that area of Beijing. We did the Forbidden City alone but that was set up to assist English speakers.Storm arranged for our dinners at an interesting variety of places: traditional Chinese in the neighborhood, Peking Duck at a renowned restaurant that does it in the traditional oven roasted way, and Mongolian Hot Pot. He set up our tour to the Great Wall and offered us other alternatives. Since our visit was short, we opted to tour the Temple of Heaven and the Lama Temple. It was a great first time visit to Beijing which was made particularly wonderful by Storm and his assistance.If you go, stay at this hotel and ask for Storm!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>diatombaby
<Content>Excellent hotel Incredible hotel: beautifully decorated rooms; cozy slippers and robes; good tea, fresh fruit and copious bottles of water; a well-stocked fridge; high-quality linens and a very comfortable mattress; and a varied, extensive, and immensely tasty breakfast. Staff was very friendly and accommodating. No complaints at all and I would happily stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MiaMia62
<Content>Wonderful Experience We chose the Holiday Inn Central Plaza because of the outstanding reviews on Trip Advisor. But it still exceeded our expectations. The rooms were worthy of a five-star hotel, but the service was even better. We were especially blown away by the attentiveness and concern of the concierge, who goes by the English name of Storm. He went so far above and beyond what might be expected to make sure our needs and preferences were met that we felt we truly had a best friend in Beijing. He even accompanied us to the train station when we left Beijing, and saw us onto the train!! As far as the room goes, the beds, sheets, air conditioning, towels, cleanliness and quality were all five-star, and we have stayed in some truly world-class hotels. Wonderful hotel!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Holidays_soon
<Content>Surpassed expectations I had high expectations of this hotel after reading the reviews and they managed to surpass them. We stayed for 5 days at the start of our holiday and one day at the end.Room was lovely, newly fitted out and very stylish with thoughtful touches like UK plug points (also other types but not sure which ones)The breakfast and dinner buffets were superb. A great selection of European, American, Chinese and Japanese dishes - it was like a challenge to try as many as possible. Very reasonably priced. Waiting staff were attentive without being intrusive.Health club was clean and good facilities. Never met the famous Storm but all the staff that we met were extremely helpful and polite.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sjmortons
<Content>It's the Best As a financial auditor my work role is the identify weaknesses and exposures in the way businesses are conducting their affairs and provide an overall opinion ranging from 鈥渘ot satisfactory鈥?to 鈥済ood鈥? Most overall opinions are satisfactory, few are classified 鈥済ood鈥? My wife  I, together with our son  daughter (both adults), have just spent 4 days at the Central Plaza before heading to the UK. Our choice of hotel was based on being a gold Priority club member and research via TripAdvisor.  Overall opinion鈥 GOOD. Why? An old saying 鈥淵ou get what you pay for鈥? in this case our expectations were exceeded. The hotel is comfortable, all staff we came in contact with were obliging, the facilities adequately met all our needs, particularly the beds, we were upgraded and overall felt relaxed, comfortable and happy. Some might say location could be better however we had no trouble in getting the transportation we required.  And then there was Storm, the hotel鈥檚 鈥淐ustomer Service鈥?man, Concierge come 鈥済ive good service to all guests鈥?Manager鈥︹€?well referenced by many in TripAdvisor. He deserves the accolades given by guests to this hotel. Storm contacted us prior to arrival, met us upon arrival, played an important part in ensuring we got out of our Beijing visit what we wanted (plus more) and blended weather advice with sightseeing options to maximise our experience. Additionally, he was sufficiently astute to respect the fact that we were independent travellers who like and enjoy our own space. Storm, accompanied us to dinner on two evenings, this adding to the atmosphere of feeling at home and with friends whilst in Beijing. A man who loves what he does, is proud of his job, employer, culture and city and is willing to share all with the guests. He is a great asset to the hotel and its success.  In summary good value for money, warm  friendly staff, great beds and Storm. The hotel met all our needs and I鈥檓 sure they would yours.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lilasp
<Content>Storm Li, Conceirge Holiday Inn Central Plaza Storm Li took the stress and worry out of visiting Beijing and getting us to our ship on time. He arranged our tours and train trip to Xingang where we joined our ship. We would have been lost without him. He went out of his way to help us and get the most for our money. Look him up even if you're not staying at the Holiday Inn. He'll gladly help you anyway he can.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KeithfromPattaya
<Content>Watch out for dodgy taxi drivers and tour operators I have travelled to many places and have always tried to arrange a reliable pick up from whichever airport I go to. With this in mind I arranged to be picked up from Beijing Airport by Gray Line tours via their website at a cost of $69 for the pick up to the Holiday Inn and the return trip to the airport. The evening before my departure Gray Line rang me to conform the pick up time of 5.30am. I was waiting in the lobby at 5.20am when a Chinese gentleman approached and in his best English said You man for Airport? I asked if he was from Gray Line to which he said he was and the taxi was waiting. When I arrived at the airport he told me the fare was 160yuan and that he was not from Gray Line. I had very little option but to pay. He has obviously done this before as a 'friend' of his ushered me into the departure lounge while he stood in front of the licene plate to prevent me from getting the number. I expect to be confronted by touts and spivs at the airport but I find it totally unacceptable that somebody purporting to be a representative of a reputable company can walk into a hotel unchallenged and 'con' hotel guests. Needless to say I cannot claim the 'fare' back from Gray Line as they state that payment over the internet is non refundable. Apart from that I found the hotel to be everything already written on this site. The staff were excellent. The room, on the West Wing was comfortable and quiet and the food and the overall service were of a 5 star standard. Only two small gripes. The ATM in the hotel was not working for the week I was there and the bath tub is miniscule. However the shower is excellent. I would recommend the Gray Line tours ( with the proper guides ). I did their main three tours ie Tiananmen Square, Forbidden City, Summer Place, Temple of Heaven, Great Wall, Ming Tombs. Lama Temple and Beijing Zoo. All very good value for money. I was there for the last week in November which was the 'slack ' season. I dread to think what it must be like in the heat of the summer in the busy season.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	1	4	5	5	5	

<Author>DaleMR
<Content>Excellent Hotel        Breakfast at the hotel  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>world_in_80
<Content>Excellent Hotel Although this hotel is not central, the location really does not matter when you are visiting Beijing. The concierge makes it very convenient to take a cab anywhere you need to go. This hotel feels more like a five star than a Holiday Inn. The rooms and bathrooms are really clean and big. I will absolutely stay here the next time I am in Beijing.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>husainml
<Content>Very nice hotel. MY stay at the Holiday inn central plaza was very good.The service is very good and the most important the breakfast at the hotels was very good.It realy felt like a 5 star but the location is not good.Little bit far from the city but worth it if u in a private tour with a private car.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>SST07
<Content>Best Kept Secret in Beijing We stayed 10 days at the Beijing Central Plaza Holiday-Inn in November. Our experience was great after we ironed out a few kinks the day we arrived. We reserved a room with breakfast and Executive Lounge privilege. The breakfast at the Salt and Pepper was great and the staff was very friendly and eager to help. We could choose from the traditional milk and cereal, coffee and pastries, or bacon and sausage to Chinese won-ton soup, steamed buns, Chinese baked bread, soy bean milk, porridge, fresh fruits, and a number of other delicious items. The Executive Lounge was also very good. We could get drinks throughout the day and the happy hour between 6:00 PM and 8:00 PM provided us with drinks and a sample of snacks including hot and cold appetizers, deserts, fruits, and coffee. We could get all sorts extra assistance from non-English speaking staff because I am fluent in Mandarin.Hotel location is very convenient to the Forbidden City, Temple of Heaven, and major shopping areas. I found major bus routes on WWW.bjbus.com. We went to the Olympic Stadium by bus from the hotel. We took the number 800 bus near the hotel to Yonghe Gong (Lama Temple) station where we transferred to # 858 bus across the street via a pedestrian bridge to the Olympic Stadium East gate. It was surprisingly easy and convenient. The hotel is also very close to the #10 bus terminal where we used to visit the Forbidden City and the newly completed national concert hall/theater. We also took #5 bus to Bei Hai Park, which is one of our favorite place in Beijing.Beijing is our favorite city and the Central Plaza Holiday Inn is our favorite hotel in Beijing. We plan to go back again in the near future.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheSound
<Content>First Time in Beijing This trip to Beijing was our first experience in China and our stay at the Central Plaza Holiday Inn was an important aspect of our enjoyment.The Concierge, Storm, made excellent suggestions and assisted us in organizing interesting and worthwhile activities in order to see the best of Beijing. His planning included good suggestions for dining out in the city and in visiting the Great Wall on a day in November with optimal weather conditions.His services included several personal touches such as: finding us some fresh walnuts, helping us to use the urban transit system to get to Tianamien Square the first morning, and ensuring that a taxi was where we needed it for getting around the city.We would recommend the services of this hotel concierge to anyone visiting Beijing. We found the city and its sights easily accessible because of Storm's efforts.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Forgettaboutit
<Content>Storm was Great We were able to find a better deal by booking directly with the airline and the hotel.Flying to China from NY is grueling (12+ hrs) and you really don't want to contend with finding a taxi and then not knowing if they know where you are staying (you need directions in Chinese and have to pay them in Yuan), so I had Holiday Inn arrange airport pickup ($45 USD). Even though it was more than twice the going taxi rate, it was well worth it.The hotel itself did not look like a typical U.S. Holiday Inn - it was more upscale, meticulously clean and the dining was pretty good. Definitely book the breakfast as it is very good and good western food is not widely available. There's even an omelet/egg station. For money exchange we brought our atm card - be sure to alert your card provider you'll be using it in China. The hotel has an atm that we used to make withdrawals in Yuan. Exchange rate is approx $1=7.4 Yuan, so we withdrew 2000 yuan and that went in two days! We paid meals, shopping and tourist attractions in yuan because credit card conversion fees were 3%. Shopping at their markets (e.g. pearl, silk markets) and side streets is by negotiation, but you can find incredible deals. Most vendors know a little English but will hand you a calculator with their ask price. Type in what you are willing to pay in yuan (as a rule, we started at one-third the ask price). Walk away if you don't like the price, it will come down to what you are asking because they all sell the same things.We arrived on a Sunday and Storm called the room on Monday morning. He was great. He makes a 4 star hotel earn a 5 star rating. He only works in the mornings and can be found by the concierge area to the right of the entrance. We knew what we wanted to see and he made all the arrangements. He even came with us to Tinnanmen Square and showed us how to use the buses and subways. Both are cheap but incredibly crowded - especially during rush hours. Storm gave us a complimentary cell phone and on several occassions that saved us when the taxi driver did not know exactly where our hotel was. He is also good at recommending eateries and a great resource for getting to places on time (with traffic).You should still make sure you get a card with Hotel directions in Chinese at the Holiday Inn front desk. The city is huge and construction is at breakneck speed so taxi drivers may not know your hotel. Taxis are the best way to get around - I would not rent a car. Cab fare is quite reasonable. Traffic is usually horrendous as other posters have noted. Air quality the first 3 days was terrible - about a block visibility. It cleared up the final 3 days so that was a great way to end our stay. No surpises on the final bill either!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ConnieHK
<Content>Stylish Hotel, Super Concierge Having heard so much about Storm the super concierge I was expecting to meet a loud, boisterous, imposing man marching out to pump our hands and overwhelm us with ideas and suggestions. Instead, we were greeted upon arrival in the lobby by a rather unassuming, quiet, polite gentleman who was soft-spoken and gentle but who proved to be everything we were hoping for, and more. I had exchanged emails with Storm prior to our scheduled arrival, and he met us promptly as we got in from the airport, though it was getting to be late in the night. He had even called the airport earlier than morning to double check our arrival time. From then on, we were in his capable hands, and he certainly did not let us down. From dinners with his love wife Jasmine to a program of activities for each of the 4 days we were there (including sorting out transportation), Storm went above and beyond the call of duty - that's for sure. He listened to what we wanted and was proactive about making suggestions and arrangements. On our first day, he even accompanied us personally to Tiananmen Square via public bus, to give us a more authentic, local experience and to make sure we got there safely. Throughout, he was patient and kind and accommodating. We have never met a Concierge like him before. On finding out that I was pregnant, he even bought me a big bag of fresh, delicious walnuts (and cracked half of them for me during his personal time at home!!), as they are apparently good for the baby's hair. His level of service was absolutely touching. It may sound suffocating to some tourists, but for us he was perfect, and I believe he is sensitive enough to read people and decipher what level of attention they require. For our purposes, Storm fit the bill perfectly. In terms of the hotel, it was certainly more chic than what I would have expected of a Holiday Inn. Rooms/bathrooms were stylish, modern, and immaculate. Our king bed was HUGE and very comfy. One negative for me was the noise coming from the streets below at night, esp early in the morning. The room we were first given was Rm 906 and it faced the street so that by 6:30am, the sound of the engines from the cars was loud enough to wake and keep us up! To their credit, the staff was very nice about exchanging rooms for us immediately. While the new room was better (higher up and faced the other direction), I did think it was strange that I could STILL hear the cars early in the morning! Obviously the soundproofing around the windows could be improved upon and if there is one thing I would recommend to the hotel, this is it. Breakfast was pretty average. Stylish restaurant but the food was really rather bland and nothing to get too excited about. Not a problem though, because one would assume the exciting places to eat are OUTSIDE of the hotel in the real world. I would recommend the hotel (ask for an inward facing room if you're a sensitive sleeper like i am) and certainly for first timers to BJ would recommend that you contact Storm ahead of time, as he is by far the most dedicated and helpful Concierge we have ever encountered.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Globetrotter1London
<Content>Fantastic Stay  My husband and I recently stayed at this hotel with my 13 year old niece for six nights. We booked it on the strength of the previous reviews and the oft mentioned 'Storm'. Before we arrived we emailed Storm and he organised the hotel limo to pick us up from the airport (350 Yuan). When we first met him he was on a day off! This guy really loves his job! He gave us a mobile phone so that we could contact him at anytime. He called us with some regularity to make sure everything was going well and to see if he could be of any help. He organised two evenings out with him and his wife. The first was to a restaurant which had traditional chinese entertainment e.g. acrobats, opera and martial arts - brilliant evening. The second was to a family style restaurant where we were the only guests - fabulous experience. He helped us to conquer some tourist boundaries and, as such, we travelled on buses, had local haircuts, local foot massages and bought several pairs of prescription glasses. My husband even tried out some acupunture at the local hospital! He showed us great local restaurants. On top of all of this we visited the Forbidden City, Summer Palace, Temple of Heaven and The Great Wall. We also managed a visit to the zoo where Storm advised to catch a boat to the Summer Palace. Storm made this holiday. However, the hotel was excellent. Very smart executives rooms. Great food. Super executive lounge. Very easy to get around as taxis are super cheap and organised by hotel door staff, however we did walk to the Forbidden Palace from the hotel, and it was exhilarating to be on foot in the city. This was a great stay and we will be going back!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>davwhite
<Content>Great Hotel Tastefully decorated, staff were great, restaurant well above average, good location.Our group of 18 had no problems at all here, all were very satisfied  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rekha
<Content>Value for money hotel Stayed in this hotel for 3 nights and found it pretty decent, value for money and great breakfast. Would definitely recommend it to my friends, only hitch was that I found it slightly away from the central Beijing.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Derbyfan21
<Content>hotel oasis No Storm for our stay during National Holiday week but a great time and the young concierge boys were very helpful. Hotel is like an oasis at the end of a busy day sightseeing. Do try the local eateries in the streets around the hotel - even a posh restaurant only worked out at less than 拢4 for food for 2 of us. Taxis don't all know where the hotel is but the concierge gives you a handy card with full directions on it to help! Ideally located as all attractions are only a reasonable and cheap taxi ride away.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bugsbunny6
<Content>loved beijing  had a wounderful holiday with a single's group traveling china,Beijing the Holiday inn, Chengde hotel Yunshan very good  central.then Xian  stayed @ Bell tower Hotel another very central hotel  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>illflyaway
<Content>Beautiful hotel This is a quite luxurious hotel with beautiful rooms, excellent service, and an unbelievably good breakfast buffet. We stayed in this hotel as part of a school tour group and it was the nicest hotel of the four we stayed in during our trip to China. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ancarbone
<Content>Disappointed! I booked this hotel after I read the review and awards given by other tripadvisor users.This hotel really disappointed me. But what I can't really understand is how some of you find this hotel great or outstanding!!I was coming from a three week stay at Crowne Plaza Fudan hotel in Shanghai which was really amazing...When we arrived, reception staff tried to persuade us to have some upgrade and pay more than 50% of the room rate I had booked... This lasted for about 20 minutes.We were 4 friends and they were not able to give us two rooms on the same floor as I requested in my reservation, but the gave us two rooms in two different WINGS instead....Needless to say that personnel struggle with their english.... And they often lose...Concierge and Reception were almost useless apart from the Chief Concierge (i think his name is Mark) who was great and gave us his cell phone in case we had any problems...Rooms were average though I had some problems with dusty carpets and my allergy. The other wing (i think it's the West Wing) had much smaller rooms with ridiculously tiny bathrooms....Location is horrible. Beijing is such a big city and has big traffic problems that you have to get a Central Hotel.this one is far from every attraction you can imagine.....Last but not least I asked them for stamps to send postcards in Europe and they only had domestic stamps. So i left them some money to buy int'l stamps and send my postcards for me....Obviously, these postcards never arrived...  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	1	3	2	3	2	

<Author>maac56
<Content>Wonderful Stay       Hotel Foyer  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>felitrip
<Content>Beautiful stay We have chosen to stay here in July based on the reviews we saw on this site. I can only say they are totally true. Our daughters (5 and 7 years old) simply loved this place. And the difference amongst the other hotels we've stayed is made by the personnel and their happiness to satisfy even ridiculous simple requests. From the reception, concierge, restaurant, to room service they are all the time warm and friendly. Special thanks to Annemarie (Guest Manager), who through all our stay stayed closed to us, gave us good advices, ... and didn't make any complain about our noisy daughters:).  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Lraep
<Content>Value-for-money, but... We chose to stay at Holiday Inn Central Plaza in mid-July based on the numerous excellent reviews, esp. on their Concierge Manager, Mr Storm Li. We expressed our intension to have a side-trip to Datong  Tai Yuen (Shanxi), and Storm even called us long-distance! He offered to make all hotel and transportation arrangements for us, helped to follow-up on my son鈥檚 summer camp arrangement, and arranged a taxi (楼150) to pick us up from the airport. Although he wasn鈥檛 at Beijing during our arrival, he called the taxi-driver to make sure we were okay.Our only complaints with Storm were: right before our departure from home, we got a e-mail from him saying the price of the hotel room in Datong has gone up, and he has not made reservation for our air-tickets. I was quite annoyed because I have done a lot of research on hotels and air-tickets, and could have made all reservations on the internet well in advance. Upon our arrival, we had to spend time doing last-minute bookings for air-tickets and hotels in Datong  Tai Yuen. Thanks to 鈥渆long鈥? I was still able to get the rates I wanted. We only used the car arranged by Storm in Datong (楼400 for the day, including airport pick-up), and the same taxi-driver (Storm always arranged the same driver, but he was really nice) who drove us both ways between the hotel and the airport in Beijing.My advice is: if you don鈥檛 like to plan your trip, don鈥檛 mind to spend about 25% more, and don鈥檛 mind last-minute confirmation, then Storm could be really helpful as your last-minute trip-organisor. He could probably give you good advice, like one evening we made dinner reservation at 鈥淔amily Li Restaurant鈥? Storm advised us not to go there as it was expensive, but the food was just average. We went anyway, but deeply regretted it, as the food was really below average, very expensive, and the restaurant did not accept credit card (our bill for 2 adults  1 kid was 楼1,600). Much better alternatives are Tanjia Restaurant in Beijing Hotel, or Da Zhai Men Restaurant, where you could watch Chinese dinner shows (face-changing, acrobats, etc.) free while you dine (remember to make reservation well in advance for good seating).We鈥檝e probably got a good 14-day advance rate for our room. We did not have the luck to have free room-upgrade despite we were Priority Club member as some had mentioned. Instead the Front Receptionist tried very hard to pursuade us to pay 50% more to upgrade from a deluxe dbl room to a Suite, including offering us free breakfast, internet, and access to the business lounge. Luckily I had my room package print-out handly, and knew they were offers we were already entitled for. Of course they were not happy when we declined the offer. When we check-in the second time after our trip to Shanxi, we had the same experience again.Our room was nice and clean, and well-stocked with amenities.If your room package have access to the business lounge, you have the options to have breakfast at the lounge or their 鈥淪alt  Pepper Restaurant鈥? My advice is the latter as breakfast at the lounge was always not hot enough, and had a limited variety. Coffee at the hotel was very good, but I later found out quite a lot of hotels in China used those Coffee machines now.We had dinner one evening at their Chinese restaurant. Food was only average.It鈥檚 unavoidable to mention the Hotel鈥檚 inconvenient location. It could be quite a nuisance to have to go to the Metro station by taxi as traffic is often bad and even a short trip to the Metro station could take 15-min. easily, esp. in the morning.We made reservation to stay at the Hotel for 8 nts., but we finally decided to cut it down to 5.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	1	4	1	3	4	

<Author>DreamLover3
<Content>Same quality and service as you would get at a Shangri-la hotel My 13 year old son and I arrived on July 4 and stayed for 2 nights.This was our first trip to Beijing. I normally stay at Shangri-La hotels when travelling in Asia. This Holiday Inn offered the same service and quality of a Shangri-la, which is saying a lot. Infact their service and attention to detail is better then some Shangri-la hotels and many other 5 star hotels! The breakfast buffet was excellent.If you have time then take a richshas ride from hotel to Tienamen Square. It is fun and takes about 30 - 45 minutes of great sightseeing.If you need anything then check with Storm Li the concierge and I am sure you will be taken care of better then in many 5 star hotels.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone. And say hello to Storm from Dean and Adam!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>robatleyland
<Content>excellent service at holiday inn After a long flight delay out of Manchester and a missed connection in Dubai thanks to Emirates, we were grateful to be greeted by the Holiday Inn van driver at Beijing airport at 11 pm. OK it cost a bit more than the amazingly cheap local taxis but well worth the 350 RMB. This Holiday Inn is on the south side of the city, not central but then getting anywhere from A to B in Beijing involves a taxi ride. The hotel upgraded us to executive club which meant complimentary breakfast and drinks on the top floor- even free beer! Internet was free, there was plenty of bottled water and free pop in the fridge. Free laundry service was also appreciated. The room had enough space for the three of us. When I tried to get the fridge a bit cooler the fuse blew- an engineer was round to fix it within half an hour. The hotel has pool and a well-equipped gym, though it's a bit dsconcerting to have people in the lift watch you work out.Celebrity concierge Storm was not much in evidence but not needed- staff were genuinely friendly and helpful. Ann-Marie from Salt  Pepper restaurant had plenty of helpful advice. There is a neat device for handling local taxis where you take a hotel card to the driver the name of sight ticked off. On the back is the hotel name in Chinese and a local map. One slight problem is that the hotel is new and some taxi drivers don't know it.Surrounding area is very local, interesting and also very safe- without the hawkers that pester you in Tianamen Square and other sights. We tried Salt  Pepper in hotel for first night meal but better value is to be found outside. Try the Youth restaurant for great peking duck and some unusual dishes- I drew the line at bullfrog! There's also a new restaurant right opposite the hotel which does great seafood. Beijing is amazingly cheap to eat out .This is one of the best value hotels we've stayed at and comes in sharp contrast to those grabbing and sloppy places you get in US and UK. Well worth a visit anf a great start to our stay in Beijing.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MilwaukeeCol
<Content>Good hotel; great service. Our family of 3 stayed at the Holiday Inn July 18-20, 2007. We specifically chose the hotel because of the reviews on TravelAdvisor and we were not disappointed. I contacted Storm Li, the concierge, before we arrived to ask him to arrange a trip to the Great Wall at Mutianyu for our family for the day after we arrived. He did so and asked if we'd like to add a trip to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square, as well. to top things off, the same driver picked us up at the airport (even when our flight was 5 hours late). Storm was not at the hotel when we checked in, but he called us on our way from the airport to make sure that everything was going as planned. At check in, the hotel manager spoke with us to ensure that we understood everything and that everything was to our satisfaction. The hotel had no non-smoking rooms, but the smoking room we were given was cleaned like none I had ever been in before--I am very allergic to smoke and I detected not a whiff of it the entire time were there. The first night, we were very tired, so we ate the buffet at the hotel. It was very good and quite diverse. Nice for a hotel buffet. The next day, our driver picked us up at the hotel at 8:30 and we went to Tiananmen and the Forbidden City. At about noon, we left for Mutianyu Great Wall, stopping for lunch along the way. We were back at the hotel by 6:00pm. The wait for us at the airport (5 hours) the day before, the hour ride to the hotel and then 10 hours of dedicated sight-seeing time cost us 900RMB with tip, paid to the driver. It might be a little steep, but it was very nice to have our own driver because we had limited time in Beijing. When we arrived at the hotel Storm was there (in civilian clothes) and asked if we'd like to accompany him, his wife and another family to a local Beijing Duck Restaurant at 7:15pm. Of course! So, we joined Storm, his lovely wife, and an Irish family (with a child the age of our son) to have an authentic Beijing Duck dinner. Storm insisted on paying the bill, over protests from both families. We decided to move our flight to Shanghai to an earlier time and Storm spent the morning ensuring that we could get our tickets at the airport and gave us directions to ensure we'd get to the right place upon our arrival there. All in all, a wonderful, but brief, trip to Beijing. This is the first time I've used TravelAdvisor to help me choose a hotel and you can bet I'll do it again!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>miyasmom
<Content>A great place to start a great vacation!!!!       tv, desk, internet access  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>seetheworld33
<Content>Great Stay I can't say enough good things about this hotel...friendly staff, fabulous decore, spotlessly clean. We are Priority Club members and were upgraded to the executive floor on check-in so we ate all of our breakfasts and dinners in the lounge which worked out well after long days of sight-seeing. The hotel is not centrally located and has only a few Chinese restaurants nearby so the lounge was a bonus and would be worth the added cost. We did have some trouble with taxis not knowing where the hotel was located even though the hotel provided us with a card with both the address and map in Chinese. Great knock-off buys at the Silk Market which is only a 35CNY cab ride away.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>frompoletopole
<Content>Great Value at the Holiday Inn We stayed at this hotel for a few days while in Beijing. We had 2 rooms for our family. Our stay was absolutely wonderful. It was an outstanding value and the staff was really helpful. In fact, we had a financial dispute with a taxi driver who took us to the great wall and wanted more money. The hotel manager came outside to help resolve the dispute (although the hotel technically had nothing to do with it) and helped resolve the matter to our complete satisfaction. We had no meals at the hotel but their cafe lattes were outstanding.The free cell phone they gave us during our stay did not work, but maybe we did not how to operate it.The Holiday Inn is not the Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons (we have stayed at both) but it far exceeded our expectations for a Holiday Inn. We can highly recommend this hotel as an outstanding value. The only drawback is the hotel location. There is nothing really nearby, so a taxi ride is needed no matter where you go. A tip for people just arriving in Beijing: have the hotel email or fax you the hotel name, address and DIRECTIONS in Chinese, because most taxi drivers hardly speak any English. Having this info in mandarin will definitely help you get there from the airport. We paid around 100 yuan for the taxi from the airport to the hotel (not sure if this is a good price or not). The fitness and pool were nothing fancy but were certainly adequate.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ColoradoFamilyoffour
<Content>Enjoyed our stay at the Central Plaza Holiday Inn Our family of two adults and 2 children (11 and 7) were in Beijing from May 30 - Jun 5, and again on June 11 on our way back home. This was our first time to China though we have traveled to many other countries including Europe, Mexico, Canada, India etc. The hotel is very nice, with clean rooms, comfortable beds, and friendly staff. The complimentary cell phone the hotel provides is a great idea and service. Storm Li and his staff really helped in making our trip enjoyable and less stressful. Storm Li helped us with tickets for the Kung Fu show as well as tour of the city and a private car to go to the Great Wall. The concierge desk provided us the phone and told us we could keep it with us for our entire stay in China including the days we were in Xian and Shanghai. Storm Li would call us daily to check on our arrangements and to help with the day鈥檚 plans even in these other cities! We really think they go beyond the call of duty in taking care of guests. The buffet breakfast was a good way to start the morning. The selection got a bit boring by the end of our stay but not having to think of what to order and whether the meat or fruit was safe to consume sure made it worthwhile. We stayed in a standard room with two double beds and found it was adequate for our family. Even though the website states a limit of three to one room, we did not have any problems in this hotel or Crown Plaza in Shanghai or even the Sheraton in Xian with 2 adults and 2 kids to a room. The room was clean and the bed with feather pillows (we called house keeping for these) very comfortable. The wireless worked well. There was a charge for the wireless but we only used it for about an hour a day so the charge was reasonable. The travelers check exchange rate at the hotel lobby was the best compared with the other hotels we stayed as (see above) or the airport. There is also an ATM in the hotel where you can get cash.Salt and Pepper was a good though it is pricey and service is slow. We only ate here once. The room serice was good and fast and preferred by the kids over eating at the Chinese resturants close to the hotel. The hotel鈥檚 location is probably the one draw back but we always got a taxi when we needed it. We never had any issue with the driver not knowing how to get us to the hotel.Since we had plenty of luggage we took the hotel van back to the Beijing airport. It cost just about the price of two taxis but was more comfortable.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>RTWManchester
<Content>All Hype. My partner and I have been using trip advisor to book hotels on our round the world trip and until Beijing so far so good.We booked into this hotel based on its rating with trip advisor and because of the rave review on their concierge, Storm.Hotel - very good for a Holiday Inn and good breakfastStaff - extremely poor or no english spoken e.g asked what time sunrise was and response was you want to go to airport?Concierge(other) no english spoken and no help offered at all. His response to any question or task was No.Concierge(Storm) - booked trip to Great Wall and taxi ride there and back was way more than it would have been if booked independently Concierge(Storm) - booked Pedicab trip through Hutong District on his insistence. This turned out to be again very expensive for what turned out to be no more than a ride through some bricks and rubble. Also our Pedicab rider spoke no english and couldn't explain where he was taking us(no english signs outside temples etc.)Concierge(Storm)- we told him we were going to Tibet for 6 days and would be returning to Beijing for 1 night . He insisted he book an airport hotel for us on our return as we had an early flight the next morning. We returned from Tibet not only to find that he hadn't booked a hotel for us, but that all the airport hotels were full, leaving us with no other option than to sleep in the departure lounge. This was all after leaving him with a very healthy tip.We strongly believe that the reason we paid so much for the taxi and Pedicab is that Storm is taking kickbacks i.e. getting commission from the taxi and pedicab drivers.Beijing is not a difficult city to navigate and arranging tours independently isn't that difficult.We paid 650RMB for the taxi ride to and back from the Mutianuyu section of The Great Wall and 350RMB for the pedicab. The taxi should have been 500RMB max and the Pedicab.....forget it, just a waste of time.I think that Storm has become a little too big for his boots.Avoid this hotel if need to communicate in english with the staff.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	3	1	4	

<Author>Pianoman_7
<Content>Made our independent China Trip Wonderful We stayed at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza for 9 nights, with a side trip to the Shanxi Province (Yungang Caves, Pingyao, Jin Cin Temple) organized by the concierge desk in between. This is a wonderful hotel in a great location with an amazing concierge desk led by Storm Li. It is no overstatement to say that this hotel, and Storm Li at the concierge desk, helped make our first independent trip to China work. The hotel is very clean and up to Western standards, the location is more typical Beijing than the other western brand hotels, and is half the price. This would easily be a 4 star hotel in the US. We never had a problem with taxis. The only taxi that would not take us here were gypsy cabs that knew they could not overcharge us if they drove up to the hotel's door. I suspect the reports below of taxi problems are really from gypsy cabs, not regular metered cabs. What really sets this hotel apart, however, is Storm Li at the concierge desk. You get a cell phone to take with you, in case you need advice, or translating services while away from the hotel. His advice on activities and restaurants was exceptional. We also arrived with an unusual request. We wanted to explore the nearby Shanxi province to see the Yungang Grottos and Pingyao. He was able to provide travel services advice to help organize this trip for us, by train and bus, something we never could have done on our own in the short time we had in China, and not speaking Chinese. Storm had never seen the Yungang Grottos himself, and he even took a vacation day on a Friday to treat his wife, Jasmine, to a short weekend mini-vacation, accompanying us for the first 2.5 days of our 4.5 day side trip from Beijing. We cannot possibly express how much better our trip to China went with the services of Storm Li at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza. Many of our friends had gone to China on package tours and said they loved China but hated the rushed tour. We wanted to see China independently, without a tour, and this hotel made all that possible and easy. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lovinlife2
<Content>A First Class Experience from beginning to end! Reviews are correct.Happy I went I had a very relaxing stay at this property. I took a taxi ride from Beijing Airport (PEK) at around 2100. The taxi queue had about 20 people in front of me. It takes about 45 min to arrive to the Hotel (approx.USD$8.00) It seemed kinda far out from the airport, but all driving was done on tollway. I felt welcome from the beginning, my room was nicely decorated in black laquered furnature and trim. The hotel  restaurants seemed very much renovated or fairly new, and everything was fashionable/up to date, almost boutique'ish The rooms were alsoup to date (my room was a standard room with two beds) I had dimming lights on the wall, flat screen TV's, and Pay wireless/wired internet access. The beds/bedding are feel very new. very clean comfortable. The Showers were spacious, lined with Brown Slate, with a large glass door keeping the water out. It was a very comfortable shower! Amenities were the standard ones. Room Service was nicely presentated, and what i ordered was very much worth it! I was not able visit any landmarks around the hotel this time, so i cannot tell you how close it was to anything of interest. I did notice that a major rainway station was just couple of blocks awayI I was not able to see much around the Beijng area, Except for my 45 min walk around the neighborhood which was very safe  clean and will give you a glimpse of the local lifestyle. For my stay, priority club membership i think was all it took for them to comp me Business Lounge Access w/ all the benefits.Super Staff in there. Checkout was again, swift  no wait for taxi ride back to the Airport. This hotel is trying very hard to be a 5star experience, and i think that they have not very far to go! A Great Choice! and it seems that i am not the only one that had a fantastic stay!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nosh79
<Content>Olivia and Storm were fantastic We had a fab time in May. Olivia the restaurant manager for Salt and Pepper and the concierge Storm were sooooooooo helpful, kind and friendly, especially when the language barrier was a bit difficult. Olivia answered all our queries and questions always with a warm smile. Storm saved us lots of money by giving us alternative ways of getting to places with such personalised service. They really made the difference to our whole trip and think we would have been lost without them. Generally all the staff were helpful, although language was a bit difficult with some. Rooms were clean and spacious with good prices. Not far from Forbidden city or Silk street, make sure u haggle lots though, start from 10% of the price they give you.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	1	

<Author>MissPf
<Content>WONDERFUL STORM This Hotel is one of the best I have stayed in and the primary reason is the Concierge STORM.From the minute we met he was very quick to work out I was a difficult customer and rose to the challenge immediately. He was wonderful and so thoughtful and extremely proffesional. He made my stay at this Hotel and my trip to the sights fantastic. There is not a thing this man can not sort out and for that very reason, he is what makes this hotel outstanding.It is in a good spot, it is a modern,clean and comfortable with a twist of sophistication at very fair rates. My only gripe is the quality of the food in the restaurant but I may have caught it on a bad night.If you want a good hotel with an excellent concierge who will make your stay perfect then stay here.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Katrice
<Content>Brilliant, brilliant,brilliant... Are currently on a round the world trip, hence its taken so long to get around to writing a review! We stayed at this hotel for two weeks in February 2007 and since then have been to Thailand, Hong Kong, Australia and New Zealand. This was the best hotel we stayed in by far. It is excellent value for money, the rooms are spacious and the concierge, Storm arranged an itinerary for my birthday which made it a day I will never forget. I dont agree with the comments re location. If you go to see some of the real Beijing as well as the usual tourist sites take a walk around the surrounding streets and watch chinese life go by. Fascinating. The taxis are so cheap, nowhere is far away. A good tip is to never get in a taxi that is stationary, always flag one down and always check the meter is on. I cant rave about this hotel and Beijing in general enough.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>allgau58
<Content>home away from home The moment I arrived at the hotel I was met by the duty manager at the door and accompanied to my room on the business floor for check in. From this moment on, the personalized service and attention continued until check out several days later. ALL of the staff seem to make the well-being of their guests a priority.I really liked the location of the hotel, an easy going neighbourhood, where people still dance outside in the evening, where you can find local chinese restaurants and supermarkets , not tourist traps.All this within easy reach of the major tourist sites either by taxi or subway (very easy to use and no traffic jams, stations are announced in english too ) .Take a taxi to the nearest subway station changchun jie.Never had any problems with taxis whatsoever, the meter was always turned on and i was always given a receipt, there are even prerecorded announcements in english in the taxi.Great breakfast , very good coffee , impeccable service.My special thanks go to Michael , the reception supervisor , vivian and all the other staff who made my stay very relaxing and unforgettable. thanks again!  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>obrushevshiy
<Content>Very Good Overall Just returned from Beijing. The Holiday Inn is not central, but as a fellow guest pointed out the only central place in the city is the Forbidden City and you can't stay there. Beijing is about as spread out as Los Angeles so you will spend a lot of time in cars no matter where you are staying.I ditto the very positive comments on Storm Li that other reviewers have left.One thing to be aware of- the website says they have free internet which is only half true. They have free wireless in the common areas which means you can check e-mail while eating in one of the restaurants, etc. But access in your room is RMB 90 per day and the speed of the free internet is rather unimpressive- maybe 2-3x a dial up connection.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	4	2	

<Author>MX3
<Content>A Very Unexpected and Pleasant Experience By some error or slip-up, My wife and I ended up staying at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza during the latter part of our trip to Beijing. I'd have to say, that was one slip-up that we wouldn't mind happening again. Our overall experience at the Central Plaza was, to put it mildly, wonderfully terrific. No wonder Central Plaza has been consistently ranked no. 1 here and has been receiving such great reviews. The Central Plaza's facilities, rooms, food and SERVICE are just what you would want to experience when you are on a vacation and just want to relax and enjoy. We stayed at the executive club floor and the room we got was spacious and the furnishings, beautiful and tastefully done. The buffet breakfast was also something we looked forward to every morning. The spread and selection of the food was something that we would probably never get tired of eating, even if we were to eat there everyday for a week. Of course, the real reason for the Central Plaza's top ranking is the quality of SERVICE they provide. From the Central Plaza's managers to the bell hops to the chambermaids, they really know how to pamper their guests. I should perhaps add here that when the manager learned that my wife and I were celebrating our anniversary, he sent a bottle of wine to our room, compliments of the hotel.This review would never be complete without mentioning Storm, the concierge. He is one concierge that every hotel should have. If ever you find yourself going on a trip to Beijing without any plan or itinerary, or if there's anything at all you need, just ask Storm, and he'll take care of everything for you. That's how good he is. REALLY!The only not so nice thing I can say about this hotel is that it's location is not that central. It is not near any of the famous tourist areas. However, this was not really a problem for us since most of the Beijing tours and guides pick you up right at your hotel lobby. Besides, taxis are relatively cheap, so going around doesn't really cost that much.We really had a very pleasant and satisfying stay at the Central Plaza and we look forward to staying there again. We highly recommend it.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	4	5	3	

<Author>nonoyManila
<Content>We made the right decision! After a thorough checking of the different hotels and websites before we left for Beijing, we definitely made the right decision by picking this hotel. The room is nice and spacious. The breakfast buffet was the best, the service was excellent. And to top it all, you have the best concierge manager, Mr. Storm Li. He was instrumental with our hotel reservations, always making sure that we stay in touch with him just in case we get lost by way of the in-house cellphone lent to us during our entire stay. The hotel must be extremely proud and fortunate to have a concierge manager like him. Thank you Mr. Storm. Can't wait to make another trip.Nonoy, Manila  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aj1a
<Content>The rumors are True! This IS one of the hidden gems in Beijing and Storm IS the best concierge I've ever met!! Being an avid traveler and reviewer of TripAdvisor, I trusted in others reviews of this hotel. Traveling a far distance to a foreign land can sometimes be scary. Thankfully to TripAdvisor, I was able to pick one of the best hotels I've ever stayed in. This hotel is a FIVE star hotel. Yes, it isn't central. We get that. But like other's say, what is in China, nevermind Beijing. Taxi's are cheap and everything is within a few miles. As far as service and hospitality, this hotel and its staff are UNbelieveable! As the location gives you a local feel, the staff makes you feel like family. I traveled here with my mother and fiancee. My fiancee left to Shanghai for work and my mother and I stayed in Beijing for leisure. We stayed two nights here and enjoyed everything from the hotel from airport transfers, massages, the coffee shop, the two restaurants and bar. We booked a tour of the Great Wall and Ming Tombs from the hotel and it ended up being an awesome group of people and a fun day for $50 USD pp. We also ate locally at a nearby Hotpot restaurant and while they may not have understood us, we had a great meal for $9 USD that left us stuffed. We were so happy with this hotel, on our return trip back to Beijing for one more night before we departed, we canceled our Hotel Kunlun reservation just to come back to the Holiday Inn Central Plaza. I can't say enough about this hotel and I was truly sad to have to leave. Saving the best for last, Storm Li is the other hidden gem. If you want to make your trip memorable, have a quick chat with him. If it hadn't been for my train ticket issue I had with an outside ticket agency, I might have never met him and we wouldn't have been able to see the high quality standards he and the hotel adhere to. I can't wait to return to Beijing because of my experience here and will choose ONLY to stay at the Hoilday Inn Central Plaza.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Clon11
<Content>child friendly, great staff A great welcome from staff at reception, and all luggage was delivered quickly to the rooms. Inter-connecting rooms were great for families with young children. Food choice was diverse and excellent for a tourist grade hotel. The children ate free with us, and they loved the choices available. Storm Lee was on hand to discuss holiday itinerary while we ate, and planned everything for us, even allowing for the young ages of our children, and even got out of his way to look for some items we could not find in Hong Kong and GuangZhou - A most accomplished concierge who deservedly received a big tip! The hotel is a little off the beaten track, but taxis are cheap and a complimentary hotel mobile phone ensured we never got too lost. However, we got to walk around a mainly residential area and saw the locals, and got to speak to some of them, not just fellow holiday makers. Hotel key holder has some tremendous info, with phrases and tourist attraction names, most helpful for first time Beijing visitors!Many taxi drivers are from outside Beijing so the hotel address may not be familiar. Only stop a rolling taxi on the streets or at designated taxi ranks. A small tip (5-10 Yuan, equivalent to 0.5 -1 Euro) for services was always most welcomed, but never asked for (except in the hotel restaurant where it was standard), unlike most US establishments.Hotel pool was good sized for a city hotel, and the gym looked excellent.We will definitely be back, not the best voted hotel in Beijing for nothing.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>spailey
<Content>Very impressed with this great hotel       Suite: bedroom  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>racerx27
<Content>Wonderful Deal Jason is the man! This hotel is so clean and so classy, especially for the price. True, it is not near any major landmarks and if you do not speak Chinese, many cab drivers will not be able to find it simply by pointing at the card (as some of my non-Chinese speaking friends found out). But just call the hotel and one of the wonderful concierge will talk the driver through it. They are quick to help with any needs. The rooms are very slick and cool with beautiful woods and leather. And the bathrooms are clean by American standards. Any traveler to China can tell you even luxury hotels have a hard time keeping mildew down, it's just in the water! But this hotel is very nice, great lobby, and the Salt and Pepper restaurant is so good. If you've been in the real China for a while and are dying for some good Western food, this restaurant delivers. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KohPhiPhi
<Content>Best $100 Hotel Ever!!! The positive reviews on TripAdvisor were spot on for this great hotel. The hotel was very attractive, including lobby, bar, restaurants and room. Everything is modern and minimalist, yet warm and attractive. The room was spacious enough with all needed amenities and a nice and large bathroom. See-Through bar was a good spot and Zen Restaurant was really nice place with great food. The gym in the hotel was also very good. To top off the wonderful ambience and amenities was the service. Frank and Tony at the concierge were great. Frank hooked us up with a tour guide friend of his named Bill for a tour of the great wall. Expected a large bus filled with other tourists but ended up being a private tour for 2 and Bill was great. All of the staff is friendly, courteous and goes out of their way to help. The hotel is a bit outside center of town, but since not everything you want see is right in the center of town, and since everything in Beijing is a cheap cab ride away anyways, this did not detract from our stay at all. There are also many great restaurants in the South side of Beijing near the hotel, and plenty within walking distance. By far the best Holiday Inn and $100 hotel I've ever stayed in.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Keys traveller
<Content>Wonderful hotel, great service       Bedroom view  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hiker66
<Content>great place, friendly people stayed here the 21st of feb. to the 1st of march.i cannot say morefor Storm the hotels conceirge(SPELLED WRONG) he set up trips4 us clued us in on taxis and even gave us a cell phone to call him if we ran into any trouble.we got into a illegial taxi whereisaw the meter was going 5 yuon at a time instead of 1. i calledand he was waiting at the front door and the taxi driver took 60yuon instead of 180 that was on the meter.he made our stay inbeijing a memorable one. THANKS STORM.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Advancepsy
<Content>One Exception to a Great Stay, but matter is resolve My wife and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza for four days. The hotel is clean, comfortable, and staff members were very accomodating. We stayed on the Executive floor and were very pleased with the beverage and food service. The hotel restaurant has a delightful and extensive breakfast buffet. We encountered one problem: one hotel employee had directed us to hire a private car for two excusions (i.e., Great Wall one day, and the Summer Palace the next). Unfortunately, we later learned that the employee had hired a friend of hers to drive us around, and we paid about fourfold what we should have. When we contacted the hotel manager, he was extremely apologetic and refunded our out-of-pocket expenses. He certainly didn't need to do that, but it exemplifies the length this hotel and its staff will go to make your stay a pleasant one. I was very impressed with the manager's response. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone, including families.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blogginovertheworld
<Content>Fantastic top to bottom There were three of us who stayed here. First time in Beijing, first time in China. We didn't speak a word of Mandarin, and I gotta tell you we couldn't have a better time or better service than we did. The staff was fantastic and friendly, primarily a younger group they clicked with is immediately. We're in our 20's and grasped at the chance to experience China. While we were there Jens was the manager, and he and the rest of the staff at the Holiday Inn were friendly helpful and full of information. The entire hotel always had a smile, and were always helpful. The buffet was fantastic, and as travelers who were very weary as to what to eat, it was a great start to the day. The hotel from the lobby to the rooms came across like a 5 star hotel, the location isn't the greatest, but who cares? It's like a 15RMB taxi ride to anywhere. Three guys, that's a 5 a piece, less than a dollar. This place is well, well worth it.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>FEnriqueCV
<Content>The best one I ever stayed I was on a business/leisure trip at HI Central Plaza... please don't be fooled by the bad comments about these hotel, hard to believe. I can say it's the best hotel I've ever stayed in a 3* property, but honestly this one because of the quality of services and rooms, it can boast a 5* ranking... I was attracted by the good grades I saw and I am happy I have chosen this hotel.All the staff is always helpful, I didn't find anyone who tells me a no for a request, at the beginning I felt strange nobody seemed to be tired, upset, etc., that I thought they were hipnotized, truly, but after you have talked with this magnificent staff you realize they do their best because they love what they do. Food is very good, nothing to do with chinese food, it's very international. Regarding location, that is not a problem as you can take the safe taxi that are parked just in front of the building and the bell-boy personally takes note the plates of the taxi that takes you and where you are going so they can help you just in case, this is superb!! I always felt safe here, and the only time I didn't take these taxis I was tricked. Use only those black and green and black and dark blue, no others! The rate is quite good and I recommend you to chose a little higher one so that includes breakfast which is delicious. In my next trip to Beijing, although I knew some other hotels, I definitively will stay here again... by the way, I am a travel agent.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>raku
<Content>NOT central Why all the hype over this place? I would not stay here again simply because it is in the middle of nowhere. I speak Chinese and none of my cabdrivers knew what I was talking about when I directed them to the hotel. The first driver admitted that he was a new cabbie. I called the hotel on my mobile and had them give him directions, and he still took a wrong turn. The next time I took a cab back, I was armed with a handy map from the concierge, but even that did not help my driver who got lost on the way home. In both cases the drivers turned off the meter and apologized profusely. Cab drivers leaving the hotel were not as polite and took advantage of the hotel鈥檚 southwest location to head even further south or west to one of the ring roads in order to take us to the action on the other side of town. The cab to the airport, for example cost twice as much as it would have from my friend鈥檚 apartment near the Kerry Center on the east side of town. I hate being fleeced by Beijing cabbies and staying at this hotel makes it inevitable. Also no Starbucks or Yonghe doujiang (local soymilk/breakfast chain) in the area means that you鈥檙e forced to have breakfast at the hotel buffet which is overpriced (88 RMB) and excessive as those things usually are. It wasn鈥檛 included in our rate and we tried to negotiate with the front desk (in English and Chinese) to no avail. The coffee was good and the Chinese breakfast included not-to-be-missed local Beijing specialties like jianbing 鈥?a crispy savory pancake with egg. The young English-speaking man at the western breakfast station was very rude about egg orders to the point of amusement.We were pleased with our room 鈥?spacious and very well appointed but underwhelmed by the service (Storm the super concierge must have been on vacation in January). If this place were located in an area like Wanfujing or Chaoyang I would stay again but at the current location and price I recommend giving Holiday not so Central a miss.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hurcules
<Content>Wonderful Staff and hotel We immensely enjoyed our stay at Holiday Inn Central Plaza Beijing. Staff was courteous, responsive and flexible, and Storm was incredibly helpful. As we (wife  I and our two small boys) spoke little English, Storm copied maps for us to give to taxi drivers or local bus attendants. When I told Storm that my family would like to see acrobatics, Storm arranged discounted tickets for us and personally escorted us to the theater via local bus and subway, and showed us how, so we later took the bus and subway on our own, much faster than taxi from downturn during the long rush hour. Storm had excellent suggestions, such as the Lao She tea house performances and the Hebei park. In each case, Storm copied the detailed map for us while we ate a hearty and delicious breakfast.Rooms were clean, quiet, and comfortable. Also conveniently exchanged both US$ travelers checks and cash at the hotel at a good rate. We stayed at this hotel because of the great reviews and would definitely stay there again.Other notes: the taxi ride from the Beijing airport to the Holiday Inn CP hotel was 130 yuan. Ignore the young airport police officer who tries to get you into his friend's taxi for more than 400 yuan. Also, if you fly China Southeast Airlines, ignore their demand to pay luggage insurance.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luccesse
<Content>Holiday Inn Central Plaza All I can say is that if it wasn't for Storm we would not have had the best trip of our lives!!! Storm arranged everything for us, always checked in with us to make sure everything was ok, without being intrusive. He told us in detail the things to expect, explained the culture, took us to a Chinese wedding at a famous teahouse. He arranged a rickshaw ride that was incredible. He arranged for us to have a massage that was a real experience. He took time out of his Sunday to make sure we saw the forbidden city, he even stood in line with us for tickets. He took us to the bank and made sure we had dinner plans. He is AMAZING!! He goes above and beyond!!In terms of the hotel, it is very nice. We booked the executive rate, the girls in the executive area had a little bit of an attitude, but that just might be the culture, we were 2 women visiting. The hotel breakfast and happy hour was the best. We didn't pay for one meal. The room was fantastic, three different types of pillows, awesome bed, great showere and tolietries, fresh fruit daily as well as 6 free sodas daily. The executive area had drinks all day and snacks and you could even brew yourself an expresso. The internet was free as well and in a very relaxing atmosphere. The bar in the lobby had great ambiance too. I can't wait to go back. The shopping is the best at the pearl market. Pashminas for 2.50 usd at jenny's shop. You must go see Cha Cha for purses, gloves, belts, etc on the 2nd floor atParis No. 87 right off the escalator, she is great!!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SharpView
<Content>An excellent hotel This is the best hotel I have stayed at in mainland China. The staff, the service, restaurants, food, room, bed, bed linen and bathroom were all excellent. It demonstrated that staff training pays off. My only gripe was the outrageous 3 RMB/minute (180RMB/hour) for business centre internet access. If you have WiFi, there is free access at public area hotspots (but I saw no notice mentioning the service). Wired laptop access was 90RMB per day. Why hotels discourage customers with these charges I don鈥檛 know. I really enjoyed staying at this hotel and would really want to stay there again if I was in Beijing.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	2	

<Author>jltaylor
<Content>Nicest Holiday Inn I've ever seen               
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Worldtraveller06
<Content>Great Room, Great Pool, Great Staff I have stayed already at several Hotels through Asiabut this one has been the most helpful one of Alleven if it is not a 5 Star!!!First of all the room was very clean and spaciousthe pool was great for a swim every dayand a cool small bar/lounge at the lobby for a beer or twonot cheap but good enviroment.The Concierge and Staff of the Hotel where very friendly andhelped and arranged all things that you needed.I also managed to get the toilet stuck and within a few mins it got fixed, greatt ins't it!!!The Location may be not centered but easy to reach...and taxis if they not cheat are cheap...Stay if you can and want a relaxed few days in beijing  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>downtowntan
<Content>Average Hotel Just returned from a three-night stay in one of the property's Club Floor rooms. We liked the newer lobby area and enjoyed some of the tastiest waffles I've had in a long time. Arrived late at night and the reception staff was welcoming and efficient at check-in. Enjoyed complimentary in-room broadband (not Wi-Fi), four-per-day garment pressings, and evening canapes and open bar in the Club lounge. Certainly worth the slight price rise for the Club Floor rooms. Unfortunately, although the rest of the property tries hard, it's looking a little worn around the edges: from the slightly old-ish elevator cabs to some of the dog-eared in-room fixtures. A couple of pieces of furniture were slightly stained and the odd bathroom setup featuring a window separating the bathroom and bedroom areas (with mini-blinds) conveyed a somewhat dated feel. Same applies to parts of the fitness center, locker room, and pool area.Also, the chauffeured car service we arranged through the Club Lounge concierge was only adequate: we reserved the car for a flat rate the night before only to be informed in the morning that our agreed price didn't include tolls and fees which could amount to another 200RMB. Not a fantastic amount, but it was a bit of an unpleasant surprise. Also, the driver didn't speak any English, which we weren't entirely expecting either.An okay choice for the money, but not the best.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	4	

<Author>HGWells
<Content>Central Plaza, not really. Don't be mislead by the addrerss, it is not central to anywhere and 20 mins at least to get anywhere in town.Hotel itself very nice, modern, good food very nice staff.Heating and lighting could be better.Took tours by Grayline, excellent.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>FrequentTraveller7
<Content>Stay here! Fantastic Staff! Absolutely FabulousWe have just returned home to Australia after staying at this hotel for 9 days. Before we left my friend, a frequent traveller to Beijing, suggested staying at a hotel much closer to the subway and more central (3 star) to avoid taxi fares but upon reading trip advisor about a man named Storm from the Holiday Inn Central Plaza, I was drawn to staying at this hotel, rather than my friend's suggestion. I am so glad I did! From the minute I introduced myself to Storm Glis Li, (Golden key Service as it says on his business card)everything was a breeze. My husband and I had never been to Beijing and I was actually meeting up with my husband here, after he had been away from home on a business trip for some months. Of the many countries he had just travelled through (U.S.A., U.K., Japan), throughout the world, he commented that this was the best personal service he had encountered. Storm went out of his way to help you plan your stay, whatever your preference. I didn't know the language but this was no barrier with the maps and cards that were written in english and translated into chinese provided by Storm. Mary, the concierge lady dressed in red, was also great and would tell the taxi drivers in chinese where we wanted to go. When we were out and wanted to return to the hotel, all we had to do was point to where we wanted to go on our maps and show the taxi driver. Before we got into a taxi we would always show them the map to make sure they knew the hotel, as being a newer hotel, some drivers were unsure of it's location, even after showing them the map. But in all we only had one driver say he had no idea of where the hotel was and not want the fare, most would ask other taxi drivers if they were unsure. I would suggest never taking a taxi from any of the drivers that approach you, saying taxi, meter, especially outside popular spots such as the markets(Silk/Pearl etc). All you need to do is walk a little down the road and hail one yourself, there are an abundance of them! Once in the taxi make sure they turn on the meter, which is usually done by switching a lever under their rear view mirror. Once the taxi meter shows the starting fare, 10.00 yuan, your right. The maps Storm gave us also tell you the rough cost of a taxi fare from the hotel to popular spots, so you know roughly how much it should cost. Storm also took us to his very special Peking Duck restaurant in a very old style neighbourhood where many dignatories have visited, he arranged a personal driver to take us to the Great Wall, where it wasn't too busy, he took us to a fantastic dumplings restaurant and invited us to have traditional noodles with him. He took us running with him through the Temple of Heaven Grounds(very early)and we watched the elderly there doing their exercises and writings. He showed us how to take the subway and buses too and helped us arrange to get a massage. We were also after a particular item to buy in china and he went out of his way to reseach the availablilty and shipping cost. In all, Storm and all the staff were wonderful at this hotel and a special mention must be made of Roger Wang, the Front Office manager. He was away on training for some of our stay, but was very helpful. I plan to return to China and although Holiday Inn is a little further away than some of the other hotels, the service and amenities there far outweigh the others and I will return there. Taxi's are cheap anyway, for the two of us, most of the time it was about $5 (australian dollars) to go the markets etc. The hotel room was wonderful, clean, lots of free bottled water each day, the pool was nice, the breakfasts were the best and kept us going all day and the bar/coffee lounges areas great too.This hotel was fabulous and Storm, What more can I say- he made our stay, he was awesome!!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MinneapolisTourist
<Content>Best concierge we have met in Europe, Asia or USA! This is a lovely hotel only three years old. Rooms are nice, service is excellent. However Storm, the concierge, is the reason to stay here. He helped us decide which Beijing sights are worthwhile and how to get there and back. He helped us decide where to eat, what to eat (dumplings!), and how to get there and back. He hired a wonderful driver to take us to the Great Wall. He hired a rickshaw driver to pick us up at our hotel and take us on a 3.5 tour of the back alleys and historical center of old Beijing (this was my favorite experience in Beijing and is not available at most other hotels). He taught us how to navigate the subways, buses, taxis and negotiations necessary when shopping. Our package included breakfast on the executive floor or in the Salt and Pepper restaurant. I would recommend breakfast in the Salt and Pepper restaurant because Storm circulates there every morning to help tourists plan their day.We have found touring in Asia to be much more challenging than doing so in Europe but Storm was wonderful in helping us explore Beijing. We chose this hotel because of other Trip Advisor reviews and made a point to meet Storm our first day there. We are very grateful to Storm and only hope the General Manager appreciates him!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hxdirect
<Content>You won't be disappointed We have just returned from a holiday in China and choose this hotel for our time in Beijing based on the reviews it received on this website.We booked an Executive room through the hotels own website from 5/11/06 to 10/11/06 and again for 17/11/2006 and we weren't disappointed. On our second visit we were upgraded to an Executive suite which was delightful and unexpected.From the moment we arrived by taxi we were treated fantastically. All the staff from were very welcoming and took the utmost care to ensure we had an enjoyable stay. At check-in and check-out there was certainly no feeling of being processed. We never got to meet the concierge Storm whom other reviewers recommended but Jason and Tony couldn't have been more helpfull when arranging our trip to the Great Wall. We only eat the buffet breakfast at the hotel so can't comment on the food at lunch and dinner time but if the breakfast is anything to go by food at other times would be off a very high standard.As previous reviwers have pointed out the hotel is a little on the outskirts of the vast metropolis that is Beijing but armed with Chinese directions and a map which the hotel sent us before we left home we had no difficulty getting to the hotel.The only problem we had was once when a taxi driver decided that he would take advantage us being foreign tourists and take us on a scenic detour around the outer ring system from Tainanmen Square back to our hotel and tried to charge us 70 Yuan. However he hadn't reconned on 3 things: 1. Us having previously been made aware of the normal price via this website2. Our daughter who speaks Chinese as she is living  studying in Beijing University3. Mary the hotel staff member who greets guests who arrive at the hotel. You should have seen her talking to the taxi driver.All in all I couldn't rate this hotel highly enough. I've seen it advertised as both a 3* and 4* hotel and would say that 4* is more accurate. So if you are thinking of staying in Beijing please consider this hotel as gives very good value for money even taking into consideration the nominal price of the taxi's.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Worldglobetrotters
<Content>Excellent Hotel Chose this hotel after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor and am so glad we did. What a fabulous place with excellent service. Large room, good size bathroom with everything you could wish for to hand. We chose a club room which included breakfast and the use of club facilities on the 16th floor. All drinks were included including alcohol, canapes, complimentary use of internet (be aware that they charge 5RMB for each print and there is no sign telling you this). The public areas are superb and the location is good too. If you turn right out of the hotel and walk towards KFC, turn right - the bus terminus is on your right. You need the number 10 which takes you to Tiananmen Square and the Forbidden City. The cost is 1RMB and you pay on the bus - journey time around 40 minutes. It is a very safe area to walk around with a lovely garden at the very end of the road on the left (past KFC). You will be offered lots of packs of postcards around Beijing the price you should pay is 5RMB. Insist taxi drivers use the meter  only use the 2 tone gold taxis. Best price for hotel is on their own website.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>navigator
<Content>Outstanding hotel and staff We picked this hotel due to the excellent feedback on TA and it turned out to be better than suggested.We chose to upgrade our rooms to the delux rooms which are only approx 拢10 more per night but well worth it.Doing this gives you access to the executive lounge on the 16th floor which is a quiet relaxing area away from the hustle and bustle of the main area's within the hotel. You can obtain free coffee and tea, light snacks, breakfast and internet.The staff are excellent and friendly in the the lounge and there is always a smile from Cherry the manageress.The hotel is spotless and rooms are serviced twice a day, the second is a turn down service where they leave the next days weather and restock the bathroom.Jen's Gossen the customer relations manager is excellent at his job and would always speak when passing and made our trip special whilst we were there.The hotel has 2 restaurants, the Salt  pepper which serves an A le carte munu and also a buffet which caters for all tastes and nationalities. You would find it difficult not to find something to eat here. The other restaurant is the ZEN restaurant located at the back of the hotel.It is open 6pm-10pm and only caters for chinese food but it is an excellent restaurant with first class service.The bar in the hotel, the See Thru bar is relaxing with a resident singer Mon-Fri and pianist. again I cannot fault any of the staff in this hotel or the service.We stayed 20th Oct-26th Oct then 30th Oct- 5 Nov. 14 days total and we had a superb stay.Be aware though, the taxi's outside the hotel will charge you big bucks and some will say there meter is not working. Mary is the girl on the door of the hotel. Get her to make sure the meter is on and tell her where you want to go and she will tell the driver. 10 Yuan should be the starting price on the meter. It should be about 20 yuan to Tiananmen square and no more than 40-50 yuan to some of the bigger sites.I cannot say rate this hotel enough and when I return to Beijing this will be the first place I go.For those who want a bit of excitment, try the Joy bar in the basement. Only the middle lift in the hotel will take you there. Enjoy.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>redlands
<Content>run, don't walk, to the Holiday Inn Central Plaza We selected the Holiday Inn Central Plaza in spite of the off the beaten path location because of the number one rating at tripadvisor.com. It turned out to be a a very wise decision as this is an outstanding hotel. The location was never a problem. Taxis were available around the clock at the front door of the hotel. A taxi to Tiananmen square was only 20 Yuan, about $2.50 USD, and took very little time. Taxis from the hotel to more distant locations such as Behai Park, the Lama Temple, and the Summer Palace typically cost between 25 and 55 Yuan. A taxi from the airport cost us 111 Yuan and to the airport was 160 Yuan.Another review at tripadvisor.com gave us the idea to come prepared with a photo of the hotel from this website and also a map and Mandarin language directions from the airport to the hotel that we copied off of the hotel's own website. This assured smooth sailing in the taxi from the airport to the hotel. The business card of the hotel that has instructions for taxi drivers has an even better map that worked well for our many taxi rides after arrival.We reserved the hotel through the Holiday Inn website in the United States. We had a printout of the reservation for two standard rooms with a confirmation number and credit card guarantee. For some unexplained reason, the hotel's record only showed a reservation for one room and there were no additional standard rooms available. Fortunately, the well trained and eager to please front desk staff offered us a two bedroom two bath suite. The suite was comfortable, quiet, and spacious.The hotel is very well organized and the operation is run efficiently with meticulous attention to guest services. For example, when the housekeeper did not understand something that we requested she went right over to the phone, dialed a number, and handed the phone to us. A fluent English speaker then listened to our request and informed the housekeeper. The hotel's Salt  Pepper Restaurant offers excellent and moderately priced buffet breakfasts and dinners that we thoroughly enjoyed.The swimming pool temperature was appropriately warm and the pool was clean.The public areas of the hotel are bright, airy, and modern. Every single person on the staff that we encountered was competent and friendly.When I return to Beijing in the future I will be sure to stay at this remarkable hotel. If you decide to stay here I am confident that you will find it to be a comfortable oasis in a bustling city.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bshort4
<Content>You'll like this hotel My son and I stayed at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza for three nights the first week in October on recommendations from others on this board who had stayed there. Great hotel---great food---great service---and don't believe people who say the hotel is far out of the way from everything in Beijing---it's not. From the Forbidden City to the Summer Palace to the Temple of Heaven a taxi ride was never more than 20 minutes and a couple of dollars. We never had a problem with a taxi refusing to take us back to the hotel from anywhere in Beijing. The hotel gave us a card with directions in Chinese and we never had a problem. We stayed in an Executive Suite and enjoyed the amenities of the Executive lounge, free breakfast, free internet in the room and you could take 6 sodas or waters from the rooms mini-bar each day without charge. The beds were SOFT and bathrooms were nice. If you've ever stayed in other hotels in China you will appreciate the soft beds. If you wish do eat breakfast at the hotel and it is not included in our room price it will cost you about $11 American. The breakfast is great for everything you could imagine eating in the states---very nice---Chinese food also if you prefer. I used the electrical converter in my room for my battery charger for my AA batteries and I plugged it into the wrong outlet and blew the charger and asked the hotel to let me know which plug to use and when they found out I had blown out the charger they went out and bought me a new one without my asking----I felt bad about that---entirely my fault. When I checked out there were some charges for phone calls on my bill and charges for the mini bar that were not mine and when I said they were wrong they immediately took them off the bill. I will definitely stay in this hotel again when I return to Beijing again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jdbro
<Content>Great service I have stayed in this hotel for more than sixty nights during this year, mainly for business. I have been very pleased with the hospitality and courtesy of the hotel employees. Many of the tourists that I have spoke to at the hotel have also been very impressed with hotel and its stafff. The staff have made me feel at home while I am in China. Almost all of the staff speak english. In particular, I would like to thank the Hospitality Manager, Storm Glis Li for his assistance. Storm has been invaluable to us. He is very dedicated and willing to help us out in any way he can. Once again, many others have a very positive experience and have thanked Storm for all of his help.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>dagobert
<Content>wonderful hotel we have been 2 nights in october in this hotel and got a room in the bizz floor. the room was very clean and comfortable. we booked over the holiday-inn webside and payed approx. 95 US-$ for one night.the staff is very helpful and friendly. the breakfast buffet ( included in this rate ) is really excellent.we have been coming to beijing by train from shanghai.the taxi drive from the train station to the hotel takes 40 minutes and cost you approx. 3 US-$.because there is no city-center in beijing it doesn麓t matter that you are not so close to the forbidden city or tianamen place. a taxi ride is mostly 30 minutes to all important tourist attractions, but be sure that you are in the second ring.when you want to arrange a tour to the great wall by youself ( strictly recommended ) then ask the guest relation managers in the hotel, mister storm or mister gossen. they will arrange a private trip for you. i recommend a trip to mutianyu because there are not so many people as in badaling.dont leave your hotel with the adress-card written in chinese !!!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Claude-George
<Content>Just excellent! I chose the Central Plaza on the basis of previous reviews and was not disappointed. It is an excellent place to stay for holidays. It proved worth to accept the offered upgrading to the Executive Club Level (150 yuans per day) which included taxes, an excellent breakfast buffet, full internet access, drinks and evening snacks in a quiet and cosy lounge at the 16th floor.As pointed out by several other reviewers, the location of the hotel is not central but it is not a problem: bus 10 is around the corner and brings you directly to the Tien-anmen Square and the Forbidden City as well as several underground stations. By the way, using public transportation means is fun, cheap, safe and provides a good opportunity to watch - and sometimes meet - local people. I can only recommend it.Mr Storm, the loyalty manager, is a jewel. Do not hesitate to contact him as he endeavors to make you feel happy during your stay. He greatly contributed to my full satisfaction with an 11-day holiday in Beijing.Some travelers seem to encounter difficulties at Capital Airport with taxi drivers not knowing the hotel and its location. I printed beforehand a large copy of a picture of the hotel posted in the section Candid traveler photos: it mentions its full name in the Chinese writing. It really helped reaching the hotel without difficulty.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Worf
<Content>Loved it! This hotel was fabulous!Upon check-in, we were told that the deluxe, non-smoking room that I had reserved was not available and that we would be upgraded to an executive room at no extra charge.The room was large and very beautifully decorated. The king size bed was very comfortable and came with a down comforter. The white marble bathroom was absolutely gorgeous, with both a tub and a shower in a glass enclosure. There was also a sitting area and a desk with free internet access for the first 24 hours.Breakfast at the Executive Lounge was included in the very reasonable price of the room and was excellent. On the main level are 2 restaurants: a more Western restaurant and a Chinese restaurant. Both were excellent, although a little more expensive than we had paid anywhere else in Beijing.Contrary to its name, the hotel is not really central and although taxis are really cheap in Beijing, some drivers had a hard time finding it; some even refused to take us there (this can be explained by the fact that the hotel is only 2 years old).But none of these little inconveniences mattered when looking at the bigger picture. This hotel is fabulous; I would definitely stay there again and again and I would certainly recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JenniferPhoenix
<Content>A Gem of a Place - Excellent Service! We recently stayed at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza for three nights. The stay was for our first nights in China and a wonderful place to refresh after the long flight from the States.The hotel is new and clean - and the service is wonderful. We recevied the best advise of our trip to China from Jens - one of the Hotel Managers. He was most patient and informative in answering all of our questions.I would strongly recommend this hotel to everyone looking for a nice quiet and clean place to stay. We did not find the location all that difficult, as it was a 10 RMB taxi ride to the Metro - which gets you just about everywhere in Beijing anyway! Also, the breakfast is FABULOUS and worth getting included in your room rate. We booked the hotel through the Holiday Inn web-site and got breakfast for two for only 40 RMB additional in the room rate.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ashley26
<Content>Fantastic Service This hotel is a great deal for the money - it'd be even better if you get breakfast included in that rate. However, the location of the hotel is not superb and a cab ride will cost you between 30-50RMB. The official website indicates that there is a complimentary area service shuttle and a complimentary subway station shuttle - this is not accurate and quite deceiving. Bus No. 10 is 3min walking, but then you have to transfer and buses have a tendency to eat up time. But if you stay at the more centrally located Holiday Inns (either Lido or Crowne Plaza), then you're paying twice as much for a room plus cab fares. Therefore, even with not-so-great location your cab expenses from location to hotel should only be about $10-12USD a day and going anywhere in Beijing will take at least 20minutes.And there's no way the other branches can beat the service.Make contacting Mr. Storm a must-do. He goes above and beyond and definitely has a can-do attitude. He treats you with the utmost respect and even checks in with you at the end of the days he arranged for you. He arranged a driver to take me to Jinshanling/Simatai Great Wall, so I paid less for the excursion and wasn't on a tour guide's schedule. And it was the same driver to take me to the acrobat show (also arranged by Mr. Storm) and to the airport. Mr. Storm is genuinely concerned about his guest's experience in Beijing and does everything in his power to make sure it's a positive one.A great place for the value.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Aafia
<Content>Total satisfaction We booked an executive king room for my husband and me and a double for our son and friend. We were completing satisfied with everything this hotel had to offer.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travel1235
<Content>Great Place I stayed here at the beginning of July as part of a tour. The hotel was excellent. The biggest down-side to this hotel was that while it is called Central Plaza it is hardly central in Beijing. I was on a tour though and this wasn't really a problem. The area around the hotel was actually interesting and somewhat different compared to what I would have experienced had I stayed in downtown. The rooms are big, the breakfast buffet was great, and the pool also was big and excellent. I would encourage others to stay here.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AJME
<Content>Great experience I spent two nights at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza in July 2006 and I must confess that I was surprised that a hotel with those prices could be ranked #1 in Tripadvisor, but it certainly deserves it.The hotel was clean and modern, the staff was friendly and most of them spoke English. Besides, there was a reasonably-priced Chinese restaurant with excellent service on the ground floor (I didn't try the other restaurant).The only possible drawback is location, which is not a big issue if you travel on leisure, since taxis in Beijing are very cheap (aprox. 24 RMB to Tiananmen Square).  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ji_Denmark
<Content>Neat hotel, fantastic value Stayed at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza for 12 nights with my eight year old daughter. The location is called Central Plaza regardless of the fact that it is not centrally placed in Beijing. Holiday Inn has a couple of other hotels in Beijing, one of them named Downtown Beijing. Likewise, this hotel is not anywhere near downtown.Anyway, we both absolutely loved the place.Rooms are large and comfortable (bath tub, work desk, laptop sized safe, minibar). The hotel has attractive fitness, pool and restaurant facilities. The staff is fantastic. They are friendly, helpful and genuinely fond of kids.We had no problems with the location. Yes, you do have to jump into a cab to get anywhere, but within ringroad 2 I never paid more than 40 yang (app US$4) a ride. And even if you did stay in the very town center, I would still expect that you would need taxis to go to the sights.The local neighborhood is very nice. It has no real tourist attractions but it has a lot of character, including it's own hutong almost opposite the hotel. There are a couple of good local chinese restaurants nearby, a couple of good supermarkets and - if you must - a KFC. Pool and fitness are free, but unfortunately you will have to pay app. US$6/d for broadband in your room. Free hotspot is in the lobby.You will not regret staying in this hotel. For reasons I can not understand they are selling the rooms at rates close to US$75- which in my view is absolutely unbeatable.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gaffgolf
<Content>Outstanding Service!! Outstanding Beijing Bargain!! We vacationed in Beijing during the first week of April and had selected the Central Plaza based on Tripadvisor reviews and other sources. The entire stay exceeded our expectations due mainly to the friendly and helpful hotel staff. Room rates were surprisingly low for a new Holiday Inn opened in 2005-most probably due to its more remote location in southwest Beijing. I will confirm what others have noted that the hotel desk provides map cards for taxi drivers unfamiliar with the hotel location. Our various drivers had no problem locating the hotel and it only adds about US$5-6 roundtrip taxifare to get to the Central tourist and shopping areas. This is substantially less than the higher room rates in the Central area. If available, suggest upgrading room to include buffet breakfast, wi-fi internet and happy hour cocktails available in the business lounge on the 13th floor. At the time, this was an additional $10 per nite. The buffet breakfast, served in the Salt and Pepper restaurant on the main floor, is superb offering a large selection of Asian and American breakfast choices.Above the cost savings, the friendly service provided by the hotel staff was exceptional.My wife needed medical attention and staff member Sally Wu was very supportive acting as interpreter with the Chinese doctors and nurses at the local hospital. She was also very attentive and reassuring to my wife.In summary, a new hotel with American-size rooms comparatively underpriced , exceptional service from a friendly staff and excellent amenities currently makes the Central Plaza a hidden gem in Beijing! We plan on returning!!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An outstanding hotel We are pleased to say that our recent stay at the Holiday Inn Central Plaza was most pleasurable. We stayed for roughly two weeks in late May with several rooms on the executive floor. The accommadation, service, dining and staff are all first class. The personal touch of Mr. Storm went above and beyond our expectations. We agree with Ronvoyage's comment that the location posed no inconvenience. We have no hesitation and strongly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sfguysf
<Content>Great hotel, but location means that I will not return Like other reviews of this hotel, I think the Holiday Inn Central Plaza is terrific. Great service, great rooms, soft towels, good restaurants, great buffet. In fact, the breakfast buffet gave an American, a Chinese and a finicky 5-year-old great choices.But the location was just unacceptable for a pleasure trip. * It takes 20-40 minutes (with traffic) to get to and from places* Had 5 taxi drivers (in 5 days) refuse to take us to the hotel* Had 2 taxi drivers get lostThere was simply too much stress and time related in the travel to/from the hotel. Now if they could only move the hotel 15km to the northeast....  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>3	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chris036
<Content>It's hard to find...but even harder to beat       Nice size bathroom  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>seasonedtraveler41
<Content>Great choice We selected this hotel based on your other TRIPADVISOR ratings and were not at all disappointed. The furnishings, buffet breatfast were all superior. The hotel location is not as convenient as some of the other hotels, but that was not a problem. The buffet breakfast was excellant, but on our final morning there when we went down at 7 am we were surprised they hadn't yet put out have of the items, even though the buffet starts at 6 am. The other mornings we went down at 8 am and had no problems. THe buffet breakfast was one of the best we have had anywhere. The non-smoking room didn't smell of smoke at all when we checked in, but during 2 nights of the 4 night stay we were awakened in the middle of the night by the smell of smoke probably coming in from the bathroom vent or under the door from another room.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Made our trip to Beijing a trouble free, amazing time! Just like everyone else, we booked it because of the reviews, and even with all the high expectations I had it was still great. I read another review about it being far away from everything, which is true, but taxis are so cheap who cares. And make sure you have the map when you arrive at the airport, and everytime you go out. Still, some taxi drivers dont know where it is and wont take you there. Keep trying, someone will. Get the buffet in the resturant. We would eat like one huge meal a day, and one small meal later. I wasnt really too into authentic Chinese food. Peking Duck is ok... Da Dongs is a good place. The manager Storm was really helpful in arranging our Great Wall trip, since we wanted to go to multiple sites. All in all, one of my favorite hotels ever... I will stay there anytime I go back to Beijing.pj  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sigean
<Content>Excellent hotel at amazingly low price   showReview(4456389, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>SImply the best!!!   showReview(4364749, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yvr1
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(4352087, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Affordable, clean, and perfect!   showReview(4220013, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>poleposition
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(4125926, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chendol
<Content>Modern and fantastic   showReview(4122926, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kento-san
<Content>Great Place   showReview(4018672, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wrigaj1
<Content>Excellent Hotel   showReview(3940734, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GemL_K
<Content>Absolutely amazing hotel!       Bedroom  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Holiday Inn! Really!   showReview(2441908, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Packmichein
<Content>Wunderbares Hotel mit gigantisch tollen Betten und B眉ffets       Doppelzimmer  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>marcus_p
<Content>Das HI Central Plaza wurde dem Lob leider nicht gerecht.   showReview(10224815, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	4	3	4	

<Author>espa
<Content>excelente       ba帽o  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>琛椼伄瑗垮伌銇柊銇椼亜銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19160803, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娈点€呫偟銉笺儞銈广亴鑹亸銇仯銇︺亜銇俱仚   showReview(19160731, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19160726, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

