<Author>Londoner27
<Content>Great hotel, good location Stayed here for a couple of nights and would happily return. Location in the Marais is excellent: couple of Metro stops nearby and not too far to walk to some small restaurants and bars. It's a charming building, with a little courtyard that you walk through to get to most of the rooms.The room was not particularly big but clean and well appointed. The bathroom was huge.Didn't try the breakfast so can't comment on that.Reception staff were generally helpful and efficient.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Magnus_Solna
<Content>nice enough hotel, but more of a 3-star stayed 3 nights last weekend in November with my wife and daughter. We had room 26, second floor, overlooking Rue de la Verriere. Nice enough rooms with a big double bed, table and 2 chairs. Room was not big, but I guess that麓s Paris for you... Nice, clean and aircond working fine...Bathrooms was nice and newly renovated, but shower curtain i bit small so floor got wet if you didn麓t pull the curtain very close to the wall...We didnt have breakfast in hotel so I can麓t say anything about it, but I can recommend the ecological cafe a little bit further up Rue de Archives... very good breakfast with fresh rye bred, eggs, tea, marmelade... ham and cheese extra, but also very fresh... we tried other cafe麓s also, but this had the best value...I would recommend this hotel if you get a good rate, otherwise it麓s a bit too expensive for the quality you get... location is very nice, close to metro, close to central Marais and close to GPC..Staff was very nice and helpful also, so overall good place, but more ordinary 3-star than a 4-star...  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>RonelR
<Content>Lovely room with great view I stayed at the Villa Mazarin for one night only in October, my last night in Paris, after staying in the Latin Quarter for four nights prior to a trip to Reims. As a woman travelling alone, I was pleasantly surprised by the size of the room (No.57, I think) on the 5th floor. It was very spacious, with a mini-bar, sizeable bathroom, huge cupboard and, best of all, a balcony overlooking the Hotel de Ville and, further along, Notre Dame and the Pantheon across the river. Two big French doors lent access to the balcony. I enjoyed a small bottle of Mercier champagne and some French cheese here after a long day doing last-minute shopping for my husband and family back home. Pure bliss. The terrycloth robes laid out at the foot of the bed were lovely. I paid a special rate of about 165 euros, so expected to be tucked away in a dark corner somewhere -- what a delight that the opposite was true! The area around the hotel is lively and brimful of restaurants and shops. I loved the Mazarin, but all in all I prefer the Latin Quarter (try the Hotel St Jacques on Rue des Ecoles!) to stay in when in Paris. I ate at a little restaurant on the sqaure around the corner De Fou en Face [sic], which was lovely, with a great wine list. If there's a special on next time I get to Paris, I will definitely stay at the Mazarin again.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Wine_Merchant
<Content>Another 5 Stars for Villa Mazarin This is my third stay at this wonderful small hotel in one of the finest locations in Paris. Each time we have enjoyed a warm welcome, courteous and helpful service and a well appointed room at a reasonable price. We stayed in the lowest priced rooms (last time I was in a higher grade room) but did not feel any sense of deprivation. The bathrooms are large by Paris standards and the furnishings are compact and comfortable. The wall TV saves quite a bit of space. Yes there is noise but this is Paris! Others have gone into the features of the hotel so there is little point in repeating information about the location and ammenities.All are top notch. The staff have always been a highlight of this hotel. Tomas is especially solicitious, but, they all are. Having lived in Paris and then returning several times a year for the last 20 I cannot imagine staying anywhere else. Villa Mazarin is home. Thanks to all of you who have made it so.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>two_on_vacation
<Content>You will not be let down... My partner and I stayed here before, in 2006 and we had such a good experience that we decided to stay again at the same hotel. We were happy with both stays, then and now. First off the place is clean and kept up. Properties can get a bit worn (this is to be expected with high usage), but Villa Mazarin does keep it up. We should know, since we had stayed here 2 years ago (then vs now). The staff is pleasant and friendly, but remember, the French are a bit reserved (nothing bad about that at all !). But as a guest, they are forward with their help (as they should be) and courteous . I want to mention front desk (a manager, I think) Thomas Silva for his communication via email and again during our stay. Also was another shift manager (tall gentleman) who helped us with our TV when we noticed the cable connector was broken. (Which by the way was fixed in minutes!). Remember what I said about high usage! Stuff happens, they fixed it, kudos to them! For the area the hotel is located in, for us, was perfect. If you know about the Marias district in Paris, you are in the middle of it. Notre Dame is walking distance and so is the George Pompido center with the art work in pond (google it, very cool for pictures!). Avoid eating at the cafe overlooking George Pompido square, 75$ for 2 ham/cheese sandwiches and 2 beers!Speaking of eating, Thomas Silva had a great recommendation for a quality French restaurant that was only 3 blocks away. Of course we found others in the Marias on our own too. All were good! I would stay there again in a heart beat!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>CarleeP
<Content>Best find ever! We are currently staying at this hotel sitting in our spacious room using the free WiFi! Our room overlooks the trendy cafes in this area and although it is a very busy street the soundproofing is excellent. We were impressed that the rooms look exactly like they do in the hotel photos. The room is exceptionally clean including the bathroom.The staff are fantastic and cannot do enough for you. The hotel is close to the Hotel de Ville tube and Notre Dame a short walk away. We wouldn't stay anywhere else in Paris!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Beancounter27
<Content>Great value in the heart of Paris My wife and I wanted one night in Paris en route to our eventual destination in the French Alps. Our son was working in Paris and we had arranged to meet him for dinner near the Hotel de Ville so we needed a comfortable but affordable base for the night. Using TripAdvisor we found Villa Mazarin and it exceeded our expectations - yes, the room was small, but what do you expect in the centre of a major city at that price. More importantly the room was comfortable with a US style king-sized bed and it was quiet. Service was friendly and the breakfast, served in your room, was enormous which gave us a great start to our next day of travelling.Only niggle was that we couldn't find anyone to check us out so as we had prepaid we simply left our key in reception and departed!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>SalmaY
<Content>Great Location I stayed at the Villa Mazarin with my 20 year old son Aug 11-13. I found the booking through laterooms and got a good rate for what was listed as a 4star hotel (EU120 pd).I agree totally with the Tripadvisor reviewer TessaCrause  from Australia, about the hotel. I also did not add any pictures, because the ones already on Trip advisor are quite reflective of what the hotel is like. It is very pleasant and clean, but I would rate it more as a 3 star rather than a 4 star. The location, though, is great. It is steps away from the Hotel de Ville metro, and has a Paris Velo station right infront of the door! These are great idea: basically, you can see Paris on a bicycle, which is what we did (I am definitely NOT an active type, but I enjoyed it a lot), while getting plenty of exercise. These stations are located all over the city, and it is free for the first half an hour of each rental. After that is costs 1E for the next half an hour, and so on. You can just pick up and leave the bicycles at any of the many many stations. Check out : www.velib.paris.fr if you are interested. We saw most of Paris using these bikes, and got to the Musee d'Orsay, the Eiffel Tower and Montparnasse on them quite easily.As for the hotel, the rooms are spacious and clean, but the bathroom is dark and the shower curtain does very little to contain the water from the shower head. The staff are helpful and pleasant, but the lobby is pokey and unimpressive. One thing I would definitely recommend is the breakfast at the hotel.. really good value, and a great variety of items delivered to your room. We had breakfast in cafes outside for the first two days, but at the hotel for the last day, and paid almost the same. However, the hotel breakfast is definitely the better value and quality (and you don't get the surly and dismissive glare from the cafe's waiters, to boot!!). If you go out for breakfast, do not use the cafe right underneath the hotel.. over-priced and the coffee was lousy.There are many cafes and restaurants around the hotel, but one we particularly enjoyed was Les Philosophes which is in a side street a couple of streets behind the hotel (28 Rue Vieille du Temple ). We paid EU 27 a head for a three course excellent dinner. Considering that you can pay that for a much worse meal, we were happy (and incidentally, this was the ONLY place that we got service with a smile from very nice waiters). Also, most of the diners there were locals, which is always a good sign!One last thing I would like to mention is the shuttle service from/to the airport. A taxi can cost you upwards of EU 60.- each way. The shuttle service cost us EU 31 (for two people) and was extremely efficient - You ahve to make sure that they get the address correctly. [-], or www.parisairportservice.com - so you pay half of what you would pay for a taxi, but still get the convenience of not lugging luggage around the metro/trains. A train/metro ticket from Charles De GAul costs about EU 12 per person, so if you are more than one person, it is as cheap to get the shuttle.This is the service we used, but my book also mentions another one (www.parisshuttle.com - [-]. If you are going to use the metro, buy a carnet which gives you 10 tickets in a pack that you can use. It is much more convenient.Ofcourse, different people have different requirements and/or expectations, but if one gets a good rate at the Villa Mazarin, it would be a very adequate, clean and pleasant place to stay (if not luxurious). For us, I felt we goot good value by Paris standards.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>AASEdinburgh
<Content>Great Paris hotel - great location When staying Paris, you expect a small pokey room, but you don't really mind, because you're in Paris! However, this wasn't the case at the Hotel Villa Mazarin. We had a nice spacious room, that was spotlessly clean. Reception were helpful, and made allowances for my broken French. The hotel was located a short stroll away from Notre Dame and within close vicinity of metro stations and the river transportation network, both of which made for easy movement around the city. Would highly recommend this hotel and it is an excellent base for exploring Paris.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TessaCrause
<Content>Good value, helpful staff, spacious My 18 year old daughter and I stayed here for 10 nights in July 08. Overall, good hotel by Parisian standards. Herewith the pros and cons:Pros:* central location, just off Rue Rivoli very close to Hotel de ville in 4th Arr;* very spacious rooms with double bed, small dining table and chairs; desk, dresser; small kitchenette (no stove or microwave) with water, fridge, cubpoard space and bench space. OK bathroom.* young, dynamic staff on front desk who could speak English very well and were happy to assist in any way;* good breakfast for 12 Euros - fruit salad, yoghurt, bread, pastry, coffee with hot milk + juice of choice;* decor cute with different colours on each level - blue, green and top level red;* back rooms very quiet;* conclusion: would recommend at this price .... ask for room at the back on either level 2 or 3.Cons:* rooms need to be better maintained, especially the bathroom;* no packing space in the bathroom even though there was room for a small cupboard;* bathroom very dark, esp the shower which was over the bath;* curtains dirty in the room;* rooms at the front very would be very noise given the location; * rooms at the back overlook a very dilapidated courtyard and building opposite;* no reception room as such - just a desk and nowhere to sit;* entrance courtyard has artificial turf;* very busy part of town.... lot of bars on the street and noisy as the hotel is just opposite BHV and just 10 m from Rue Rivoli;  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	2	4	4	4	

<Author>Junkster
<Content>Fantastic! Found this hotel after search on the tripadvisor.com site and was certainly not disappointed. Great location just two streets from the Seine, one from the Town Hall and in the vibrant Marais area. The superior room was very spacious particularly for Paris. Our room was a corner one overlooking the Marais area. Each level of the hotel is decorated in a different colour and is very tasteful.Continental breakfast is usually in addition to the room rate and was exceptional. The breakfast room was closed at the time but was delivered to the room and it was huge! We didn't come close to finishing it. Our friend checked-in at the same time and they threw in breakfast free for him and we had in together in our room as it was more spacious. The smaller standard rooms are quite small but still comfortable.The service was superb and Loric at reception was extremely helpful and humorous. We appreciated his assistance greatly.The hotel is opposite BHV department store and a short walk to the Metro and 5 minutes to the Pompidou Centre.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Kreich
<Content>An Excellent Choice... We truly enjoyed our stay! The staff was excellent and the rooms were clean and well kept, though definitely not large by American standards. The hotel was in the most perfect spot amongs the bustling steets of the Marais district, and only a metro (subway) ride away from every main site. A disclaimer -- unless you like to walk or plan to take subways (like we did), or enjoy spending way too much money on cabs, you should know that the Marais area is a bit of distance from the Champs De Elysees, the Eiffel Tower, and many other classic Parisian attractions, though truly in a charming area of Paris that came highly recommended to me by a good friend who grew up in Paris. The concierge was also excellent. We spoke with one gentleman in particular at the front desk who helped guide our trip right down to the metro lines that we took to get there. He had a wonderful sense of what we were looking for and new the city extremely well. To say the least, the Villa Marais exceeded my expectations, and I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>sma912
<Content>Brilliant Superb stay. We couldn't have asked for more. The area was vibrant and lively, but the hotel was a nice escape from the hustle and bustle when desired. Breakfast delivered to our room was superb - just the right quantities of everything. Room very spacious for a Parisian hotel, very clean and extremely well furnished. Staff were extremely helpful and friendly. Everything about our stay in this hotel was perfect.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>j75fr
<Content>You feel at home - an exception in Paris - friendy staff- clean- really downtown- great breakfast in room for good price- nice and for Paris big rooms-.... a quality you dont find very often in Paris at least not for this price  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>RLJUk
<Content>C'est magnifique! OK that might be overdoing it a little, but we loved this hotel. A group of 12 of us booked it as it was in the Marais, with good reviews, fair prices and with a suite for socialising. The hotel reception is small and non-descript, but the rooms are stylish and clean. The duplex suite (number 56) is about the same size as many Parisienne apartments, and the standard rooms were all much more generous than other hotels in Paris I have stayed in.I loved the fact that you got proper hairdryers and irons with ironing boards in the room, and not those stupid things that are attached to the wall. The staff on reception were generally helpful and friendly, and put up with us very graciously, as there was much faffing around when we all arrived. There isn't much in the way of public areas in the hotel - bar, breakfast room etc (you can order breakfast to your room), but when you are in the Marais you don't need this. The location is excellent for bars and cafes, restaurants and most things you would want in Paris. Thank you to the team at Villa Mazarin for helping to make our weekend such a success.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Elizabethd
<Content>A delightful hotel Having tried many and various hotels for a weekend visit, we were offered a spacious room at the Villa Mazarin, slightly more than we really wished to pay, but didnt think we could do better in the time available. I spoke directly with the manager and found him extremely helpful.We were delighted with the accommodation, especially the fact that the room had tea and coffee making equipment, plus a fridge. Bedlinen was beautiful and the enormous towels were a delight. Everything was of very good quality. Staff were very helpful, calling taxis, recommending restaurants etc. We really couldnt fault it.Breakfast is best taken at the cafe below the hotel, friendly and good service, orange, coffee/tea, croissants, all for 6.95 euros. There is a huge choice of places to eat. We liked the nearby Coude Fou in the Bourg Tibourg, a buzzy little wine bar with good food.We would certainly go back to this relaxing and caring hotel.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>hobbesmanc
<Content>great location We got a discounted price and i think for the location and room size, we did ok. I wouldn't be happy with this place at full rates though so negotiate or try elsewhere.Plus points- right by the Hotel De Ville so handy for the metro and the area around Notre Dame.The Rue des Archives is one of the major thoroughfares through Le Marais, the city's prime gay area and although the hotel isn't marketed as a gay property, it is very handy for the clubs and bars- this means that street side rooms must get some noise.The hotel has very few facilities- no lobby or bar or breakfast etc but there are plenty of cafes around where a decent breakfast can be had for a few euros. Our room was very spacious with three full length windows overlooking a pretty courtyard. Bed was fab but the overall decor was a bit dated and shabby in places and the bathroom was really badly lit.This place does have a certain faded charm and it is really well situated for either sightseers or hardened clubbers who want to party in Le Marais. Just request a courtyard room and watch the room rate.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>ottoManchester
<Content>Great stay in the Marais Have just returned from a short stay in the Marais area. This is a fantastic area to stay in and the Villa Mazarin Hotel is perfectly situated a few blocks from the Pompidou Centre, just behind BHV. The hotel is unusual for Paris in that the rooms are spacious and bathrooms are large with baths as well as showers. Rooms were well spotlessly clean and well sound-proofed with very comfortable beds. Reception staff spoke excellent english and were very helpful and efficient. We would not hesitate to stay here again. We ate breakfast at the cafe next door - fantastic croissants and coffee for 6 euros. Lunch was also excellent value. For evening meals we recommend Pain, vin et fromage - Rue Geoffroy L'Angevin. Great Raclette! Fantastic service and really cheap. Bofinger - Rue de la Bastille is a 10 min walk. Great Brasserie atmosphere and good French cooking. The set menus are great value. Ice creams from Berthillon across Pnt Louis Philippe should not be missed on a nice day. Watching the sun set from the open air cafe on top of the Pompidou centre is another unforgetable experience. The Marias is such a great area to visit and stay - don't miss it if you are planning a trip to Paris!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>zagat
<Content>Great little hotel in the heart of the Marais My partner and I just returned from a great weekend in Paris. Villa Mazarin is in a great, bustling location - seemed close to everything we wanted to do, whether it was a trip to the Louvre, a stroll through the Marais, or a brief walk to the Metro to take you anywhere else. We requested a room facing the courtyard to ensure some peace and quiet, and it did make a difference. The rooms are quite large for Paris, and our bathroom was modern and up-to-date with a nice, big bathtub. And we loved having breakfast delivered to our room each morning. There is no real lobby area, as many on this board have noted, but really... who cares? The entry is perfectly pleasant, and the courtyard is lovely. I sort of loved the anonymity. Staff was pefectlty cordial. Perhaps one more light fixture would help though - the rooms, while very nice, are quite dark in the evening. Still we had a great time. And do have dinner nearby at Robert et Louise, and make a reservation at Aux Lyonnais - both restaurants are really great.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dfitz7
<Content>Beautiful Boutique Style Hotel My boyfriend booked this hotel as a surprise for my birthday, and what a surprise it was. Once you enter the small entrance this hotel is bursting with charm and elegance. Staff were very pleasent and even spoke in english when we made our best attempt at french! Room was beautiful, with a boutique style. Bathrooms were lovely too. Very clean and bed was out of ths world with comfort. Location was brilliant, central to everything, nightlife and tourist attractions. Can't wait to vist again. Made my first trip to Gay Paris a most memorable and enjoyable experience.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JMCANJ
<Content>One of the best kept Secrets in Paris       3RD FL ROOM  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>york8500
<Content>Great Hotel Good clean hotel in a great location and within easy walking distance of good restaurants and bars and many of the cultural delights of Paris.The hotel has a small entrance, but once you have found the street it really is not hard to find.The first impmression, the reception and staff was good. The reception was clean and the staff very friendly and helpful at all times. They made recommendations for places to eat that were resonable, and they booked the restaurants for us. I think it helps in Paris if you try a little bit of French, once they know you are making an effort they will help you out. The rooms were accessed via a courtyard that was clean and well presented. The communal areas were well laid out and not spartan. The room itself was smallish but then are not all Paris hotel rooms, but most importantly it was very clean, the bathroom was excellent, everything worked and worked well. The shower was great.The room we had overlooked the street but it was never noisey, i was never disturbedWe did not eat here, there are loads of cafes close by that have great breakfasts; one round the corner, Our Daily Bread - Pain Quotidien is organic and great. When we left they looked after our bags and allowed us back to use the bathrooms before we dashed for our train.Altogther a great experieince, we will go back.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Converted-lifestyler
<Content>Three and a half to four stars I booked this hotel online through the hotel website. Staff were really efficient and helpful at this point, as they were at check-in on arrival. As other reviews have noted, the location is great.The rooms were nice with very comfortable beds and a contemporary , well equipped bathroom. Our stay here was enjoyable but a couple of things marred it for us. One was the lack of hotel foyer and no internet access (yes, like the other reviewer we were told to go down the road and the internet cafe was a bit of a hike). The entrance reception was cramped, although it did open out into a nice courtyard, it wasn't particularly inviting place to sit in. During this visit to Paris we also stayed in another hotel in the 7th and it had a lovely foyer with internet access, comfy couches and European newspapers - and a little bar. So this was the comparison. A foyer can be a nice place to hang out!The other irritation was that the air-conditioning in our room didn't work, and it took a lot of persistence to get the problem fixed. We were eventually moved to another room, after repeated requests , and not until 1am when we were sweltering and the street noise below made open windows impossibe for sleeping.I think the slow response was due to the inexperience of the night staff, who kept saying he had to call the manager to OK the room swap when it became clear the air conditioning could not be easily fixed. Prior to this, we had been asked twice to leave the air-conditioning on for 20 minutes to ascertain whether or not it was broken! The night staff was very apologetic when we eventually moved.And finally, on checkout when I requested a taxi, I was told it wasn't worth calling one, that it would be quicker to haul my luggage around the corner to Rue Rivoli and flag one down. I found this unsatisfactory for a 4 star hotel and wondered whether or not the hotel had tried hard enough to broker arrangements with taxi companies?  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>Salooma
<Content>Mazarin - Very Highly Recommended Could not speak more highly of this hotel. Location - excellent. All the Reception staff were excellent, helpful and insisted on speaking English even when we tried to speak French! The room, though not too big, was of a very high standard, and though our room overlooked BHV (excellent department store, could spend hours there!) it was very quiet and we never heard any traffic or street noise. Can't understand anyone else's negative reviews, this place is perfect, and the area its in is so handy. Metro strike was on while we were there but we still saw loads of Paris and didn't feel remotely disadvantaged. Stay here, its everything you need.Jill  Andrew. Kerry, Ireland  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JH&PH
<Content>Charming, comfortable, convenient! We spent a delightful week at the Villa Mazarin in early October - my husband's first Parisian visit, and my first with a credit card! Location is perfect - including an easy walk to the RER and subway (we took the RER from the airport and walked to the hotel from Chatelet Les Halles). We loved the neighbourhood.We had requested a superior, quiet room and were given a spacious room overlooking the courtyard. We slept with open windows all week, and heard no noise other than high heels walking (echoing!) across the courtyard when someone came in, in the wee hours. We also happened to be there the night France won at rugby in the championships, when there was lots of revelling in the streets. My husband got up about 3 am to use the washroom and could faintly hear the noise in the streets while at the window by the bathroom - otherwise, we heard nothing.The room was quite pleasant. The king bed was perfectly comfortable. While generally the light in the room was low there were strong reading lights at the bed, and good lighting in the charming bath. The shower was surprisingly pleasant with decent water pressure and plenty of hot water. If pressed, our only complaint was a very few hangers in the very large closet.Yes, there is no lounge - but when you can sit in cafes in the neighbourhood soaking up the atmosphere, not sure why you'd need one. Yes, the entry is small, and there was some painting underway, but hardly an issue.We would not hesitate to recommend the hotel. We ate fabulous meals everywhere we went. Particularly enjoyed Les Philosophes - a small Bistro on Rue Vielle de Temple, a 10 minute stroll away - have the tarte tatin, an incredibly tasty tomato tarte appetizer. If you're at Musee D'Orsay, have lunch in the opulant dining room - both food and environs were magical! Thoroughly enjoyed Montmartre for an evening meal and a visit to the church at night, with views of the city. The evening river cruise was a bit kitschy, but gave a different view of the city.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>pfq
<Content>A dreadful experience Having just returned from eight days in wonderful Paris I feel compelled to-for the first time in my life as a seasoned traveller-write a review. Why, well sadly, this is not to sing the praises of this particular establishment but to warn other potential customers before of it's considerable shortcomings before they decide to part with their cash!On the positive side, location could not be faulted. VIlla Mazarin is located on Rue des Archives, right in the centre of the fashionable Marais district-our personal favourite. It is a short walk from Hotel de Ville metro and well conected with buses etc. However, we had specifically requested a quiet room but were placed in number 52, which overlooks BHV department store and was without doubt the noisiest room I have ever stayed in. with drunks, early morning road works, loud traffic tec.Ok, so not necessarily the hotel's fault but we did ask them in advance. As mentioned in other reviews there is no reception to speak of-just a narrow entrance area with a counter. From the time we arrived there were workmen, painters etc., present and working meaning you almost had to climb over them in the confined sapce to check in! Strangely a review from two months previously mentions this same issue. Service was initially polite. Upon entering our room-which was nicely decorated and reasonably well proprtioned by Paris standards-we checked the fridge and noticed a pungent smell. This would get worse day by day despite mentioning it to the receptionist. A soon as we had approached them with anything resembling a complaint, service immediately turned from warm to decidedly chilly. From here thingsdeteriorated rapidly. Each morning at ten am a maid would turn her key in our door in an attempt to enter -she would leave and not return. The result was that we came back to the hotel as late as 6pm to discover our room untouched. Finally my partner made a more forceful complaint about this ridiculous situation and was given a tempremental litany of woes about the quality of the cleaning staff from the stand-in Manager. This man was BEYOND rude and when my partner said he was unhappy with this he was asked would you like to leave the hotel?. The isssue with the unmade room went on for three days. No appology or proper explanation was offered just eye rolling and a please-don't-bother-me attitude. The piece de resistance was when I came back form a shopping trip and pulled the door the wrong way when being buzzed in. The manager admonished me for benig so noisy and asked me to please take care! I have never been spoken to in this way in any establishment in my life. Other issues included no tissues being left in the room even after we asked, The bathroom floor left sticky and dirty after apparently being cleaned and the maids insistens on leaving out several tampon disposal bags even though she was fully aware that two men were staying in the room. When we asked for information on booking a boat trip it was promised but never arrived and nor was a taxi we thought we had booked at reception. Additionally there is no Internet access (we were directed to an internet cafe down the street-lovely!) Being Irish we are reluctabt to complian by nature but this treatent was appaling. Villa Marazin is a supposed to be a four star hotel with prices much higher than others we have stayed in in the area. This is a real con. At over 200 euros per night it was nothing more than a rip off trading on location and completely ignoring the needs and comforts of it's customers. Please think carefully before deciding to saty here.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nharding1
<Content>lovely hotel We picked this hotel due to the location and going on previous reviews. We stayed in room 36 for 5 nights. The room was clean with a nice bathroom and well stocked with toiletries. The only minor complaint was that is was dark even with all the lights on.The hotel is well located for BHV the department store, the bustle of the Marais and the metro access. We enjoyed our stay and would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>GlobalNomadGlasgow
<Content>Marvellous Mazarin My boyfriend and I went to the Mazarin and thought it completely charming, romantic,staff great, breakfast delightful and the rooms - so cosy and well-decorated and tasteful! A real find and we would DEFINITELY go back! terrific location too for all transport, walking, shops, eating!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Racingvic
<Content>The place to stay in Paris = Hotel Villa Mazarin       More of  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>warmac
<Content>Nice little hotel in the heart of the Marais district My daughter and I stayed at Villa Mazarin for 7 days in early August. We had a Superior room on the second floor looking out on two streets. There was considerable street noise at night but not more than you would expect in the heart of the Marais district. With the windows closed it was fine. Very little noise from adjoining rooms. Our room was a good size and the hotel is non smoking.Our room as well as the halls and reception area was spotless, our beds were comfortable and the little kitchen area was perfect for early morning coffee and a place to store our wine.We found the staff friendly and helpful, some more than others but this could have been a language problem. The hotel is well situated for the Metro or walking to major attractions and close Notre Dame and the Louvre.Our experience was totally a positive one.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Hula_Hooper
<Content>Good-sized clean rooms but service could be improved We booked a standard room at the Villa Mazarin. We found it centrally located (we walked to most of the major tourist sites) and the rooms were decent sized and comfortable. What let it down somewhat for us was the service at the front desk - they were by no means rude, but made you feel like you were bothering them if you asked them any questions. If the service were more personable and efficient, then we would have had no complaints about the Mazarin.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>JoeyDB
<Content>Villa Mazarin (Big Ruby's Paris) We stayed in 3 of 4 Big Ruby's. The last one was in Paris. After being pickpocketed and spending 2.5 hrs in the police station we arrived to the hotel (villa mazarin) to find ourselves locked out. We banged for almost 10 minutes when the sleeping receptionist finally let us in. We explained that our id's, credit cards and cash had been stolen and we needed help contacting Amex, Visa, MC, and home. He refused and insisted we use directory assistance from our room. We tried, but assistance was only in french. We called down to reception and he hung up on us. I went down to reception where I explained we needed the numbers to the credit card companies because our cards were stolen. He replied THAT IS NOT MY PROBLEM, NOW LEAVE THIS DESK! I couldn't believe anyone would treat us this way during our dire need, especially our HOST! The treatment we received by this hotel was appaulling.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	1	

<Author>fionafromaustralia
<Content>Very happy with the VIlla Mazarin I stayed in this hotel for two nights in early September with my husband. This was our third trip to Paris and definitely the best area in which we have stayed. Le Marais is full of interesting galleries and boutiques and the hotel is in an excellent location only a short stroll from many cafes, bars and restaurants and not too many tourists in the area. The hotel is right across from a Metro stop and only a short stroll to Notre Dame on the other side of the river.I would describe the hotel as charming and traditional. We stayed in a standard room which was a godo size by Paris hotel standards. We enjoyed the tea and coffee making faciliites and the modern bathroom. As with an earliet review that I read I would agree that the only real downside to the room was that it was a bit dark due to some poor placement of lights. In particular the shower was a bit when the curtain was pulled across.The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. I think this is very good value for money and would recommend the hotel. I will definitely stay in Le Marais district when next in Paris and likely will come back to the VIlla Mazarin.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>IrelandKilkennycat
<Content>Loved the location but! Four of us stayed here in August for a weekend, one room looked on to the street and one on to a courtyard. The street side was slighlty noisy but nothing major. As others have stated decoration going on but nothing that you couldn't cope with. Location was perfect for the centre of Paris, walkable to metro stops and close to RER line to the airport. Very close to Notre Dame and Louvre and other attractions all within walking distance. Lack of breakfast wasn't too much of an issue, kettle and mini sink unit provided facilities to have a cup of coffee before setting out. The one slight problem we had had was with the plumbing in a lovely bathroom. the sink was leaking and was fixed immediately. the second room had a leaky shower which had spilled out into the bedroom, having said all this the hotel responded well and reduced our bill without us asking. Overall a very central spot, perhaps a little pricey but then the room was spacious which is rare in Paris. Would go back.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>corsakingHarrogate
<Content>Mixed Feelings The hotel entrance is a narrow one which you could easily miss, situated between a cafe and ice cream shop.However a canopy is hanging overhead with the name on. I was taken aback a little as I entered.Workmen were busy painting the walls and overall reception area looked untidy.That said all the reception staff were very good and to please was their aim.I had a blue room , number 34 , its a largish room and i had use of it for myself .The bathroom was in black tiles and relies on overhead lighting ,There is no natural light . Although the room overlooked a main street , once the windows are closed , street noise is not a problem.Master the airconditioning otherwise you will shiver during the night.Having breakfast in the room when I made the booking appealed as being a bit of a novelty .However now that ive experienced it , i wouldnt do it again.In a breakfast room you are able to have more choice-cheeses, fruit, ham etc plus youcan always go back for more. The breakfast for me was inadequate but thats a personal thingThe beds are comfortable and you should get a restful night.There is a kettle in the room so do what i did take tea bags and powdered milk. You can buy fruit and biscuits locally.Restaurants are in abundance. Dont forget you are in the gay area of Paris.Dont be surprised when you meet gay men spilling out onto the pavement from the bars, and an abundance in the restaurants.But hey this is Franceliberte, equalite, fraterniteThe hotel is ideally situated for all the sights and I would recommend the BATOBUS -a river boat where you can hop on hop off ,Head straight for the river from the hotel , you will find the stop.Buy a 2 day pass only slighty more than one day.One final tip -If you get a taxi back to the airport allow at least 90 min to CDG ,the road out of Paris is subject to heavy traffic and accidents .Would I stay at the hotel again ?The jury is out on that,however enjoy.Paris is a beautiful city and for me exceeds Barcelona.You will experience service, efficiency and friendliness-qualities often lacking this side of the Channel  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>3	4	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>SomeBrit
<Content>Not your average place, will be back! We stayed for two nights. We were planning three, but the only night we could get the overnight train to Barcelona constrained us to leave a day early. Despite having booked up for three, they were happy to cancel the last day at no cost.This is an absolutely superb hotel, but not your standard type of place. If you're looking for something big and generic, this one is not for you. Our constraints are no smoking and good wireless internet, and we were fine here (whole hotel is non-smoking, and I didn't catch a whiff of stale smoke at all).We booked a standard double, but looking at the floor plans (always displayed on the back of the doors) I think we must have been upgraded to a superior. We were in room 43 on the fourth floor, which is actually on the diagonal corner. The room was very spacious by european standards, including a table, and an extra sink by the door with the minibar and kettle etc, like a mini kitchenette. The room was indeed very red with the main relief being the enormous white bedhead. It certainly wasn't a typical bland room.There were many wireless networks visible. The hotel's own one was stable enough for me on the fourth floor. The bathroom was fairly generic, and very clean. There was an international shaver charger socket, very useful. As other reviewers have mentioned, there isn't really much of a reception, and no breakfast place or bar. However you really don't need these. First, there was usually only one person on the front desk, but they were all super helpful and polite. One guy in particular gave us three superb restaurant reccomendations and tips for sightseeing, sadly I didn't note his name. Second, in this part of Paris it would be a waste indeed to stay in your hotel for breakfast in the morning, or a drink in the evening. A few doors away there is a small bakery/cafe called Le Pain Quotidien. Their breakfast was lovely: things like standard continental (with fresh baked bread/croissants) or if you want something more, the open sandwiches (tartines) were super. We had the ham with three types of mustard, and the Madagascan prawn and avocado. Most produce there seems to be all organic. Their nougat sweets are great too. In good weather, you can sit out front and watch the world go by.For dinner in the evening, the hotel guy recommended two places for our needs. Le Coude Fou (literally, the mad elbow) is a couple of streets away. It's crowded, noisy and was a bit smokey, but the food was interesting and good. Do have the cheese! Another good place to spend time to get a feel for the area.For a slightly more special dinner, we managed to get a table at Bofinger. Again, it was a bit of a entertainment spectacle in itself with waiters running to and fro with enormous seafood platters. Going back to the hotel... some previous reviews noted noise problems in and out of the hotel. We were there at a busy time and are sensitive to noise but didn't have any problems. On the 4th floor with windows open (on to a street corner) it was fine to sleep, until the early morning vehicles started at 7am (time to close the windows!). Sure, you can hear maids out in the corridor after 9am, but we still had two super night's sleep which really set us up for touristing.While we were there, there were some minor renovations going on around front desk and the staircase. They were deeply and repeatedly apologetic about it, but it really wasn't even slightly a problem. I'd be curious to find out what it's like when they finish though. At any excuse, we'll be back again.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DC_Traveler88
<Content>Best Hotel I've Stayed at in Paris This is the third time I have been to Paris, and this is the best hotel I have ever stayed in there. It is not extravagently expensive, and is right next to the metro making it super convenient. The room is a pretty good size for Paris standards. The bathroom has a strong shower and toilet, and the towels are on a heated towel rack. The only negative things I can say is that the room is a bit dark because there are not many lights and the ones that are there are small and not placed in the best areas, and the staff is not good about wake-up calls. I had requested it twice, with no one actually calling to wake me up. I was on vacation so I didn't mind, but thought I would mention. The cleaning crew does not change the sheets daily. As for myself, since I like them to be changed daily, I left a note for the cleaning crew with 2 euros every day, which worked fine. I would definetely recommend this hotel. The room was also very quiet so you can get a good night's rest!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>uk69
<Content>Excellent! Marvellous hotel, friendly staff - all of them, very welcoming and helpful.Situated across the road from Hotel de Ville this hotel is ideally located for sightseeing around Paris and for the best nightlife, cafe's and restaurants. We had a superior room which was clean, comfortable and a good size. totally non-smoking hotel - what a blessing. Free internet (Wi-Fi didn't stretch to our room but a cable in the wall socket soon resolved that). Breakfast is served in the room as the hotel has no communal area and consists of croissant and bread roll, tea/coffee, butter, jam yoghurt, fruit puree and cereal - well it did on the first morning, second morning no cereal, third morning no cereal or yoghurt! Bathroom always had plenty of hot water, most of which went over the floor from the poorly fitting shower curtain but that didn't detratct from the whole experience. When we next visit Paris we will return to this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>UKtraveller143
<Content>Very good visit Very good three night stay. Excellent location in the middle of the Marais village close to boutique shops, great restaurants and bars. Lots of interesting streets along which to stroll. Excellent organic bakery called Le Pain Quotidian just along the road which was great for breakfast. Only issue at hotel was fan broken in bathroom. Very nice corner room (number 42). Staff very friendly and helpful, providing a couple of excellent restaurant recommendations. Will definitely use it again.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>pocooso
<Content>Entire hotel non-smoking! English-speaking staff readily available For us, the best thing about this hotel was that it was entirely non smoking. I suppose many people don't care whether or not a hotel allows smoking, but this was an important feature for us, especially since I've noticed that I'm allergic to smoke....not just cigarette smoke, but also smoke from barbecue grills, overly toasted toast, etc. It seemed as though it was nearly impossible to find nonsmoking rooms in Paris, and since all the cafes allow outdoor smoking, it was hard for me to find relief until I was enclosed in the hotel at Villa Mazarin.Also, aside from the basic, bonjour, and sil vous plait, etc. I'm unable to communicate in French. I did try to listen to CD's of the French language. However, there are no readily-available French speakers where I live, so I was unable to practice the language in person. I found it was a difficult language to practice because from an American perspective, words did not seem to sound the way they were written. Fortunately, the people running the Villa Mazarin could speak English. I did not catch the names of the people working at Villa Mazarin, but we encountered 4 staff members ( 3 men, and 1 lady), and all of them were professional and helpful. The first day we arrived, the man at the front desk provided us with a map of the city. One staff member looked up the address and printed out directions for me regarding how to get to my next hotel destination.The room was always kept clean and tidy, and had somewhat of an upscale feel. Soap/shampoo was restocked daily. Tea was complimentary; I happened to like the tea they provided (Lipton caramel tea) and the candy to go with the tea for my sweet tooth. We did have to switch rooms due to the heating/cooling system not working properly; the air conditioning was not working and to make matters worse, the heater seemed to be kicking on due to a problem with the thermostat?? Our new room was a little smaller, but there were no problems with it.I thought the location was ok; it was reasonably close to Notre Dame and Sainte Chapelle, but a bit far from the Orsay, Louvre, Eiffel Tower. However, the Metro was very close to the hotel. (BTW, it was a real drag that the St. Michel and Orsay metro stops were out of order during our stay....this has nothing to do with the hotel, though). This hotel is located directly adjacent to bars/cafes/night life, so late in the night and in the wee hours of the morning, you can hear a few rowdy people outside.The laundry service was expensive for just a couple items for my husband. We waited to do laundry at our next hotel, located in Amsterdam, which offered complimentary laundry service.I'm not sure about the pricing, but I believe we paid $165 (US dollars) per night; we stayed 4 nights.If we ever come back to Paris, as it is a beautiful city, we would most likely return to Villa Mazarin.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>alison568
<Content>Great Hotel!! I have just returned from a 3 night stay at the Villa Mazarin. This hotel was recommended to me and it certainly lived up to its description. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay, loved the area, close to many many resturants, shops and just a great area to explore! I stayed in a superior room and it was fantastic, spacious and quiet. The reception staff were exceptional, extremely helpful and friendly which made my stay all that more enjoyable. I would recommend this hotel to anyone and will be back!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Red_Turtle
<Content>Great hotel in a fantastic neighbourhood I have just stayed at the Villa Mazarin for one week, and would definitely stay there again in the future. Sure, the hotel wouldn't suit everybody. If you want a bar, breakfast room, room service, plenty of amenities, or a quiet, leafy neighbourhood, this hotel is not for you. It is a boutique hotel with a very discreet entrance (blink and you would miss it) in a very hip area of Paris. The front entrance is locked most of the the time, and you need to be buzzed in by the receptionist. You walk past the reception desk in a narrow hallway, and into a small central courtyard to go up to the rooms. There is no bar or restaurant, and breakfast is delivered to your room directly (although there are plenty of options in the multitude of cafes around the hotel). However, the rooms are very comfortable and pleasant, and comparatively spacious for the price you pay. I had a room on the second floor facing rue des Archives, but there wasn't too much noise from the street. The reception staff (all the ones that I interacted with) were polite, friendly, efficient and helpful, and all spoke very good English - and there was a personal level of service that many bigger hotels lack (e.g. whenever I got back to the hotel, I rarely had to tell the front desk my room number before they handed me my room key - even new staff members that I hadn't met before knew which room I was in!) I initially felt a little awkward when I was heading back to the hotel in the early hours of the morning after a fun Friday night at the bars and clubs, wondering what Monsieur at the front desk would think or say ... there was no need to worry really, as he couldn't have been more friendly or courteous when I pressed the buzzer at the front door. The hotel is located in a street with good restaurants, brasseries, cafes, and quite a few gay bars (you wouldn't feel at ease staying in the area if you're prudish about gay people). However, it is not a gay hotel, as the clientele is remarkably diverse, with families, young couples (straight and gay), younger and older singles, elderly tourists, etc. It is across the road from the very popular BHV department store (which has a separate building for men, and another smaller store for pets!). It is around the corner from the Hotel de Ville metro station - and five minutes walk down to the Seine. Centre G. Pompidou, Chatelet and Forum des Halles are about 10 mins walk away - that area is a bit too hectic for my liking. And the beautiful and tranquil place des Vosges as well as the boutiques and interesting shops in the Marais are very close by also.All in all, a very good hotel experience!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Gilshandi
<Content>Great location, great room, great value! We booked our stay at Villa Mazarin entirely based on the Trip Adviser rave reviews and we were not disappointed. Paris accomodation can be small and expensive. This hotel is located in the Marais district about 100 metres from the Hotel De Ville and metro line. It's a great line to be on as the stops include the Champs Elysees, and major museums. It is a lovely part of Paris to stay in...lots of wonderful laneways, boutiques and cafes and is not nearly as expensive as the Left bank. The hotel has no lobby nor any common meeting areas, all has gone into the rooms which are lovely. We were upgraded on arrival (a nice surprise) and the room was spacious and tastefully decorated. While there is so much to do in Paris and one could argue the hotel is just a place to sleep, we enjoyed coming back here after a day of touring, relaxing before going out to dinner and sleeping in in the morning!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dvw
<Content>Dream holiday Villa Mazarin Paris was part of a dream holiday for my family. When we first booked, the management contacted me via email to confirm our requirements for 2 rooms. Both were spacious and very clean, with air conditioning. We could open our 2nd floor window and see the Hotel deVille and Notre Dame. The staff assisted us in finding the sights, and we were just steps away from the subways which took us to everything....including Versailles. The manager even assisted us in booking a dinner cruise along the Seine which was a highlight of our trip. I couldn't ask for a hotel in Paris with a better location, more personal service, or kinder staff. If I ever get to relive the dream, I will go there again.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>supremecourt25
<Content>Pretty good overall - would stay again I don't know if I got a bargain exactly - paid 240 Euros/night for a double superior room (that was allegedly normally 300/night). I don't recall the room number, but it was on the top floor (5th floor) and was indeed very spacious by Paris standards. There was a small balcony that you could reach by climbing up and out of the window, but there were no chairs or anything, which would have been nice - and which I think I saw on the next balcony over. However, in comparision to the balconies the other direction, ours was much larger - it was on a corner. The bathroom was also very nice, but the lighting wasn't great if you're a female who needs to apply makeup. But the bath products were really nice and the warming rack for the towels was a nice touch. And as others noted, I chose this hotel in part because it was entirely nonsmoking, which was really nice - although the common areas on the 5th floor did smell like smoke a couple of times (but not in our room) not sure why - guests who violated the rule? Staff? Not sure. Of course the location is great, as others noted. I didn't find the sheets bad, as another review stated. Nor did I find it a problem that the hotel had no lobby or restaurant or breakfast. We were usually on the move in the mornings and had to grab breakfast on the run. The surly woman who works there I only encountered a couple of times and she actually wasn't too surly! I thought Thomas Silva, Laurent, and Loic were all very nice. After reading the more recent reviews I realized I should have utilized their expertise more than I did - we were just not in the mood to chit chat most of the time that we passed the desk or were in a hurry to get somewhere. I forgot how much of a pain it is to have to turn in and ask for your key every time you enter or leave the hotel! Also, on one evening, we had to wait outside for a few minutes as the front desk was temporarily unmanned and you have to wait to be buzzed in. Not a big deal but still - you should be able to get into your hotel when you need to, and we had no idea how long we would be waiting there. As far as noise goes, I have been in Paris once before and stayed in a very noisy hotel in the 14th. This was typical, I think noise is difficult to avoid unless you stay somewhere that isn't convenient or close to anything. The only noise that really bothered me was the one day we tried to sleep in -- from within the hotel! I recall reading another review that complained about the maids making noise. This was the one thing that really bothered me. It was still pretty early, before 9 am, but for us, that was sleeping in. If it were 10 or 11 am, I could understand - but loud talking and clanging before 9 am right outside people's doors?? I almost threw open my door and said something, but I don't speak French well enough to know what to say! Overall, I would stay here again, although I may seek out somewhere closer to 200 Euros per night range, or stay in a smaller room in this hotel. I definitely like the Marais and was so happy that I had stayed there instead of in the 6e or 5e. It felt much less touristy even though there were tourists around.For breakfast I recommend Chez Paul by the Metro stop - the hotel's suggestion and it ended up being our breakfast pretty much every day except Sunday, when it was closed to our disappointment. It is a chain but a very good one and it's Parisian!!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>rhetorical
<Content>Smart hotel, great location We were looking for a boutique hotel in a funky neighborhood but without the smoke and the tiny bathroom. We found it here, at the Mazarin, in a smart, clean, modern room with an excellent bed, quality linens, an elegant bathroom and space to spare. We stayed a week, and we will stay again. Can't think of a reason to bother looking around for an alternative, though my habit is the opposite -- to look around, to find something less expensive or more clever. In this case, I won't. From the Mazarin, the walk to the Hotel de Ville and the Metro is little more than two blocks, meaning that all of Paris is practically at your doorstep. Walking is better, of course, and from the Mazarin a walk to Notre Dame, Ile de la Cite, the Concergerie, and the Left Bank is a quick one. Without concern for being out quite late, we'd linger along the quay into the evening, then make the quite short walk 'home' to the busy Marais, then stop off for a beverage just before turning in. Also easy walks to the Picasso Museum, the Place des Voges, and Centre Pompidou. If you're in Paris for a brief stay (though we weren't) this location would be a good one. Two small warnings: Yes, do avoid the surly woman who covers the desk on weekends. She does not represent the ethos of the hotel. Rather, the clerks are terrific, and very helpful with advice about Paris, including the best way to get advance tickets for the Louvre and the best locations to queue. And, yes, the Marais is something of a party district, especially during Gay Pride Day and the World Cup. (If you're a phobe, just stay away so that the rest of us don't have to encounter you.) On nights when Les Bleus did not compete, we had no trouble with noise, even though our room fronted the Rue d'Archives. When they did, nobody was safe from the din -- not even the guests at the more expensive hotels on the Champs Elysees.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>MA_JA_AUS
<Content>Very nice small hotel in a great location My wife and I stayed at the Hotel Villa Mazarin for 5 days in late May and can thoroughly recommend itWe booked a superior double room and were more than pleased to find that it was extremely generous in size with 3 good size windows opening onto the Rue des Archives. Bathroom was effective but on the small side with no natural light. Only minor issue was we couldn't find a way to get the heating on and felt slightly cold as a result.This hotel is in an excellent location, easy walking distance to the Seine and Notre Dame (5 minutes or so) and the surrounding Marais district is really charming, a hive of activity in the evening and full of small streets, charming shops and bistro's - what you hope old Paris might be but which is lacking from most of the rest of the city now. The hotel staff are great - forbearing when you butcher their language and helpfull. We trusted their dinner recommendations and were not let down - in fact if you have the opportunity, dine at Le Dome Du Marais (recommended by the concierge) and you will dine one of the most gracious dining rooms imaginable (at least by us antipodeans), watching the glass in the dome change transparency as the sun goes down. We recommend taking breakfast outside the hotel one of the local Patisserie's.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>AUKLichfield
<Content>Pleasant hotel Excellent hotel ideally located in the centre of VERY busy Paris. My wife and I spent six nights at the Mazarin and could not fault it. We originally booked this hotel due to previous comments stating that the rooms were larger than normal as my wife is in a wheelchair. We booked a deluxe double room, which did prove to be very roomy and the comments regarding how helpful the reception staff are proved to be correct. We will definitely use this hotel again next time we visit Paris.I should also mention that the main tourist sites really do offer the VIP treatment for wheelchair users. For example you do not have to queue at venues such as Versailles, Eiffel Tower and the Louvre (Where you are also given an interrupted view of the Mona Lisa!) and in many cases entrance is either free off charge or just a nominal fee! The same applies to the all-important WC, which is sometimes accessed by small elevators and is maintained by a person usually willing to offer help.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MitchamboyManty
<Content>Another town another bed Me and the missus have just returned from 4 nights at the Mazarin and we found the experience mostly agreeable. Although 176E per night for a bed is, well, am I being unreasonable in wanting a bar, or a restaurant, or a decent breakfast included in that price? Not just a bed for the night? Breakfast was extra, of course, but it was pretty unconvincing. Continental, in other words. No effort required, just a few things in boxes and packets on a tray next to a tea bag in a cup and orange juice from a carton. Some of these guests have travelled a long way - make an effort! I also have to agree with other members who comment on the noise from the bin men and bottle boys who earn their money when us residents are sleeping off the day's over indulgences. On the plus side, the guys on reception were worth the admission fee alone: very helpful and very camp, in keeping with the location which is very adjacent to a thriving gay area. Step outside the hotel and a few steps either way bring you to brasseries serving draught beer and good grub morning or evening, and a massive thumbs up for a genuine non-smoking hotel, a very comfortable bed, and a lovely hot shower. Would stay again. No question.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hawaii-Fan-from-LA
<Content>Not a 4 or 5 Star Hotel I don't understand the reviews that say this is a wonderful hotel. It has some good features and some problems. If you are used to 5 star hotels, as I am, you will likely be very disappointed. Most of the rooms get a great deal of street noise from motorcycles, cars, and people late at night. It is constant until about 4 a.m. Then they noisily pick up the garbage at 6:30 a.m. I was always up with the garbage. I never had a good night's sleep. Changing rooms is most often impossible here as they are usually heavily booked. This is one reason I tend to avoid hotels with 30 rooms or less, but I stayed here due to the reviews on Trip Advisor. The sheets are uncomfortable, with a feel of cardboard. They are worse than you would get at a Motel 6. If the scale was 1 to 100 and one would give a 5 star hotel they liked a rating of 100, I'd give this hotel about a 45. If one is content with 3 star hotels, where I have stayed sometimes, this one will seem good. On the plus side, the staff is usually very helpful. The location is excellent. Some rooms are spacious and the bathrooms are good. The room rates are a fair price -- not a bargain, but not excessive either. Those who say it is a bargain must have had some very bad luck with other properties.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	4	3	4	1	

<Author>teppy83
<Content>Definitely a cut above the rest!       Odd stain (partly) hidden by mat  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Bethaf
<Content>Quite nice in some ways We stayed at the Mazarin for a week so I feel I can give a pretty thorough review. The location is great and it is quiet. We stayed in one of the top floor duplexes. It was roomy and well decorated, but perhaps not as efficient as could be. For one thing the furniture is more for looks than comfort. Also it could use more drawer space. Finally it was very dark. When they redecorate I highly recommend softer furniture and lighter colors. The plumbing was problematic. Hot water went out and our toilet wouldn't flush. They did get both things fixed though the toilet appears to be a chronic problem.As mentioned in other posts, Thomas is a delight and a walking encyclopedia especially when it comes to classical art. Do consult him before your trip to the Louvre, but be prepared for a lengthy lecture...it's well worth your time. The rest of the staff is unremarkable and somewhat useless. We asked one woman who worked there about a dinner cruise and she muttered something about near the Musee D'Orsey. Later in our stay Thomas booked us a loveley last minute cruise on the Batteaux Parisien. Well worth the $120 Euro/person. Book this hotel for the location and for the quiet and relative comfort. Don't book it if you're looking for an impeccable hotel because this is not quite it. Close but not quite.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>AndreaTM
<Content>A Charming Treasure We stayed at the hotel for one week. The lovely and quiet hotel is tucked inside of a busy neighborhood, but we never heard any noise. The rooms were clean, comfortable and modern. Service was excellent--Thomas was especially helpful and quite delightful. We loved having breakfast delivered each morning to our room--complete with china and white linens.The only drawback is that there is not a lobby or a place to gather--only a small outdoor courtyard. We highly recommend Villa Mazarin.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>cardy
<Content>A couple of niggles..... ......but mostly great. Firstly, I'll get the niggles out of the way. We ordered breakfast on three mornings, and each time it was wrong. The annoying thing is, it's such a simple breakfast (cereal, tea coffee croissant and bread) it's pretty difficult to get wrong, but to get it wrong on all three occassions is poor. Also there is no information in the room, for example - how to ring reception to tell them your breakfast is wrong.!! The hot water packed in one day too, but that's just one of those unfortunate things.As for the good, they've all been mentioned, the location, the intimacy, the charm and the lovely staff. I would not hesitate to stay here again, but I'd probably go and get breakfast elsewhere.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	3	5	

<Author>EANYC
<Content>Central Paris gem With my recently completed 5-night stay, I have logged a month鈥檚 worth of stays at the Villa-Mazarin, spread over several trips during the past two years, so it鈥檚 most appropriate I finally post my comments on my favorite travel site.The hotel is ideally located on the Rue des Archives; it is a block from the H么tel de Ville (City Hall) and the m茅tro station by the same name. For museum-goers, it is only steps away from the Centre Pompidou, the Picasso Museum, the Holocaust Memorial, the Mus茅e Carnavalet, the Mus茅e Cognac-Jay, and the Jewish Museum, to name a few.The hotel is also conveniently located mere steps away from such nice spots as Les Marronniers brasserie, Le Pain Quotidien breakfast eatery, Starbucks, and the Agora newsstore, all just up the street. Mariage-Fr猫res, the marvelous mecca of tea, is only 3 blocks away. Georges, the ueber-trendy eatery on the roof of the Pompidou Center, is also blocks away.The hotel has some features that make it extremely appealing to me. For a start, it is a completely non-smoking hotel. Second, there is no lobby as such, but only a reception desk; and thus, there are no mad scenes of twenty airline employees checking-in or some tour group hanging around waiting for its bus, scenes that are quite common at other hotels I have stayed at, even at the Inter-Continental.There is a feeling one is a guest in a private home, except this is not some creaky, old walk-up with 19th century plumbing. The hotel building is a superb 1850s structure which has been thoroughly renovated to provide all modern amenities: there is central air-conditioning, flat-screen television sets, safes, refrigerators, a coffee-maker, and complimentary Wi-Fi in every room. As the hotel has no dining room, breakfast is thankfully available only through room service.The check-in / concierge desk, as manned by Thomas or Laurent, is hospitable and warmly efficient (Thomas speaks 6 languages like a native in each). But there is a major caveat here: in addition to the above two, there is a third employee manning the desk, weekdays and Sundays till 2:30pm. Try to avoid her by all means, even if you have to change your flight to arrive in the evening. She personifies for the twenty-first century the noble French service industry tradition of surliness; except, ahem, she is not French! She will make you feel as if you are intruding in her home. On my most recent stay, I made the grave mistake to arrive on her watch at 11am and was dourly reminded my room would not be ready before 3pm. I was given the keys to drop my suitcase in the luggage room myself (both a security and a hospitality lapse) and was sternly asked to return the key (as if I was going to leave with it) to her.Other than this caveat, the hotel is a four-star perfection and I would wholeheartedly recommend it to all except hard-core smokers and hotel lobby aficionados.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Clive_Arm
<Content>Great location Stayed here for 5 nights on our first trip to Paris and we couldn't have been happier. The room was nicely proportioned, simply decorated and the bathroom was excellent. We overlooked the side street which was fine but be warned that this is a very popular area at night and therefore noisy until the wee hours - giving only a brief respite before the bin wagons turn up. The noise is bearable with the windows closed but as the air conditioning wasn't working during our stay - and Paris seemed to be having an early heatwave - this wasn't really an option for us. This really was the only downside to this fantastic hotel, ideally situated to explore Paris, close to the Hotel de Ville and various Metro lines.Breakfast was served in the room and we had this on 3 of the 5 mornings - it was basic but fine. If you are looking for something a bit special, head to the organic boulangerie just up the road. This was recommended to us by the hotel receptionist and was a real treat.The hotel staff were great - very friendly and helpful and willing to make restaurant reservations which were all excellent. Ask them about the 'Le Tastevin' restaurant on the nearby Ile de St Louis - a real gem.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nippy
<Content>TOO NOISY!! Lovely Hotel in great location, rooms are fairly large and well equipped. However, the only downside is the constant noise from outside from which there is no let up - i'm surpised from looking through the reviews that no one has mentioned this before. I'm not a particularly light sleeper but the din from Rue de Rivoli, the surrounding bars and just the busy streets in general would not make me stay there again. Also the dustbin carts start at about 4.30 in the morning and seem to spend hours loading empty bottles. The windows are double glazed but the noise is still audible. Shame really as very nice hotel.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>EnglishJero
<Content>Stay at this hotel!       View from the bedroom window  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>salowe
<Content>Great little paris hotel My partner and I booked Villa Mazarin for a four day stay in paris on the back of the reviews on this site and were not disappointed. The hotel is small but perfectly formed. We had a standard room which was small but very nicely decorated, with a mini bar, TV and a bathroom with a good shower (and bath). Our room was on the second floor and looked onto a side street - we heard the occasional horn honking but nothing to stop us from sleeping soundly. The location is fantastic - literally 30 seconds walk to the river, 2 minutes to the Pompidou centre, 5 to Notre Dame and 10 to the Louvre. We bought a carnet book of metro tickets and didn't use them once!We had breakfast at a nearby cafe - but on the last day tried the hotel breakfast and wished we had had it more often. The hotel breakfast is brought up to your room - and includes some lovely fresh yogurts, pastries, bread and apple puree - all very rustic and cute.The people on reception were very friendly - welcoming and always helpful.We will definitely return to this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ZebraMc
<Content>Perfect hotel, perfect location My husband and I stayed in Paris over Valentine's weekend - this is the 3rd year we have done this. First year, stayed near the Luxembourg gardens, 2nd year further up rue des Archives and have finally cracked the perfect location with Villa Mazarin.It is just next door to the department store BHV and directly behind the Hotel de Ville. You can walk from the RER at Les Halles in 10 minutes. It is a great location if you like to go out in the evening and be in bars and restaurants among French - not so many tourists around the Marais in the evening.The hotel room was clean, spacious and had views up and down rue des Archives. The bed was comfortable and everything was spotless. I agree with other reviewers that the staff was extremely helpful and friendly. We won't be staying anywhere else I don't think in Paris!Tip for Sunday lunch if you would like a treat - *Brasserie Bofinger* is about a 10-15 minute stroll from this hotel just off the Place de la Bastille. It is very French and not for you if you don't eat either meat or fish, but fantastic traditional French cuisine - you are looked after like a King and the surroundings are like something out of a French film. We loved it.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>frigate
<Content>Gorgeous We read about this in one of the national newspapers, and booked it on the strength of the review. Are we glad we did.!It was so beautifully situated for the Louvre, Notre Dame - in fact just about anywhere.The staff at reception could not have been more helpful, letting us in early and guarding our baggage when we checked out as we had a late flight home. They helped us plan a journey to the suburbs to meet acquaintances for dinner - and when the acquantainces rang the totel while we were out, they double-checked the journey plan with them.The room was delightfully decorated, period but not twee, and so beautifully presented. It was not just clean, it was utterly spotless, and with everyhing we wanted. The bed was very comfortable. I would love to have taken the matt-black and chrome en-suite home with me, but it's given me lots of ideas for our own!There's no breakfast room, so you order breakfast the night before and eat it at the pretty table provided. There was plenty to eat - unless you are the Full English brigade. We knew this, but if we hadn't I wouldn't have taken a light dressing gown with me in order to open the door. Lots of eating places nearby, of course.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BizTravel-7
<Content>Perfection Perfection in Paris!This little hotel is a piece of heaven. The staff is excellent and attentive. The in-room breakfast is delightful. My room and bathroom were neat, tidy, and large. It is steps away from the Hotel de Ville Metro stop and across the way from Notre Dame. I absolutely loved staying here and will always stay here when in Paris!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Needinfo1
<Content>Great little place Just back from a 3 night stay in Paris at this great hotel. Stayed in a superior room which was a great size, with a small kitchen area (tea/coffee making facilities, sink and fridge), a seating area with flat screen tv, good sized bathroom with both bath and shower, big comfy bed and three large windows ( we were on a corner) over-looking the streets of Paris.We paid 拢250 for two people for three nights which is excellent considering the location and room standard. Friendly reception team were helpful, as were the maids. Continental breakfast included made up of cereal, croissant, bread, a hot drink and a fresh juice were also included. Would definately recommend it to all, will add photos shortly.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Caoimhin_Eire
<Content>Great Hotel with friendly staff After about 10 visits to Paris, this was my best hotel so far. It is in a great location, has very friendly staff and is inexpensive for its standards. Each floor is done in a different colour and a slightly different theme with funky decorations and clean rooms. I will definitely be back.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>seatrav
<Content>Magnifique! Stay at Villa Mazarin was very enjoyable. Can't beat the location - half block from Hotel de Ville in the Marais; 15 minute walk to the Louvre, 10 minutes to Notre Dame; 5 minutes to the Pompidou. The room was very clean and comfortable; by Paris standards it was a decent size. The rates were quite reasonable, given the location, quality of hotel, and size of room. There is really no lobby (which is not important to me) and the hotel has no grand street presence. Best thing about the hotel was the extremely accomodating front desk staff. Merci beaucoup Luic, Thomas et Laurent!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>tree1London
<Content>Absolutely Charming hotel I stayed at the Hotel Mazarin right after New Year's Eve and it was a terrific experience. The hotel is in an excellent location steps away from the Hotel de Ville yet it is extremely quiet at night as the rooms overlook a courtyard. The rooms are large with a small kitchen area (sink, tea and coffee maker, fridge) and good sized bathroom. Rooms are beautifully decorated with firm beds, table and chairs, large closet, chest of drawers, and a flat screen TV. The hotel doesn't have a lobby to hang about in but that is not something I would normally do so it didn't bother me. The staff were all friendly and helpful and I would definitely book this hotel again in future.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AlexItalian
<Content>Perfect! Perfect hotel for the price paid (140鈧?night).A real 4 stars in the heart of the Marais, perfect for gay nightlife (all the spots are nearby) and for sightseeing. A few steps away from Notre Dame and Chatelet. The subway is downstairs and very convenient. The bathrooms are brand new and the hotel has it all. Of the very many hotels I stayed in Paris this is definitively the best in its price range. Complimentary wi-fi connection definitively a plus!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	3	3	5	

<Author>Liora
<Content>Bravo, Villa Mazarin!       Cafe Tribeca on rue Cler  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>suitcaseonwheels
<Content>Perfect hotel and location We got a fantastic deal at this hotel. Parisian hotels seem to charge quite a lot for not much, so finding a really funky hotel in the heart of Paris at a great price was frankly the cherry on the gateau of a super weekend.We got a duplex appartment on the top floor complete with flat-screen tvs (yes, that's meant to be in the plural!), lovely products in the bathroom, a little kitchenette area and bar stools and a big comfy bed. Parfait! Oh, and the location? On Rue des Archives in the trendy Marais, a stone's throw from the Hotel de Ville, the Chatelet shopping/cinema/transport 'hub', Notre Dame and numerous great bars and restaurants. (If you go, do have breakfast/brunch at the Pain Quotidien a little way up the street... enough to turn the staunchest Atkins dieter back onto bread ;-)  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Ciaohelena
<Content>Fabulous! This is a true gem of a hotel. Rarely for Paris, the staff are delightful and helpful, always ready to attend to your every need and make your stay as enjoyable as possible. Great location (very central and safe, close to all major attractions, shops etc), beautiful rooms and absolutely delicious breakfast. One of the nicest hotels I have stayed in ( and I have very high standards!). Its even great value!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>idle
<Content>Lovely rooms, friendly staff          Small but clean and comfortable rooms  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rexel
<Content>VILLA FANTASTIC! My husband and I spent 9 nights at Villa Mazarin in September onour first visit to Paris. The hotel is in a magnificent location with lots of museums, shops and restaurants within walking distance.Our room was on Rue Des Archives and even though this is a busy street it was quiet and extremely comfortable. We loved opening our French windows and watching the parisiens go about their daily business. The bathroom was huge by European standards and overall the room was extremely well appointed. It was clean and the bed linen was superb. The tea and coffee making facilities were also greatly appreciated. It is within easy walking distance of Notre Dame and the left bank, The Louvre, Pompidou Centre, Picasso museum and lots lots more. The location is fantastic, the hotel is extremely comfortable (the weather was very hot and we were thankful for air-conditioning that worked!), and the staff were friendly, helpful and even interested in our daily visits to the museums. Thank you Thomas - you made our visit very enjoyable and we will definately be returning to Villa Mazarin!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Hartacanute
<Content>Highly Recommended We were a little apprehensive about booking a hotel we only knew about from online sources. However, we needn't have worried. The hotel was great - the room was just like in the pictures, and was great value for the rate.The rooms were small - but that's how things are in Paris. But the room we had was clean, with a good bathroom.The hotel staff were very friendly and spoke great English.As other reviewers have mentioned, I'd definitely get breakfast at one of the nearby cafes.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Raulmartin
<Content>Comfortable, Clean and Great Location!       Modern Bathroom  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>pupumann0
<Content>Top Paris        Beds  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Doowah
<Content>A delightful experience I stayed at this hotel because of its loction in the Marias District, close to the Cite Des Artes. It was a fantastic experience. The room was clean, stylish, and large for a European Hotel. As with all Paris hotels, there was noise at night, I was in an outside room. The view of the streetscape compensated for the extra noise.The bed was great, the linens were delightful, the bathroom extremely comfrotable. The mini-bar with coffee supplies made a pleasant start to the day.There are a plethora of restaurants and cafes in the surrounding neighborhood, making the lack of an 'in-house' eating establishment not a problem.My husband and I travel to Pris regularly, and usually stay in a more expensive hotel in another district, but we will certainly return to the Villa Mazarin on future visits.Sydney Australia  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>oakland_vacationer
<Content>Great location We had a wonderful stay at this hotel in August. It's located right next to the Hotel De Ville, just a few blocks from the Notre Dame and Saint Chappelle. You can easily walk to the Louvre and other sites, and the Metro is located about 30 seconds from the front door. Laurent was really helpful and very friendly. Would highly recommend this hotel if you are looking for a conveniently located, comfortable place to stay in Paris. Our room was bigger than others I've seen in Paris. They offer breakfast in your room for 12 or 13 Euros, but there are a few other places that offer breakfast right next door.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>torkild
<Content>Very satisfied with Villa Mazarin My partner and I just came home from 3 days in Paris where we stayed at Villa Mazarin. I booked a standard double room with bathtub over the internet and payed 390 euros which was a bargain considered the room standard. If you need a good bed, large room, very nice bathroom and good service choose this hotel.the staff was very helpfull and nice. And the location is perfect.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Bigcoralboy
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Myself and my wife have just arrived home in the UK after a 6 day stay at this fantastic hotel. Reception staff were very welcoming and helpful, we arrived at 10am our room to our surprise was already made up for us. The rooms are absolutely superb, well docorated with a fabulous bathrooms.We shall be returning for a long weekend in November and we will definitely be staying at the Hotel Mazarin.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ianross
<Content>Wonderful hotel, wonderful staff Just returned from the Villa Mazarin Hotel.....truly fantastic location in the beautiful and intriguing Marais district - and sited just behind the Hotel D'Ville ( City Hall ).The hotel is small ( 29 rooms only ) and has been stunningly refurbished......Our room ( standard double ) was terrific....flat-screen TV, world-class bed, two sinks, kettle, iron and ironing board etc......The hotel is in the heart of the Marais district....a cultural and bohemian extravaganza..........stuffed with bars/restaurants of any kinds and types ( gay, hetro, loud, quiet, cute etc etc )The real bonus, however, was the hotel staff who were amongst the most attentive and professional I have ever come across in more than 30 years of world travel.....nothing was too much trouble for them.We would return tomorrow given the opportunity.Ian and Kathryn ( UK )If anyone requires any more info we are happy to provide...hicduk@aol.com  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CostaRicanCoffee
<Content>Villa Mazarin--Fantastique!!! I cannot say enough good things about Villa Mazarin!! It was my first visit to Paris and all I knew is that I HAD to stay in the Marais. Villa Mazarin is a gem in every way. You absolutely cannot beat the location near the Hotel De Ville, it's walking distance to everything and there's a metro just a few steps away. The hotel has old world charm but with all of the modern comforts (soft bedding, contemporary bathrooms, fluffy towels, great artwork). It's obvious the owners put a lot of work and heart into the remodel. It's impeccable. It's also one of, if not the only, non-smoking hotel in Paris which I really liked. I had a typical Parisian breakfast sent up every morning, cafe au lait, flaky croissant, pan chocolat. I had to pinch myself, just delightful. The staff is superb and not only helped me map out a walking tour of Paris but also highlights of the Louvre so I could best appreciate it without being overwhelmed. I have friends in the South of France and I'll be staying at Villa Mazarin every year (if they have room!). I've never written a review before but this place was so wonderful I just had to let other travelers know 'my little secret'. Enjoy!!!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WtravelW
<Content>Agree with Negative Reviews Negative reviews of hotel are right on. Rooms are fine, but poor service, especially in light of the high prices, ruined the experience. Before staying here, I didn't think that service would matter much, especially since we rarely utilize hotel services. But when problems developed during our stay at the hotel, we were dismayed at the hotel's refusal to take action. We are patient people,but we got tired of being told that the problems would be fixed and then discovering that nothing had been done. To top it off, when we checked out, the hotel added on minibar charges for items we did not consume. When I mentioned this politely to the hotel clerk, he virtually accused us of lying and only after a very tense standoff did he take the charge off the bill. I've stayed at other Paris hotels and never had problems like this. Our advice is to look elsewhere -- you may find out too late that hotel service really does matter.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mattmat14
<Content>Best I've experienced in Paris       Our bed at Hotel Villa Mazarin  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>josiedog2
<Content>It's a nice hotel...but for one incident. My Overall Stay Rating would have been much higher but I had similar experiences as others posting here that had an effect on an otherwise wonderful stay. Most of the staff was courteous and helpful, with the exception of the one woman who seemed helpful in the beginning (our room wasn't ready so she let us put our bags in a storage room) but upon checking out quite offended me by accusing me of trying to get out of paying for something I know I have to pay for, in her words. The web site was misleading in both the breakfast and Shuttle. When we checked in I specifically asked the man there to clarify that breakfast was included and he said it wasn't. I told him of the web site and that we had booked it specifically thinking that it WAS included and he said he would go ahead and include it, or so I thought. (There is no dining room, so they deliver breakfast to your room for the usual cost of 12euro.) When we checked out, I questioned the charges for the breakfast that were on the bill as I thought they had been dismissed on the first day and was brusquely accused by Madame as she thrust a printout in front of me with something about breakfast in French in handwriting across the bottom as if to prove that she was right. We were on a time schedule and I couldn't stay, so I just paid the charges and left. Also, my friend inquired about the free airport shuttle she saw on the web site and was told that it was not free but one was booked for her, 6euro to the Hotel and around 20euro for the shuttle. Mr. Tomas IS great and found another room when a friend arrived in town, is very personable and speaks 10 languages. Very safe neighborhood and within walking distance to many attractions and main Metro Station. We also booked this Hotel because it is ENTIRELY NON-SMOKING ... refreshing for a change.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>2	4	5	5	5	2	4	3	

<Author>Rhetor
<Content>Disappointing hotel My wife and I stayed at the Villa Mazarin for two nights in early July. While the room was nicely decorated, we began to notice problems. For example, two lights did not work. We reported this to the front desk shortly after arrival and reminded the desk clerk a few hours later. After about 8 hours someone arrived to replace the bulbs. This was a small matter鈥攂ut also a preview of things to come. The second night the toilet suddenly stopped flushing. When we reported this to the man at the desk we were greeted with a diatribe about how busy he was, how he had to do everything, how he wasn鈥檛 a plumber, and on and on. He was neither apologetic nor concerned, merely annoyed that we had brought our problem to his attention. He did manage to fix the toilet鈥攖emporarily. It ceased function again the next morning. I reported the problem to the women at the desk who promised to call a plumber. I checked with her after an hour or so and was told she had been too busy to call a plumber. The Villa Mazarin staff always seemed to be too busy to help guests. We were finally told that the plumber would arrive Friday鈥攁nd this was Wednesday! We then asked if we could change rooms and was told it might be possible. We then said that we would probably move to another hotel and were greeted with a classic Gallic shrug. The shrug said it all鈥攖he Villa Mazarin staff could care less about their guests. We moved to the Axial Beaubourg (now Duo) one block away. Our new room was smaller (and less expensive) but the hotel has competent, concerned, and helpful staff. The Villa Mazarin might be OK if you have no maintenance problems and intend to have absolutely no interaction with the staff. But Paris is filled with pleasant hotels in great locations so I see no reason to role the dice at the Villa Mazarin.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>marleybermuda
<Content>Perfect, exactly what we were looking for! My husband and I stayed at the Villa Mazarin from July 10 - 13, 2006. The location is wonderful, just steps away from the Hotel de Ville and metro stop, great shopping, muesums, cafes, the Sienne and Ile de la Cite/Ile St. Louis. This is a small hotel with a small and friendly staff. The room was a very nice size. We were concerned because we'd heard that European rooms were small. The bathroom was modern and nice. The room was immaculate and very pretty. The air conditioning was wonderful, and much needed after all of the very hot days in Paris and unairconditioned subways! The view from our window was the lovley street below and charming buildings surrounding us. We had internet access with our laptop. We got a great deal on bookings.com and were very pleased and would certainly stay again. This hotel was perfect for us.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Disappointed Very disappointed in room. Had booked a duplex room which looked great on their website, but actual room I received was much smaller and gloomier (due to lack of windows and dark paint, which accentuated claustrophobic feel of the room). Also no wi-fi internet access, as promised. When I tried to switch to another duplex room that looked like what was pictured on their website, they refused because I had not paid the rack rate of 300+euros per night. It seems as if your experience at hotel depends on the luck of the draw (or in our case it depended on how much we paid for our room). I wouldn't stay again - I'd try to find another hotel or an apt for rent in the same neighborhood - it's not worth the anxiety of wondering if you're going to get what's pictured on their website or a much more depressing room at an expensive price.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>SFTravellers415
<Content>Turned into a Nightmare At first, the hotel seemed fine, although expensive for what you are getting (basically a room only, with virtually no other services). But, mid-way through our stay, the air-conditioning broke down in the middle of a heat wave. That's when the nightmare started. Three different staff members came to the room and each suggested that we were the cause of the broken A/C. The staff tinkered with the A/C and claimed that the problem was solved (even though I pointed out that the air conditioning unit still wasn't working). Then, one of the staff said he would call a repair person, but never did, and when we returned to the room, it was over 90 degrees on the thermostat. When we called downstairs, a different staff person said, Too late -- what do you want me to do about it? We were unable to sleep at all in this heat (as I lay awake in my bed in the middle of the night, I kept thinking about how I had paid over 200 euros per night for this room and the hotel refused to do anything about it). Repair person wasn't called by the hotel until over 24 hours later (when the repair person finally arrived, he confirmed that the problem was with the air conditioning unit, not with us). When we asked the hotel about getting a reduction on our rate for the night without A/C, they said no and again suggested that we were to blame for the broken A/C and that we had already gotten a good rate on the hotel. Unbelievable. So, if you manage to get a decent rate on the room and anything goes badly (A/C breaks down, etc.), be prepared to receive the blame and then be told Too bad because you got a good rate on the room!!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LisaLosAngeles
<Content>Loved this hotel       The room...green level  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Richard065
<Content>Brilliant location   showReview(5376219, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CPThomas
<Content>great find!   showReview(5338404, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>trekingrich
<Content>Location! Location! Location!   showReview(5047934, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic stay at Villa Mazarin   showReview(5042612, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dpat17
<Content>Awesome Place    showReview(5030285, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Aderyn
<Content>Merci Beaucoup Villa Malraux!       Room 2  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>unsolicited
<Content>Spot on - at a price       Sink area  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dancing_shiva
<Content>Good choice   showReview(4578929, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>4robb
<Content>Such a good choice!   showReview(4100903, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great All Non-Smoking Hotel on Edge of Marais   showReview(4089569, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>miciante
<Content>tranquillit脿 assoluta   showReview(22298794, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Buddy767
<Content>kleines Hotel in superguter Lage   showReview(17448078, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Il faut, 脿 mon avis, demander...   showReview(13611018, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>quoi
<Content>C'est chic!   showReview(6476637, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>elyseeolivier
<Content>Emmenez votre Dulcin茅e   showReview(6046175, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

